In 2022, profits were under pressure and production expanded rapidly in 2023 by billions of yuan, or +0.9 per cent, corresponding to 2204 quarter revenues of $4.25 billion, or +79 per cent, or +9 per cent, or 620 million, or +53 per cent, or 23 per cent, or 610 million, or 610 million.
The production capacity of the kilns is expanding rapidly, and the industry’s headline position is continuously consolidated. The company’s excess product expansion targets are sufficient, and in the future it will actively deploy large-scale kiln capacity that will effectively reduce the energy consumption per unit product and increase the production rate, thereby reducing production costs and sustaining the consolidation of the industry’s headline position.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price project, the annual production of 900,000 tons of photovoltaic assembly sheet glass project, is the day-melting of the kiln with 1,000 tons and tons, with reduced raw materials and energy consumption, and with the increase in single-line size, cutting edges and bad products
In 2022, the company obtained 3.34 billion yuan and 3.38 billion yuan, respectively.
100% of the mining stock, as well as the 13th section of the glass-based quartz mine in Lingshan-Kugi Hill, Phoenix County, can guarantee supply chain security and stable prices of raw materials, effectively supporting the public demand for light glass expansion. With regard to energy supply, the company holds a stock of 35.0% of the Cumbon gas.
By controlling the cost of raw materials and energy, the company’s gross profit rate for its business remains at the first echelon, at over 5% Māori + 77% compared to the second echelon; net profit on maternity is $2.12 billion + 0.1%; net profit on non-repatriation is 2.08 billion and +0.9%.
RMB 4.25 billion, equivalent to +79 per cent and ring + 9 per cent for the 2204 quarter; net return to the mother of $620 million, corresponding to lower levels of lubricant cash flow, mainly due to an increase in operating receivables.
Figure 8: Changes in cost per company period, Figure 10: Changes in corporate capacity indicators, global carbon neutrality and consensus + photovoltaic parity, industry in high-speed development
The photovoltaic industry was first emerging in Europe and has so far gone through four phases. 1) The early stages of development: between 2004 and 2010, with Europe as the development centre, Governments introduced proficient subsidies and large-scale commercialization of the photovoltaic industry.
2) Adjustment period: In 2011-2013, the outbreak of the European debt crisis led to significant reductions in photovoltaic subsidies in European countries, and lower rates of return on investment and faster expansion of upstream capacity led to an imbalance in supply and demand in the sector. Moreover, Europe and the United States launched a “double back” survey of our country, which severely constrained the development of its photovoltaic sector.
3) Long-term: from 2014 to 2018, the Photovoltaic Development Centre gradually moved to China, where the Circular on Volatile Leverage for Healthy Development of the Photovoltaic Industry, the Solar Development 13th Plan and various subsidy measures contributed to the rapid development of the photovoltaic sector. By the end of 2018, China had achieved a total number of photovoltaics.
174.2gw. Close to nine times 19.4gw in 2013. (4) Pari passu period: from 2019 to the present, countries have set carbon emission targets, and clean energy sources have been favoured. Technological advances have led to declining photovoltaic generation costs and industry entering parity.
As the environmental climate issues brought about by global warming gain prominence, “carbon neutrality” has gained broad global attention and support, and many countries and regions have proposed their own carbon neutrality and targets. The development of renewable energy is an important way to achieve the “carbon neutrality” goal, and photovoltaic is the most cost-effective and responsive source of renewable energy.
Global renewable energy installed at 302gw in 2021, with a first breakthrough of half, or 56% of the total. On the other hand, the current share of photovoltaic power in the electricity market is still small in terms of the size of the power generation. Global photovoltaic power supply was only 3.7% of the total electricity supply in 2021.
There is great scope for replacing non-renewable sources of energy with photovoltaic power. Figure 12: Global installed capacity of new renewables in 2021 (gw) Figure 13: Photovoltaic power as a share of total global electricity supply
Over the past decade, as technology has evolved, processes have advanced, and industrial chains have improved, the cost of photovoltaic power has continued to decline rapidly, falling by almost 90% over the decade, from the highest-cost energy to the lowest-cost energy source globally. The rapid decline in the cost of electricity generation has led to the gradual removal of photovoltaic from policy subsidies in countries around the world.
At the policy level, carbon neutral and target countries continue to push for a clean energy transition with their own decarbonization targets; at the market level, the current photovoltaic costs are competitive, and future industrial mitigation efficiency will continue. Policy and market factors determine photovoltaics.
As the cost of photovoltaic power continues to decline, and as countries around the world attach importance and impetus to energy conservation and carbon reduction, photovoltaic machines continue to grow continuously. Global new loaders range from 32gw in 2012 to about 230gw in 2022, and 10 years cagr in 2022.
From 21.8 per cent, the Chinese market accounted for 34.5 per cent of the 10-year capr, which is significantly higher than the global growth rate, and China ' s share of the world ' s photovolts rose from 14 per cent in 2012 to 38 per cent in 2022.
In terms of raw materials, high-quality quartz sands will become a relatively scarce resource as the production capacity of the photovoltaic glass industry expands. Since 2011, the company has had a mining right in the glass-based quartz mining sector 7 of the Lingshan-Khuang Hill mine in Phoenix County, with a storage capacity of about 18 million tons.
In February 2022, the company acquired 100% of the shares in the An Xiangyang mining and the Trio mining sector at a cost of $3.34 billion, with a reserve of 2084/37.45 million tons respectively. By the end of 2022, the expansion of the size of the mining industry had been completed.
In August 2022, the company competed at $3.38 billion to acquire the right to mine the 13th British Rock Mine for the glass stone in the Lingshan-Kai Hill mine in Fengyang County, with a reserve of approximately 11,701 million tons.The company pre-positioned mining rights for the raw material quarries, which would guarantee security in the supply chain and stability in the price of the raw material, and in some cases, the price of the raw material was stable.
With regard to energy supply, the company holds a stock of 35.0% and a 4.5% share of gas, and the chairman, Mr. Nguyen Hong Liang, and his deputy general manager, Mr. Zhao Xiaofei, hold senior management positions in both gas companies.
In addition to the company’s strong growth targets, large-scale kiln capacity will be actively deployed in the future, reducing unit energy consumption and increasing the production rate, thereby reducing production costs and sustaining the consolidation of the industry’s headlines.
The annual melting of the kiln from the fund-raising project “Proposal of 900,000 tons of photovoltaic assembly glass per year” is about 20% lower than the original production line. The 2022 debt-transferable project “Producing 750,000 tons of solar energy per year”, which equips the kiln with ultra thin ultra-high panels, is 1,200 tons of raw materials and energy required.
Consumption has declined, and the ratio of slashed and undesirable goods is expected to decline further as single-line size rises. Through effective control over raw materials and energy costs, the company’s gross glass operations remain in the first echelon, with a Maori advantage of over 5% over the second echelon.
In 2022, the average price of the sale of photovoltaic glass dropped and the raw material price increased, and the company’s gross margin of light glass was placed on short-term pressure. Since 2023, as the price of silicon led to the profitable repair of the components, the utilization rate in the light glass industry is expected to increase; and the raw material base and gas prices were folded to achieve a self-supplied light glass industry.
Future companies will continue to study and explore formulas and production techniques around the light and higher exposures of existing dominant products, based on market demand for dichotomy and thinning components.
The light rate, better spectrometry matching, and greater dampness are effective in helping the photovoltile component to reduce its efficiency. Float glass: corporate floating glass refers to floating glass sheets, which use high-quality quartz sands, pure alkalis, white clouds, etc. raw materials, melted with high-temperature kilns, and formed glass fluids spread evenly over the metal fluids.
(b) Belts, a transparent flat glass cut by fire. The floating glass is evenly thick, has high surface flatness, and should be widely used. Part of the product is used as raw material for the company to produce various household glass, engineering glass, and part is sold directly to other deep-processors and wholesalers, mainly for direct sales to customers, supported by traders.
In 2022, corporate floating glass earned $340 million, or 15 per cent of the year. The Māori rate was 20.3 per cent, corresponding to 59.1 pcts, mainly due to a substantial increase in the price of pure alkaline and natural gas; 201,000 tons, or +15 per cent, were sold throughout the year.
and engineering glass. Engineering glass products consist mainly of steel glass, low-e glass, medium-space energy-efficient glass, laminated glass, and composite products of the above-mentioned glass, mainly custom-made products, and therefore are sold in direct sale mode in figure 42: An energy-efficient glass process in engineering
Home glass products consist mainly of mirror products for decoration, steel glass for cabinet doors and slabs, and other types of glass for household use, mainly for sale, with the main customers being IKEA and IKEA.
From 2023, there will be an easing of market supply and increased corporate competition in the light glass industry. The company’s high-size kiln expansion has been steadily increasing, and the Maori rate is expected to improve marginally and stabilize with the help of platinum sand.
On the basis of the above-mentioned major operating income and Māori projections, our current costs, tax rates, dividends are calculated using the fcff valuation method on the basis of the following main assumptions.
The absolute valuation method is sensitive to wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation.Relative valuation: $34.2-36.6 The company's main business is photovoltaic glass, engineering glass, household glass, floating glass and mining products, and we choose.
The main business is also a light glass-based Amazon and a new company with comparable capabilities. Taking into account Fullet, the author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial, and not subject to any third party’s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.