The q3 platform ' s declining trade volume has slowed its performance, retail gas has grown robustly, and the New Olympic shares (600803.sh) The decline in corporate core profits in the first three quarters of 2024 has been largely driven by the scale of profits from overseas lang trade.
The q3 company ' s retail gas volume continues to be repaired on a year-on-year basis, but is subject to a fall in the price of platform-trading gas and a fall in the company ' s q3 core profits on a ring-on-year basis. 1) Retail gas: retail gas volume continues to be repaired on a year-on-year basis, with business gas increasing faster.
The quarterly retail sales of corporate gas increased by 4.8 per cent from 18.8 billion to 4.8 per cent, with business gas volume rising by 3.4 per cent to 3.4 per cent to 2024q3 with significant repairs and further declines in retail gas sales, as well as continued downstream prices, resulting in an improvement in the price differentials.
The company ' s transient receiving station was 1.73 million tons, an increase of 33.1 per cent over the previous three quarters, with an increase of 21.4 per cent over the previous three quarters of 29,668 million kilowatt-hours, of which o3 achieved an increase of 13.3 per cent over the previous three quarters of 9,928 million kilowatt-hours.
Looking ahead, in 2024, we will benefit from an improvement in the gross gains from a fall in upstream gas prices and a sustained downward boom, with a build-up of gas sales repair, and a potential increase in the profitability of company retail gas operations; platform trading gas operations are expected to grow at a high rate as domestic downstream customers expand rapidly. In the long run, we recognize that
The opening of a national price-conservancy policy is expected to lead to reasonable and stable price differentials for urban combustion companies, energy transitions, a moderate increase in the volume of gas sold and a steady increase in the retail gas industry of companies, and company parity with the gradual release of offshore low-priced COA gas sources from upstream in 2025-2028 and the rapid expansion of downstream markets.
The trade-gas business is expected to grow.
In terms of upstream gas-source costs, oil pipeline gas prices were flat in the middle of the 2024-2025 contract year.
In terms of downstream sales prices, some of our provinces and cities in 2022-2023 have improved and improved their prices from 2022 to 2023.
In 2024, more cities launched a gas-consumption mechanism to channel the increase in the cost of gas purchases by companies and promote further repair of their gross differences. In terms of gas sales, upstream gas prices have fallen, economic recovery and the “double carbon” transition were driven by the domestic economy.
However, gas consumption is expected to increase steadily, as companies, as one of the five major national urban combustion companies, were affected by marketing strategies in 2023, and the volume of retail gas was expected to return to growth in 2024 as companies adjusted their marketing strategies, increased cost and price competitiveness.
High-growth. By 2023, the company had signed nine foreign ministers' agreements with overseas lang suppliers, with a total contract volume of 10.16 million tonnes/year, with a total of 7.4 million tonnes/year for the United States ng supplier. As of 2024h1, the New Olympic Unit
At the same time, the company is in the process of expanding the canoe lng receiving station to match the large increase in the future. The canoe is currently handling 7.5 million tons per year, with the capacity in 2025.
It is expected to rise to 10 million tonnes/year. 3) Three-year red forward commitment plus special distribution plan, with high dividends expected to drive corporate value up.
Volatility, which supports steady and robust growth of profits. Optimized upstream resource pools for retail gas operations, sustained upswings, expected further repair of urban gross fuel differentials, a return to growth in retail gas volume, a prospect for release and a rapid opening of downstream markets, and a potential boost to high growth in direct sales;
Risk factors: lower than expected domestic macroeconomic growth and less than expected increase in natural gas consumption; lower than expected construction of the receiving station project; lower than expected domestic gas prices; combined energy projected profits as core profits
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals, Member of the China Bank of Experts of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chaired the “13th Five”
National coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, 100 topics, June 2016, joined with the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it has been responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunjing, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Heunging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
He has worked for many years in coal mines and has been involved in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to study coal, steel and upstream and downstream fields.
Liu Hong Guang, doctor at Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology of the petrochemical economy, and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed research on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the development of new energy systems in the national ministries.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Programme, which is responsible for major energy research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin, University of Texas, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin.
Three years of experience in industrial research, electricity market transformation, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research, and Xinjiang, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Master of Finance, Southwest University of Finance. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Eisen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, engaged in coal and coal
Li Dong, Master of Arts in Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry, Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. Part of this research is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.