Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2023, which generated business income of $20.18 billion, and increased the speed with which cars were laid and the snow on the long slopes, which were already showing results. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s new energy sources began to grow.
Automobile and smart cabin operations earn $2.28 billion, compared to +55.0 per cent; achieving Māori is a new addition to the country and the sea, with a larger snowy long slope space. From a corporate perspective, controls, dashboards, screens, columns, columns, charge boards, new car glass, power cell structures.
The demand for such products has been rising, cooperation with new domestic and foreign energy sources and traditional luxury car brands has deepened, subsidiaries have been established in North America to open overseas markets, business has been well organized and growing at \triangleright
In the second half of the year, the consumer electronics industry was traditionally active, with a tight release pace.
Business is well organized, and cost-control measures are working well. Companies are the leaders of the consumer electronics sector’s outward-looking innovation, expanding from strong glass to other areas, with glass, metals, plastics, etc.
A matrix of materials for glue, sapphire, ceramics, including mobile phones, cars, smart clothes, computers, homes and homes, and photovoltaics, including apples, Samsung, millet, oppo, vivo, Wah, Glory, Tesla, BMW, Mercedes, Popular, Ideas, Ultra, Biadi's customers.
At the same time, in order to meet the localization needs of its clients, the company has established branches in Changsha, Jia, Taizhou, Shenzhen, Vietnam, Mexico, etc., with a mature business system and greater potential for growth. In addition, the company is controlled through measures to optimize its business structure, upgrade its automation, and increase the efficiency of its research and development.
Significant efficiency gains were achieved with the first half of 2023, when the company management rate was 5.8 per cent, compared with the ratio of \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
Risk factors: Unexpected growth of consumer electronics, risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
Body equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit design, voucher electronics group, joined in November 2022 to study optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc. In September of that year, joined Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., an engineer of the optical machine system, joined the credit card in December 2022.
The securities electronics group, which investigates sophisticated electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment, parts and components, semiconductor processes, etc. The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.