:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance of high growth in agency operations and significant reduction in net profit levels relative to the sales of new crown vaccines
Corporate operating income increased on a year-on-year basis, but net profits fell on a year-on-year basis. Business income increased on a year-on-year basis by $16.68 billion, or 134.44 per cent, on a year-on-year basis; net profits fell on a year-on-year basis by a higher percentage of proceeds from the sale of new crown vaccines, with significant domestic and foreign vaccinations in the first half of 2022.
The corresponding sales volume of the new crown vaccine and its sales revenue have fallen sharply in total revenue; 2) agency costs have increased faster than revenue and the Māori rate has fallen; 3) Māori rates and net interest rates for 2020 for R & D of 388 million crown vaccines are assumed to be higher.
In the first half of the year, bulk issuances increased better than in the same period last year, with significant increases in major varieties.
The four-priced Hpv vaccine was issued for 4.87 million, an increase of 60 per cent over the same period; the nine-priced Hpv vaccine was issued for 9.29 million, an increase of 380 per cent over the same period; the five-priced rotational vaccine was issued for 4.86 million, and the 1.
A 29 per cent increase over the same year; an increase of 108 per cent over the same period in the issuance of a 23-priced vaccine for pneumonia; an increase of 108 per cent over the same year in the reconstitution of the new coronary virus protein vaccine, which was approved with a code; an increase of 100 per cent over the same year in the issuance of 127,000 live hepatitis A vaccine.
In the second half of the year, the renewal of the agreement between the company and Mercerton Agency is worth building a second growth curve of 2022-02.
Concerned that, if the renewal process goes well, the agent product extension operation will continue to contribute to the Division’s high-growth cash flow over the next three years. Income from the study of conventional products has steadily increased, and microcards are expected to be released in the second half of the year
In the first half of the year, the company earned $1.667 billion from the sale of its own products, with a Māori rate of 85.22 per cent (year-on-year +24.85 pct, an increase in the share of conventional products whose Māori ratio is higher than that of the new crown vaccine), and estimated that the revenue from the sale of the new crown vaccine was more than 20 per cent higher than that of the same year.
The company's self-research product consists of a microcard and a brain vaccine series. In this case, the brain vaccine series has fallen by the same amount: 1.76 million doses of 4 cerebral glucose vaccines, 610,000 cerebral glucose vaccines, an increase of 100 per cent over the same period.
The company's injection of cow branch bacterium (McC) is used to prevent tuberculosis among people who are infected by bacterium bacterium tuberculosis, and can also be used as a co-medication drug for the treatment of tuberculosis.
The system of screening-prevention-treatment of tuberculosis infections has been developed in conjunction with the test product Iyka. As at the end of the six-month period, micro-cards and Iyka have been placed online in more than 87% of provincial units in the mainland region of the country, and micro-card products are expected to be released in the second half of the year to boost the growth of conventional autonomous products.
During the first half of the year, the company made progress in the clinical phase of its research product: restructuring the new coronary virus protein vaccine (cho cell) to be marketed as a step-by-step booster needle; 23-priced pneumococcal ball.
The application for production registration for multi-sugar vaccine was accepted; the rabies vaccine (mrc-5 spun) and the four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine were obtained from the iii clinical trial summary report; in addition, the company ' s influenza virus fission vaccine completed the clinical trial, 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine,4
In the future, the company will continue to develop rapidly in the pipeline, the advantages of the company's marketing team, and the long-term growth that the heavy weight of the product in the next few years will bring to the market, and we will maintain the "buy-in" rating.
The market spreads less than expected risks; changes in the epidemic affect the company’s normal operations; clinical risks are less advanced than expected; and risks of agency renewal fail, among others. Contact person: Ren Xiao, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research in the bioproducts industry (vaccinators + blood products).
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.