Wie-chul Wang's agent's product has grown dramatically, and the new crown vaccine business has fallen.
The Hpv vaccine has grown significantly and the level of income from the new crown has fallen: (1) the proxy product has been partially financed by 1.68 billion yuan, an increase of 134.4 per cent over the same period, mainly as the supply of Hpv vaccines in China increased in Mossatung in 2022, and the sales of Hpv vaccines by agents of companies have increased significantly, according to wholesale distribution data.
Ten thousand (yoy+60.1%) and a further 4.86 million (yoy+28.9%) have been issued with 5-priced rotavirus vaccines. Vaccinations have increased and this year, as vaccination coverage has increased, the number of vaccinations has fallen (as of 9 August, 31 provinces and municipalities had accumulated more than 3.4 billion doses of the new crown vaccine, all-round coverage).
With 1.270 billion people, 820 million more immunizations, 90 per cent coverage and 58 per cent coverage, respectively), we measured the company ' s share of the 22h1 new crown vaccine at $750 million (5.31 billion over the same period last year), while the company ' s conventional autonomous products continued to grow rapidly and achieve camping.
With a product portfolio of 920 million yuan, yoy+26.0 per cent, micro-cards and Iyka, currently developed autonomously, have been placed online in more than 87 per cent of the continent's audit units and are expected to contribute to further growth of autonomous products.
The increase in the Māori rate and the lower cost of scaling up: the company ' s combined Māori rate of 22h1 was 33.5 per cent, a 24.9 percentage point decline compared to the same period, in the form of a decline in the share of the new crown vaccine income, on the one hand, and an increase in the cost of the 9-priced Hpv vaccine, on the other hand, due to exchange rate changes in proxy products and higher cost of Hpv vaccine receipts, on the other hand, on the other hand,
The Māori rate for the business sector decreased by 16.8 per cent over the same period, which also affected overall Māori performance. The company ' s cost for the period 22H1 was 8.3 per cent, a decrease of 1.1 percentage points over the same period, mainly under the cost of sales 28 autonomous R&D projects, 15 clinical and declared projects and abundant product lines.
The company’s new crown, the second-generation seedlings, zf2202 (imiccron-delta embedded vaccine), has passed a previous research certificate showing good safety and effectiveness, with a higher moderate and antibody drop-down for the current mainstream micronba.4/5 variant. The rest of the company’s autonomous product development is also under way.
23-priced multi-sugar vaccine for pneumocococcals accepted for production registration, 4-priced vaccine for rabies (mrc-5 cells) and 4-price influenza virus fission obtained a iii clinical trial summary report, 15-priced vaccine for pneumococcal combinations, and vero-cell vaccine for rabies (Vero cells) for dysentery
During the iii period, the company’s future performance grew with sufficient momentum. Profit predictions and investment proposals: given the current vaccination of the new crown, we revised down the company’s previous valuations to be reasonable, and we maintained a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose.