The first half of 2022 met expectations, with a significant increase in the Hpv vaccine, the smart-flying organisms (300122) incident: in recent days, the company published its 2022nd-a-half-yearly report, and 2022h1 achieved revenues of $18,354 million.
Roughly $1.813 billion, a decline of 60.24 per cent over the same period, the sale of a new vaccine recommenced by the corporate generation fell significantly over the same period of the year, while the company ' s upgrading and replacement of the new vaccine accelerated its research campaign, and the company ' s non-new crown ' s conventional product business continued to grow robustly. Accounts receivable for the first half of the year 2022
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s own product achieved revenues of $1.667 billion, a 72.4 per cent decline over the same period.
The Hpv vaccine has grown significantly and is profitable. In the first half of 2022, the 4-price Hpv \triangleright vaccine achieved 4.88 million batches, a 60.1 per cent increase compared to the same year, and the 9-price Hpv vaccine was issued.
9.3 million, or 37.79.34 per cent, over the same period, and 4.86 million, or 28.91 per cent, over the same year, for the five-priced rotavirus vaccine, and 1.02 million, or 108.29 per cent, over the same year, for the 23-priced pneumonia vaccine, and 1.76 million, or 56.11 per cent, over the same year, for the acyw 135 vaccine,
In the first half of 2022, the company, mainly last year’s new crown vaccine sales disturbance, net interest rates were almost the same as in previous years, the cost of sales, research and development inputs continued to grow, and the development pipeline entered the harvest period. By the end of June, the company had a total of 647
Research and development personnel, 518 million yuan in the first half of 2022, representing 31.08 per cent of the company's own product sales earnings.
:: Development of second-generation seedlings on the (chocellular) development platform zf2202 (imicron-delta embedded cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. vaccine) to demonstrate the good safety and effectiveness of second-generation seedlings through prior studies,
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City has a higher medium- and antibody drop in the current mainstream micronba.4/5 seedlings. 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine has been registered for production, with rabies used by frozen people.
Vaccines (mrc-5 cells), 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine have obtained a iii-stage clinical trial summary report that 15-priced pneumococcus combination vaccine, frozen human rabies vaccine (vero cells), Fuku Songnerian dysentery double-priced vaccine, acyw 135-group cerebral combination vaccine, etc. are in iii
The other 3 products are clinically active, while 4 are clinically active, and more than 10 are in pre-clinical research. To date, the number of company sales personnel has reached 3190, an increase of 25.49% over the same period last year.
The results of the international multi-centre iii clinical trials conducted in 31 clinical centres and 1 national clinical centre in 4 countries in Uzbekistan, Indonesia, Pakistan and Ecuador were officially published in the top international medical academic journal New England Medical Journal.
There are micro-cards in the academic roll-out phase that maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: policy risk, talent management risk, and abnormal reaction risk.
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel in 2021, joined the Sinda Securities and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, vouchers for research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Zhao Xiaoshan, a member of the team, a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 to study the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.