On October 25, 2019, the strategic expansion led to the creation of a new estate. From 2016 to date, the Paulie estates have been consolidated.
Speeding up the investments, the company began a new round of city growth, scale-up, earth storage, and continued expansion of the six main strengths: urban layout, soil abundance, low levels of financing, effectiveness, leadership, management experience, incentives.
The Poly Estate has announced that the first publicly released application material from its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Poly Property Industry (h-stocks), has been accepted by the CSRC. If it goes to the market, I will be able to do so.
They believe that capital market forces will help to speed up the development of the industry. As of April 1919, the Pavli industry had a contractual area of 371 million square metres and a pipeline area of 198 million square metres, and it is expected that in the next 1 to 2 years the corporate contract project will be transformed into a management project, while the average property charge will increase steadily.
The future revenue of the property industry is expected to benefit from a substantial increase in the logic of rising prices. The strong are strong, and it is expected that the industry’s leading market share will increase steadily.
The market share of sales continues to rise by 0.4 percentage points to 2.7 per cent, and in the context of a steady and sustained increase in industry, we expect that Paulie will be able to leverage the advantages of finance, land, layout, etc., to make investment proposals: Paulie estates have been active in recent years, and land reserves are abundant and will be sold to companies in the future.
1. Poly Property (600048): The continued expansion of the property provides a solid foundation.
Incentives have been put in place to promote long-term growth. At the same time, companies have been able to build on strong corporate backgrounds.
Helping companies to acquire brand premiums and low financing costs further improves competitiveness.
The strategic expansion has led to the creation of a new leader in state-owned property, the Paulie Development Holdings Group, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Pauli Estates”, “Pauli” or the Company) holding shares in large central enterprises managed by the China-based Paulie Group, the Paulie Group and the State Council State Property Supervision and Management Committee, and the Government-owned property management system.
Established in 1992 with the approval of the State Council and the Central Military Commission. After more than 20 years of development, Paulie's property is now largely in the making.
Building a platform for the ecological development of real estate based on integrated services and real estate finance. Figure 2: The “one-headed two-wing” development strategy was further upgraded in 2018 by Pavli estate: Real estate investment development remains a firm and dominant business direction for the company, and the company will continue to do so.
Accumulation of rigidity and improved demand, more re-entry into residential properties, higher levels of design and support services; increased focus and depth of cultivation in second-line cities and core urban clusters Real estate finance: corporate cumulative fund management of more than $100 billion, with cumulative investment projects exceeding those in place
150 of them, of which the ISF was repeatedly rated as “China Real Estate Fund Ten.” Integrated services: portfolio management in 131 cities across the country, with combined strength in the top five of the country's property management industries; 65 business management block operating projects, with an area of 2.66 million square metres, accumulated
Starting in 2016, the company began a new process of increasing the number of cities, increasing the size, and replenishing the land. Outside the open market, the company completed the acquisition of Chinese air property in 2016, consolidating the profit-making industry in 2017.
By the end of 2018, the company had entered 100 cities in the country and abroad, with land reserves (including development projects and ongoing projects).
As much as 195 million square metres. Although the company’s share of land sales fell to 21% in the first half of 2019, it was mainly due to the company’s cautious treatment of the land market, its investment in strict compliance with land acquisition criteria, and its full consideration of the project’s rate of return and cash position.
It insists on growth as its top priority, and continues to optimize its resource reserves. The company insists on the urban layout of the “core two-line + the city-wide three-line” and has been developing one or two of the first-line cities and new storage sites since 2013.
The core six advantages are: urban layout, soil storage, low financing, efficiency lead, management experience, incentives.
2.1. Core advantage 1: The urban layout combines two lines with a strong urban circle, with a future company sales of 400 billion dollars in 2018, with 100 cities now under a portfolio of cities. In 2018, corporate single-city sales broke by 4 billion yuan, with a strong capacity to contract in the mainstream housing sector.
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s current urban portfolio is both well-positioned and well-developed. 2.3. Core advantage 3: a good balance is struck between leverage and the cost of financing.
As a leading real estate company, Paulie has a significant advantage in financing. In 2018, the company ' s interest-bearing debt was combined, at about 5.03 per cent, with a similar leverage level, and the financing cost control was significantly better than that of other companies.
Cost control has been effective and profitability has continued to be high. In 2018, the company sold 32.5% of the Māori and 13.4% of the net profit. We used [sales costs + administrative costs)/value of the sales as an indicator of the actual cost of sales.
2.5. Core advantage 5: Management teams are experienced, motivated, brand-conscious, experienced, motivated, and brand-oriented.
Pauly’s long-standing policy orientation. As early as 1998, Paulie’s initial branding awareness was established, establishing the idea that “the development of housing should follow the path of fine goods” and the market positioning of “good property, cultural property.” Figure 17: Paulie’s core management team
Born in 1965, entered the Paulie estate in 1995, worked in 1968, in 1989, born in 1962 and worked for the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
Born in 1960 and worked as a member of the National Defence Science and Technology Council, the Guangzhou Army, and as head of the immediate branch of the Guangdong Audit Office of the Guangzhou State Real Estate Development Corporation.
Office work; former Paulie (Hong Kong) Holdings, Paolin District Seniors, entered Poly Estate Work, 1993
Chief of Staff, Deputy General Manager, Deputy General Secretary
Director of the Paulie Group Real Estates Department, Chief of Staff, Assistant General Manager, Board of Directors and other leading subsidiary leaders, Paulie Group Finances
Rei, General Manager, current Chairman of the company, current Deputy Managing Director of the Holdings of Paulie (Hong Kong), Secretary of Paulie, current Director of the company, Deputy General Manager
Head of Department, Accountant General, Managing Director, current Chairman of our company, Linan Group Limited, Director of Industry, Deputy Managing Director.
Director, Director, General Manager, General Manager, Deputy Chief Economist, Director, Polynam Group, General Manager
2.6. Core Strength 6: Incentives are in place, leading to the creation of a higher level of equity incentives and investments, which are now being implemented by the Paulie estate for the management team, with wide coverage, and incentivization in the firm: the company ' s second equity incentive scheme was considered and adopted by the General Shareholder Conference in 2016 and awarded to the public
Compared to the first equity incentive, this incentive is in number and range: at the end of 2017, the company’s board of directors passed the Bill on the Implementation of Real Estate Projects and Investments, which empowers the management to make rules and implement them.
Participation in and investment in investment structures that are compliant, such as through the requisitioning of dedicated capital management plans or trust schemes, as well as investment gains, gains and benefits and associated risks, are borne by individual investors.
Poly Estates have announced the first publicly released applications for shares outside the Poly Property Industry (h-stock) of its wholly-owned subsidiary. If it goes to the market successfully, we believe that it will speed up the development of the Poly Property Industry with the help of capital market forces. According to the Poly Property Bulletin, the Poly Property Industry generated $4.23 billion in 2018, an increase of 31% over gross profits.
851 million yuan, a 47 per cent increase over the same year; $336 million in net profit, a 50 per cent increase over the same year. In terms of the revenue structure of the preservation industry, revenue from property management, value-added services for non-owners, and community value-added services accounted for 70.5 per cent, 13.3 per cent and 16.2 per cent, respectively.
The Māori rate continued to rise in all three operations: from January to April 2019, the company Māori rate continued to rise to 24.9 per cent.
As of April 2019, the revenue from PSMS amounted to $1,211 million, an increase of 38 per cent over the same period; of these, 84.2 per cent were for projects carried over by PS property, 15.8 per cent for third-party projects, and PSDP projects effectively ensured a steady increase in the company ' s area of management in the future.
There are currently 371 million square metres of contracts for the industry, distributed in 136 municipalities in 27 provinces, municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions: in the management area of 198 million square metres, it is expected that in the next 1 to 2 years the contracts for the industry will be converted into active projects, while the average fees for the administration are steadily rising, and future revenues for the industry are expected to benefit from a substantial increase in the price logic.
The collection rate continues to be high, and the termination of projects is relatively low. The quality of PPM services is fully recognized by the owner, and the collection rate has been maintained at 96% since 2016, while the proportion of the project area terminated has remained at around 1% and remains constant.
3.2. Value-added services for non-owners: relying mainly on case-based co-financing services, as of April 2019, the value-added services for non-owners in the industry had a revenue of $229 million, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period;
(a) The revenue share was low, but the business Māori rate continued to rise, with the January-April 2019 Māori rate of the company 20.4 per cent compared to 2018 relying on case-based marketing activities, and the interest industry also provided design and advisory services to developers and other property management companies;
Community value-added services: the most profitable and community value-added services the most profitable.
Community value-added services revenue in the Pavli industry was $278 million, an increase of 103 per cent from the previous year, up 8 percentage points from the end of 2018;
The rate of urbanization has risen rapidly, with some 80% of the level in the more beautiful, French, German, and Japanese countries still having 20% of the room for improvement. (2) The government is still pushing for a new form of urbanization, which will be boosted by measures such as “farmers entering the city” and “house openings.”
By 2018, the share of the market in the country’s real estate sector had risen to 18%, to 27%, to 27%, and to 45%, with 67% of market sales now coming from Top 100.
New policies, such as signings, and a regulatory period of monthly decline in the sale of merchandise houses, led by leading housing companies, with a significant amount of good land reserves, stronger financing capacity and efficient operating capacity, have led to a sustained increase in sales, which has led to a steady increase in the size and concentration of the industry, and we expect that Paulie will rely on financing, land, and layout.
By 2018, the market share of corporate sales had continued to rise by 0.4 billion, leading the company: among the companies, the sale of Paulie’s property grew at the highest rate, reaching a 40% compound increase in three years, just below China’s Kim Moo, a merchant trader. The company was able to maintain such a significant increase on the basis of sales breaking the 400 billion mark.
5.1. The dividends are generous and accumulated more than the amount of financing available.
:: 26,093 million yuan in equity financing (of which ipo 2,093 million yuan; an increase of 17 billion yuan; and an increase of 7 billion yuan in public revenue).
The company’s strategic deployment of a core of cities, which adheres to deep urban farming and urban expansion, with well-positioned products; management teams that are rich, motivated, brand-minded, corporate incentivized, and driven by strong companies.
The background helps companies to acquire brand premiums and low financing costs and further improve their competitiveness. The scale of sales in the industry has fallen sharply from p-band 1: the overall scale of sales in the industry has declined and home sales return will be difficult. 2) The mortgage lending rate has increased significantly: mortgage lending rates will go up and mortgage repayments will be made by home buyers.
(c) Significant increases, with damage to purchasing power. 3) Real estate policy is significantly tightened: when the policy is significantly tightened, real estate sales will be pressurized, resulting in significant upswings in the financial costs of housing enterprises under the scale of sales: real estate enterprises have a high asset-liability rate, and upscaling capital costs will lead to financial gains
The cost of doing business has increased significantly and has eroded profits, and with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.