A study on the proactive strategy of state enterprise reform to upgrade the scale of launch and industry ranking is expected to increase further on October 31, 2019.
Overall view: Poly property is renamed Paulie Development, and strategic upgrading will lead to a two-fold increase in size and profit. Corporate performance has been growing faster over the years, and is rich in soil and well-positioned regional ideals; and geo-minority.
Increased market-based capacity for off-the-shelf operations has gradually been reflected in a synergistic development pattern, and has gradually emerged as a new growth point in profitability and scale. The pace at which take-home and new jobs have been established in recent years has provided the basis for subsequent growth in the scale of sales.
Companies continue to be regulated by the industry, with sales upscaling and running; and financing costs are more widely available and cost-effective. Incentives and investment are also at the forefront.
The pace of land acquisition and new construction in recent years has been positive in laying the groundwork for further growth. The company has increased in recent years, laying the foundation for further rapid growth.
The growth margin is high. The six-year combined growth rate of net profits on corporate revenue and belongings is 53.28%. The first three quarters also saw a 34% increase in net profits, with pre-receipts on the books having the advantage of having lower financing costs at a steady level of debt ratios.
Incentives are put in place to achieve a higher rate of efficiency gains for shareholders in positive returns. Companies integrate a unique military tourism culture into modern business management, and move ahead with investment and equity incentives in state corporations to reform.
The Shareholder Return Plan 2018-2020 proposes that the annual share of cash should be no less than 30% of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the same year. It is to be expected that a higher share of dividends will continue to be kept in the future.
The strategic upgrade of the real estate platform under China’s flag has led to expectations of an increase in efficiency.
Now internationalized, with more than 100 cities around the world operating. The company’s original name, Poly Property, was upgraded to Pavli Development Consorts Inc. (“Pull Development”) in September 2018, upgrading the “one-headed two-wing” development strategy to “main-wing real estate investment development, integrated services versus no”
While focusing strongly on real-estate development masters, companies are accelerating their ability to market both-wing industries. Strategic upgrading will lead to double growth in size and profitability, corporate-state reforms are continuing, and efficiency gains are expected to be strong.
Property management, sales agents, real estate finance, etc. are among the top sectors, supporting the development of the main sector and gradually creating a multi-industry pattern of co-development that opens up new growth points of scale and profit. At the end of 2018, the company brand value reached 64,241 million yuan, and for nine years in a row, the China Real Estate Industry Leader's brand was ranked as “China Real Estate Billion”.
2. Rapid market growth in sales size continues to rise, with companies contracting 9.01 million square metres of sales annually, rising to 2,242 million square metres by 2017, and five years of compounding.
In 2018, against the backdrop of constant macro-regulations and a slowdown in the size of the industry, the company stomped on the market window and reasonably laid out 77 per cent of sales throughout the year in both the second-line cities and the six major core urban clusters, including the Pearl Triangle, which sold 117 billion dollars, an increase of 24 per cent over the same period last year.
In Guangzhou, 40 billion yuan was contracted, in Fuoshan, Beijing, and in the first instance 10 billion yuan was awarded. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved 2,293.7 million square metres, an increase of 13.29% compared to the previous year’s increase in sales.
Figure 2: Growth of corporate sales in recent years Figure 3: Growth of corporate sales in recent years Figure 4: Changes in corporate market share
3. In recent years, the pace of land acquisition and new construction has been positive in laying the foundation for further scale increases, although declining from 2017, reaching 31.16 million square metres, significantly higher than in other years beyond 2017, and continuing to actively replenish stocks for 112 per cent of the area sold in that year.
At the same time, the company continued to increase the penetration of second-line cities and core urban clusters, with 74 per cent and 61 per cent of the first-line urban expansion in 2018, respectively, and 53 per cent of the additional volume of the third-line city was located in the city clusters of the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle. By the end of 2018, the company had 91.15 million square metres, of which 60 per cent were in the second-line city.
Figure 7: Number of new acquisitions by companies: 2,894 million square metres, an increase of 22.69 per cent over the same period, with new construction continuing at a faster pace. Completion of construction, 2018, 10,000 square metres. Overall, the company has increased significantly in recent years, actively replenishing the volume of resellable goods and increasing its sales for follow-up.
Building the foundations. The completion rate has also increased significantly, leading to expectations of rising settlement performance. Figure 8: Growth of new construction by companies in recent years 4.
The net profits from corporate revenue and belonging also achieved sustained rapid growth, growth aspirations, and continued value creation and returns for shareholders. In 2011, net profits on corporate revenue and belonging were 47 billion and 6,531 million, respectively; net profits on revenue and belonging were achieved in 2017, 32.78 per cent compared with 32.78 per cent; net profits on maternity, 18,904 million yuan, or 20.92 per cent compared with 20.19 per cent in the first half of the year.
Gross operating income rose by 19.48 per cent over the same period, with a net return to the mother of $9,955 million, or 53.28 per cent over the same period. The company ' s performance grew at a satisfactory rate of desirable growth. The net profit to the third quarter rose by 34.08 per cent, and the rate of increase was still 1.96 times higher than the annual year ' s closing income, with a very high level of performance security.
Figure 10: Growth of corporate revenues in recent years
After many years of accumulation, companies have built up diversified models of land resource expansion, creating significant synergies in terms of resource integration through subscriptions, mergers and acquisitions, cooperation, development, retrofitting, integration and industry expansion, acquisition of China-China property development operations under the international flag, implementation and stockpiling of a number of old modifications, city landmarks, thematic parks, niche towns, production.
Of these, 11 projects under China Aviation Industries Group Ltd. were acquired in 2017, and a cumulative total of 20 projects were acquired in 15 cities, including Guangzhou, Nanjing and Chengdu, with an additional planning volume of 9.1 million square metres. 50% of the shares of Paulie (Hong Kong) Holdings Ltd. was acquired in cash to achieve a 50% shareholding in China’s Pauli Group Ltd.
Intra-real estate operations have been consolidated to further expand the area of operations, increase the size of operations and market ownership, and strengthen the industry’s leadership. In 2018, 75 projects were acquired through mergers and acquisitions, cooperative development, upgrading of the old city, and industrial expansion, not to mention 54% and 58% of the year’s expansion.
With regard to regional layouts, the company maintains a focus on second-line cities and core urban clusters, and continues to expand its focus on deep-farming in cities with a focus on such urban clusters as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, Kyoto, Central, Chengjing, and Heissi. Of the areas to be developed, the number of second-line cities is over 60%.
By the end of June 2019, the company had a total planned construction of about 240 million square metres, with a combined total of 104 cities at home and abroad with an area of 11,67 million square metres to be built and an area of 7,618 million square metres to be developed.
One billion square metres, with a contract area of 90.5 million square metres, and an area of about 80 million square metres to be sold and a balance of resources to be sold and settled.
At the same time, companies are focusing on maintaining a robust asset-liability structure that reasonably controls the size of the liability, optimizes the ageing structure, and tightens debt risk. Sales return rates, which have remained above 85% in recent years, are at industry leaders, providing adequate operating cash flow guarantees.
The two-wing business-marketing and synergetic development landscape has gradually been reflected in the company's “one-wing two-wing” development strategy, which, while focusing strongly on real estate development, has accelerated the development of market-based capacity in both-wing industries. Property management, sales agents, real estate finance, etc., are among the top sectors in support of major business development.
At the same time, the multi-industry co-development landscape has evolved, opening up new growth points of scale and profit. The Pavli industry has actively expanded its outreach, covering approximately 370 million square metres of contract management and nearly 200 million square metres of pipeline management, of which about 90 million square metres, or 45 per cent, are in the pipeline.
Property management in the country is the top five. The Pulmonary has submitted to the China Securities Commission and the Hong Kong Federation the first publicly released applications for foreign shares in foreign markets to be listed, the separation of property management operations from the market would facilitate the rapid development of the business, and the enhancement of corporate value as a whole.
In the business sector, Paulie continued to promote strategic cooperation with industry leaders and increased collaboration with external developers, reaching 11 new cities in the first half of 2019, with a cumulative coverage of more than 200 cities and more than 1700 proxy projects, and continued to improve market competitiveness.
By the end of 2018, there were 65 business management block operating projects with an area of 2.66 million square metres, with a cumulative total of 10 outgrowers and 4 hotels. A total of 7 new extension shopping centres, hotels and apartments in the first half of the year 2019 continued to promote branding and manage output in the light of the asset model.
In real-estate finance, there are more than 100 billion yuan in accumulated funds and more than 150 investment projects, of which the ISF has been rated on several occasions as “China Premises 8.
The company integrates a unique military brigade culture into modern corporate governance, establishes a system of decision-making that is clear and scientifically flexible, and, through management mechanisms such as performance appraisals, internal auditing, and organizational oversight, creates effective teams to ensure a more efficient landing of the company. At the same time, the company is constantly refining incentives to engage with the enterprise through equity incentives and staff and investment mechanisms.
The company’s investment and equity incentives are at the forefront of the country’s corporate economy, and the innovation of reforms is becoming more dynamic. In terms of shareholder returns, the company’s share of dividends has remained stable for many years, and the level of dividends has been ahead of the industry for 2015.
The second was the Shareholder Return Plan for 2018-2020, which proposes that annual cash transfers be attributed to the shareholders of listed companies for the year in question.
Overall, Paulie’s property has been renamed Paulie’s development, and strategic upgrading will lead to double growth in size and profitability. Corporate performance has continued to grow faster over the years, and is rich in soil and well-positioned in the region: the market-based capacity of two-wing operations outside the estate has increased, the synergy of the development landscape has gradually emerged, and a new growth point in profit and scale has evolved.
In recent years, companies have built the ground and the pace of new construction to provide the basis for subsequent growth in the scale of sales, with strong leaders and expectations of increasing their rankings. Companies are continuously regulated by the industry, where sales are fast-tracked; and where financing costs are more extensive as a conduit for acquisition and financing of inter-firm projects.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.