Investment rating: Change in buying (first time) and changing patterns in the industry, corporate "unchanged" patterns The center continues to insist on the main thrust of the policy of "stay in the house, strategize in the city" and is expected to slow growth in the industry
In the broad context, the policy approach has entered a “high frequency fine-tuning” period, focusing on both land and finance tools, with a gradual transition to a long-term mechanism: (a) a “two-centre” of the New Deal-Equal Real Estate, with a traditional cycle of “three steady” expectations; and (b) a “three red lines” corresponding to the full range of housing enterprise liabilities.
With this restriction, Huanko can take off the shackles of excellent business conditions, business layout, and sound financial conditions, “with constant change.” It is more “owned” in terms of its own location, sales, and business layout, and so on.
It also avoids being tired of responding to “policy patches” and often changing business strategies, maintaining strategic fixes, and seizing new opportunities and moving away from firm prices as compared to deep 300 trends.
• Main camp operations are in the first row, “soft power” baton “hard power” continues to lead, and the industry has largely eliminated the “black horse” of the bends after the introduction of the “three red lines” and “two concentration” policies, with an interest of about 61 per cent. Of this, 86.6 per cent of the investment is in priority urban clusters and is in the process of building regulations.
(b) Sales end: sales in 43 cities ranked third in 2020, with a market share of 4.03 per cent, and in a number of hot spots such as Shanghai, Beijing, Hangzhou, Chengdu, Wuhan and others.
(c) Financial endpoint: by the end of 2020, the net corporate liability rate had fallen to 18.1 per cent, interest-bearing requirements, companies had met both the net liability rate and the cash short debt ratio, the asset liability rate was only 0.4 per cent below the green line, and the overall leverage level was low in the industry, largely as a result of the industry leading.
Credit ratings and very low financing costs. • Business city strategies are deepened, diversification works with the main industry to achieve a “bringing on fire, scattering on stars”
A shift from a “back-up” of “hard power” to a “life service” of “soft power”. A forward-looking layout. A diversified business that gives Huanko the choice of a second track. Property, commerce and logistics build the moats by virtue of their development advantages, all of which are at the forefront of each track, with $11.45 billion each.
The long-lease apartment business has benefited from a short-term heavy-pound policy, with an optimistic valuation of $5.37 billion and a conservative valuation of $3.46 billion. Taken together, in conjunction with the nav valuation of the main business, the company insists on a strategic transformation of “urban and rural construction and life service providers” with adequate and well-structured soil storage resources.
Pre-arranged tods and city upgrades to cope with fluctuations in the land market. Country corporate background + industry leader dual attributes, finance costs for support companies are better in the industry. In the larger context of the slowdown in industry growth, companies combine their diversified business with their main business, with synergies.
Real estate regulation policies have become more stringent, funding has been significantly tightened, real estate sales and sales have fallen short of the expected 1 development end performance, and the first 3 camps have remained stable at a steady rate of 1.1: they have grown steadily and are largely well-oriented and are well advanced in four major urban clusters.
Corporate performance as a whole is largely positive, with a steady growth rate of three years in a row. For the first time since 2016, the company has been on the Fortune World 500 list for six consecutive years, ranking 160th in 2020, and the valley, with a smaller recovery rate in 2020 from the new crown pneumonia epidemic, reflects the firm’s robust track record.
Camp style. Development business is still at the top of 95.5 per cent of the company ' s income contribution, and the property sector still achieves annual sales of $704.15 billion, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the previous year, while maintaining double-digit growth during the epidemic is not easy.
In 2020, China became the only major global economy with positive growth. With a 3.9% decline in total social retail sales of consumer goods, fixed capital investment grew by 2.9%, with 7% growth in investment in real estate development and 27.3% in fixed assets.
The need for disease prevention and control, the highest percentage of residents in their homes, including home ownership and rental housing, and stay in their homes for one year, has led to a completely new “residence needs”, such as the need for office accommodation, the need for quality goods, socialization within a community of 1 km, retail demand, the need for great health, the emergence of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
It is good news for Vanko, who is “a band” to do good products and good services, and whose competitiveness, analysis, and sensitivity are at the forefront of the industry. For example, at the 2020 Vanko performance fair, the chairman of the board luminously shared the results of the Vanko’s research on changes in the taste of the crowd.
According to the data, 7 per cent of clients believe that their time at home has increased and therefore their need for residential space has changed considerably; 90 per cent of customers have a need for home-based office, which has created new requirements for home-based space arrangements and placement; 74 per cent of clients have a need for fitness; 83 per cent of customers want physical fitness and sports facilities in the community; and 58 per cent of customers believe that they have a community-based environment.
One kilometre of community support becomes a basic need, and community commercial support is more important than household-type North-South penetration. 1.2 Sales: Post-influenza resilience is higher, industrial concentration is faster, post-infection housing sales are faster, and industrial concentration is faster.
The share is about 4.03%, maintaining steady levels for many years, and the concentration of industry to 20% rose from 25.2% in 2016 to 41.0% in 2020. In the context of market expansion, Huanko has remained stable in the first three camps, thanks mainly to the accumulated advantages of size, brand recognition, and a focus on science management over time.
In terms of sales in priority cities, the dominant position of Vanko in the industry has remained unchanged. 1) In total, the number of sales in 43 cities is three and the market rate is 4.03%. 2) The difference between the leading cities is that Huanco has the highest rate of sales in 23 cities, including Shanghai, Chengdu, Suzhou, Xi'an, Hoy Fat, Fuku.
State, Nanchang, Shenyang, Changchun, Dalian, Dongzhou, Nakayama, etc., ranked second in 14 municipalities, including Tianjin, Nanjing, Ningbo, Zhengzhou, Wuxi, Kunming, and third in 6 municipalities, including Beijing, Hang, Guangzhou, Chongqing, Guiyang, and Jinzhou.
In the context of the tightening of real estate policy and the impact of the new crown epidemic, Vanko is still “dominant” in several cities. In 2020, as a result of the epidemic and policy regulation, Vanko maintained a rising market in Shanghai alone in the first line of cities, with a decline in Beijing's share but a ranking.
Shenzhen is a major contributor to the decline in rankings from 32.8 billion in 2019 to 6.35 billion in 2020. The main reasons for the overall decline in the number of first-line cities were: (a) 2019 was a year of digestion of the value of the goods, resulting in a shortage of supplies in 2020; and (b) 2020 was a year of structural adjustment of the value of the goods.
For reasons such as purchase restrictions, Vanko has turned to the development of second-line cities with a high rate of decolonization and less stringent policies, such as Chengdu, the Year ' s Crashing and Pauly ' s city position in Beijing has fallen by 6 and 11, respectively, and in Suzhou by 20 and more, with the exception of China and China.
Huo Yun and Kim have secured the base in the second-line urban area of the long triangle, and the ranking of individual cities and cities has increased significantly since 2019. Chart 7 sells in key cities in 2019 (millions of yuan)
Figure 6 Company sales in key cities in 2020 (millions of yuan); statistics on sales of merchandise houses only, including general housing and hotels
(c) Statistics of sales of merchandise houses only, including general residential and hotel apartments, excluding commerce, office, housing, etc.; records of premises without tin, not including commerce, office, housing, etc.; and records of houses without tin.
Including Jiangyang, Yi-Hing and unrecorded data; Chongqing counting only the nine districts of the main city, including Jiangyang, Yi-hing and unrecorded data; Chongqing accounting only for the nine districts of the main city.
Data on sales of merchandise houses, including general residential and hotel apartments, not including commerce, office, housing, etc.; Suzhou alone, for sales purposes and the rest of the cities, for full-calibre sales; data on the registration of houses without tin and merchandise houses does not include data on Jiangyang, Ei-Hing and unrecorded; Chongqing statistics only on the 9th district of the main city
Data on the sale of merchandise houses, including general residential and hotel apartments, which do not include commerce, office, housing, etc.; Suzhou alone, which is selling equity, while the rest of the cities are selling full-calibre market rates; data on the registration of houses in tinless merchandise houses does not include data on Jiangyang, Xing and unrecorded; Chongqing is counting only the main city ' s 9th district; the ranking >10 or >20 times, if no more than 5 changes are recorded
In the future, because of the Government's insistence on maintaining a “shelter-free” and a “stable house price, a steady ground price, a firm expectation”, headhold companies are conservative about their sales expectations for 2021, with a relatively bright 12.7% increase in the target for Huanko. The growth rate of sales targets mentioned by mainstream home firms in the company's annual reports and company announcements is known, and 1) the country's citizens retreated.
In contrast, private companies are pessimistic about the overall moderate growth rate of sales targets, the larger ones are relatively optimistic, and the newcomers are relatively pessimistic. For example, Vanko and Letop3 are growing at a consistent rate of 6.6% and Beguile.
The country’s citizens vary considerably in terms of the expected increase in sales targets, as the more optimistic lake gives 14.6% of the target growth rate, and the strength gives 8.1% of the target increase, but the new city’s holdings indicate only 3.1% of the target increase. And the target increase is above 10%.
In the head of the company, Vanko has more scope for raising sales than in this sector, and because Vanko has no cooperation projects.
Indirectly reducing the on-the-table liability to meet the needs of the three red lines, it can be judged that, in the future, it will be increasingly difficult to obtain better soil reserves, thereby reducing the proportion of cooperative projects and thus increasing the equity ratio.
1.3 Profit: Under pressure of the lead industry, “both internal and external” or sustained recovery of the industry's Māori ratio is being explored, and the post-Hanco net interest rate is expected to be restored. In 2020, the total Māori rate was 29.3 per cent and the net interest rate was 14.2 per cent, down 7.0 pct and 0.8 pct, respectively.
This is due to: 1) the macro-environment has led to a substantial increase in the cost of real estate development operations of 26.2 per cent over the same period, which has gone far beyond the 13.8 per cent increase in real estate development revenues; 2) the high land premium in 2017 - 2018 due to high market enthusiasm, where land conversion values are concentrated in the 2020 closing cycle, which coincides with a high rate of implementation.
At a later stage, the overall net interest rate of Huanko is expected to be repaired because: 1) the cost of sales is expected to fall after the epidemic. As a result of the new coronary epidemic, sales costs in the “triple fee” increased by 17.6% compared to 17.6%, and the epidemic has catalyzed head developers.
Starting to invest heavily in expanding the web distribution channels, such as various marketing types of apps and micro-procedures to capture private-area flows. According to financial accounts, 30% is estimated to be an online marketing ceiling, and private-area flows are expected to fall from public-year sales costs when they reach the 30% threshold.) The decline in the heat of land markets in 2019 was marked by a trade-off in floor prices and liquidity.
Some of the low-cost dwellings will be marketed, and sales in 2021 in the second-line cities of the 10,000 silos and in the major cities of the three- and-four-line cities will be more intense, with a high rate of decolonization, a guaranteed rate of return, and the Māori rate of development operations will be restored.) Property management operations will increase with the completion of development operations.
Increases in the mitigating effects of scale effects, combined with technological efficiency gains based on precipitation, will enable this component to become the Māori and Māori ratio for real estate operations in Figure 16 and Māori and Māori rates for property management in Figure 17
2 earth reserves are “large grains, high walls”, competition for “two concentrates” increases, 2.1 earth reserves go hand-in-hand with volume, and the opportunity to reconfigure the bottom of the merger to recreate the quality, quantity, and concentration features of the 10,000 earth reserves.
Over the last three years, development needs have been achieved. The total planned size of the new acquisition project is 3,366.5 million square metres, of which 2.0588 million square metres have been built, with a total equity value of $13.815 billion, representing about 20 per cent of the sales value and 63 per cent of the acquisitions; the average land value of the newly acquired project is $67.10 per square metre, representing about the average sales price.
The sub-region's land rights ranged from 35% in Shanghai, 14% in the South, 20% in the North, 14% in the Midwest, and 7% in the North-West. 2) The layout of the urban focus groups, Huanko. 86.6% of the new acquisitions in 2020 were in the urban focus groups.
The three major urban communities outside the capital went to the top 10 in 2020, of which Hong Kong Australasia received $30.2 billion in land deposits, second only to Poliche; the Long Triangle received $55.1 billion, fourth place; and the Western Central region received 280, ninth place.
The average land price has increased not from a fire in the land market, but rather from Vanko’s initiative to improve the layout of the land, increasing the proportion of priority cities.
Figure 20202020Top10 Houses in Kyoto, figure 212020Top10 Houses in Midwest, k.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.
W.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w 12hether.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.r.
Chang, you've got a sex study. X-toothotal.
Pine Peaches x#no.t whateh
Figure 22 New construction surfaces of companies for the last five years and the same rate of increase
The Global Innovation Index Report for the first time combined Shenzhen, Guangzhou, and Hong Kong into the “Hin Shenzhen-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong Innovation Cluster” and ranked second in the world in the science and technology cluster, with the number of international patent applications and scientific publications as core indicators of evaluation. The launch of the Hong Kong Development Planning Framework for the Australasia Bay Region also provided significant incentives for home ownership.
In 2020, 7,838 million square metres of land were transferred to cities in the Great Bay region, representing an increase of 41.1 per cent in comparison with the previous year, of which 2,78 million square metres or 3.55 per cent were located in Vankona. By the end of 2020, Huanko had completed the construction of urban plans in the Great Bay region in the order of 8.3558 million square metres in Foshan, 74.77 million square metres in Guangzhou, 6.3215 million square metres in the east and Shenzhen.
5.74 million square metres, 2,317,000 square metres in central mountains, 2,025,000 square metres in Huezhou, 1669 million square metres in the Pearl Sea and Jiangmen
At the end of the 20-year period, Yangzhou and Lagoon completed 20-year-olds, the completion of 20-year-olds and reserves for 20-year-old long-triangular regional integration were robustly accelerated, 10,000-year investments were well-paced, the sea was kept at its core, and the urban system surrounding the metropolitan rim was focused.
It will be fruitful, and further regional advantage in the context of the domestic economic cycle and the domestic and international double-cycle growth engine. In 2020, the three provinces of the Long Triangle completed a total investment of 3.6 trillion yuan in real estate development, accounting for 25.7% of the country’s total investment, including the central cities represented by the Sea, Hangzhou, Nanjing, and the compost, and Ningbo, Xu.
By the end of 2020, Huanko had a strong recovery in the second-line cities represented by the states of Xin and Yang. By the end of 2020, 7,511,000 square metres of urban planning coverage had been constructed in Shanghai, 499,000 square metres in Hang County, 499,000 square metres in Ningbo, 4891,000 square metres in Wenzhou, 4.92 million square metres in Kahem, 2.78 million square metres in Shaochen.
Pingmi, Taizhou 2,145,000 square metres, Kimhua 2.129 million square metres, Nanjing 2.119 million square metres, Suzhou 1.942 million square metres, tin-free 1.81 million square metres, Changzhou 1.94 million square metres, South China 12.36 million square metres, township 801,000 square metres, Salt City 661,000 square metres and fertilizer 394,000 square metres.
Based on the projections of the Shell Institute, the overall stock market was close to the 2020 water level in 2021, with a modest increase in the same amount, influenced by policy regulation, with prices shrinking from 7% to about 5% of the same price increase. Viewed in different urban clusters, the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle region remained “as the red fried chicken,” the Pearl Triangle of December 2020.
The long-triangular city conglomerate index is 47, 46, representing the market climate, and the conglomerate index is 19 and 16, respectively, representing the market's low. Given the high heat in the Hong Kong Bay region and Long Triangular city markets in the existing earth storage depots of Huanko, it appears that there may be expectations of a tightening of policies to increase the price of narrow houses.
But the rate of decolonization in the region is impressive, and in 2021, in the context of the increased fragmentation and stocking of the city's internal markets, Huanko will gain sufficient advantages: Chuan, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuhan, Xian, Smokey, Changsha, Zhengzhou, Chongqing, Changchun, Kunming, Nanchang, Ningbo, Harbin, Nantong, Hye County, Shoya, Nakayama, Tai.
In 2017, following the acquisition of the Volkswagen 55.1 billion asset packs and the July 2020 strategic investment in Taewok, Huanko won and won.
In the first half of 2021, a number of high-quality projects in blue-light real estate and Happily Huaxia in Nanjing were acquired.
Degradation rate and repayment speed, and therefore success in the “crowding.” 2.2 The “two concentration” accelerates the shuffling of cards and weakens the volatility of the industrial cycle.
(b) The personal deployment of the Secretary of the Party of the Ministry of Resources to follow up on the implementation of the measures proposed for the disclosure of information on residential land, the increase in the number of rental land, the simultaneous transfer of “two-centre” land, etc.;
The fourteen five-year plan and the proposal for a vision for 2035 state that “houses are used for housing, not for fumigating purposes, rents and acquisitions, and policies to promote the smooth and healthy development of the real estate market.
Housing, improvement of the long-term rental housing policy, expansion of the supply of secure rental housing.” The “two-centre” policy refers specifically to the simultaneous “two-centre” public transfer for 22 priority cities, where a concession announcement is issued: in principle, the issuance of a concession notice should not exceed three times a year, time intervals and the number of plots
When the first announcement is made, the time-series for the publication of the annual bulletin shall be published; (2) the concession shall be organized in a centralized manner: if the land given in the same declaration is traded by way of a listing, a common date shall be set for the starting and ending of the listing; and the auction shall be completed in a continuous centralized manner if the transaction is made by the auction party.
The policy implications for the development cycle of the real estate sector are significant, but varied across cycles, and the current policy is being adjusted with high frequency so that the cycle can be ironed out, as follows: 1) The short-term regulatory focus is on “leveraging”, including leveraging from both demand and home start, and the corresponding policies include “three red lines” on “priority management” and “four limits” on lending concentration.
Policies, etc.; 2) Long-term mechanisms will increase the availability of land in hotspot cities and introduce a more rational soil-based policy to cool the land market. The city is divided into rigid and flexible cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Ningbo,
Chengdu, Chengzhou, Changsha, Jinan, and Xiamen are the cities of rigid price limits, and Tianjin, Su, Tin-free, Fatty, Chongqing, Wuhan, Qingjia, Fu, Shenyang, and Changchun are the cities of flexible price limits. The first “two-centre” of “two-centre” policies are presented in figure 31, which is worth noting the following four points:
1) The new rules of filming in the cities continue the style of “Ing City policy, one city, one city” in which cities in the latter order tend to learn the new rules of good cities, as well as the phenomenon of “crowding” in the popular cities of non-22 cities, as explicitly stated in the “330” New Deal of Xian, which states that “the land for housing is published on a quarterly basis.
Let's make a public announcement and organize a public concession of State-owned construction land. The first round of land will consist of 20 parcels of land, including 9 settlement plots, 1 communally owned land, 1 commercial land, 2 public rental housing, and fewer real estate.
2. The competition for “marking”, which is mentioned in all cities except Chongqing, Shenyang, Wuhan and Qingjia, such as Hangzhou, which provides that “the highest price shall be set for land except for the rental of talent, which shall be used for the construction and maintenance of old services”; the “two-centenary” of the new government, for example, in Shanghai, where the time spent on the ground has been reduced:
Add the “one-time rule” on the basis of the competitive price limit: to set the starting price of the plot, suspend the price and the maximum price. (b) To emphasize the “same applicant” rule on the basis of the continuation of the original financial certificate: the same applicant can only make one transaction (including a joint application) and close the gap in the use of the horse armor by the homeowner for participation in the ground auction.
c) Strengthen compliance controls to prevent the phenomenon of “marginalization”. 3) New rules are generally stricter in rigidly priced cities than in flexible ones, which focus more on “limited prices”, and flexible cities focus more on the details of the threshold of a competitor, deposit payments, etc.
Changchun is the only company that requires a competitor to be the top 500 in the wealth world in 2020 or to have real control; Beijing is the toughest of nine cities in a rigidly priced city, and Beijing first introduced a price-guiding mechanism for the sale of houses to give up all the land.
4. The remaining policies, in conjunction with the “two-centre” new rules, form a combination of the “three-story” goal, and the effective mechanisms for real estate regulation, with home, land, finance, fiscal policy and market behaviour regulation as policy instruments: (a) “four-limit” coverage, i.e., limited purchase, price, limited sales, restricted loans, and common regulation of buildings
Basic instruments, followed by 24 cities such as Shanghai, Xian and Hoon Fat; (b) generalization of second-hand house pricing policies as a means of market regulation, with seven cities represented by Beijing, Shanghai and Chengdu, and the Landing of the Rules for the Implementation of Shared Titled Housing Transactions in Nanjing City, which provide for first-time purchase by common owners
For five years, the purchase of title is marketable, and the share of property is used as a supplement to the management of the building, generally in combination with the use of a guaranteed home such as an edible house, a talent house, all of which will be combined with a flat with a flat with a price limit and will be consolidated as a shared property; (d) banks will manage second-hand houses for the second half of the year as a result of the concentration of loans
Instead of suspending or stopping second-hand mortgages, the banks have become more difficult to qualify for mortgages because of the tightness of the loans, and some of the mortgage clearances have been extended. As city-controlled killers, they directly lock in the second-hand house trading liquidity.
In the first round of the “two pools” the Vankos performed well: 4.65 million square metres of land, ranked second, and 40.2 billion gross, ranked fourth. The Vankos have fallen in many cities, with an average investment of around 2.5 billion. In this first round, more than 10 cities and more have a layout.
Unlike some local firms, which are forced to choose a desperate strategy in the “two pools” of supply areas, where there are other options such as mergers and acquisitions, city renewals, etc., it is possible to ensure that the project is sufficiently profitable.
The first five cities in the first round of the “two-centenary” ranking of plots were Wuhan $5 billion, Nanjing $4.6 billion, Jinan $4.3 billion, Zhengzhou $4 billion, and Shenyang $3.4 billion. Huanco managed to avoid Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen 4 major cities and Fat, Xiamen two hot cities, bottom.
The gas comes mainly from the original mass, quantity and diversity of the earth's reserves and land grabs.
1) The New Deal has had a remarkable effect, with a reduced urban profit margin that is more flexible. With the implementation of the “two-centre” policy in 2021, 50% of the city's profit space has been drastically reduced, thus testing the combined capacity of housing firms, brand premium rates, high turnover rates, and financial costs, such as Vanko's size of head-house companies in this area.
Small and medium-sized housing firms in the layouts have a clear “crowding effect”.2 The government has allowed the price to be steady, and the “smelting” of Xiaosu has increased the uncertainty of the land.
The State representative project net profit margin estimates are 24.6% and 12.4%, respectively, far greater than the open-ended bid rule or simply transferred to a “competitively owned” city, which is seen as essentially the government’s initiative to give a firm price. As of August 12, there were three emergency announcements for Shenzhen, Tianjin, and Qingjia, the second “two” series.
The supply of land has been suspended or extended, and many cities have been “repairing” the soil-painting policy, emphasizing the need to deepen the building association control system in greater detail, giving housing companies reasonable profit space, and increasing the uncertainty of land acquisition. 3) Housing firms have moved to a “distribution-based” model, with some of the high-growth home growth being forced to press the “staying button”.
In the next two rounds, housing firms with more intense concentrations, such as smelting, goo-soo, and excellence, need to meet the regulatory quota of not more than 40%. In the past, housing firms were seeking high turnover at any cost, and the pace of the housing stock was shifted from "fast" to "stable" in the second half.
The annual land market will gradually turn to rationality. This is also the case for head-to-head housing. (4) Recent regulation has remained “tight-medium-tone” style, with cutbacks in open profit spaces in place, but housing firms can seek to diversify land options to replenish land reserves or switch to cities that are temporarily less regulated.
In the case of Huanko, the diversification of operations has helped to diversify, and Vanko has taken up the pre-arranged aspects of urban renewal, thus contributing more to the consolidation of the urban infrastructure in hot spots, even “restoration of lost land”, “open land” and “open land”.3 Leveraging has been steady and smooth, with the “three red lines” turning green.
“Three red lines” refers to the three clearer criteria for tightening housing finance at the regulatory level, which require controlling the growth of interest-bearing debt in the real estate industry, published on 28 August 2020 and officially introduced on 1 January 2021. First, and in the absence of subjective infractions in the company, if the indicator is to be adjusted, the following diagram should be used in the development chain:
The amount received in advance is recognized as income, as it involves a larger factor of adjustment, which is the most difficult for high swing house enterprises (2) net liability rate: it is expected that sales will be accelerated and repayments will be strengthened and completed deliveries will be adjusted (taking into account the corresponding amount of funds in relation to changes in the intensity of construction), as reflected in the statement as an increase in monetary funds and an increase in the equity of owners,
In terms of the size of the funds in hand, most housing enterprises have achieved this through measures such as swapping short-term debt into long-term debt, thereby making it difficult for them to improve by marking the requirements for the elimination of pre-collected accounts.
Inhabitation, China Kim Moo, Long Guang Group, all of which are not mentioned, use liquid and non-current debt-paying instruments; and in the use of the total debt, the housing enterprises that are the principals are: Hua Yunchang, Green Land, Creativity, Begui Park, Shimu, Pao Li, Xiangsheng, Jia Myong, Orang City, New City, Green City, Green City, Xuhui, Acquiler, Kim Moo, Yong Gwang Group, China
The “three red lines” are equivalent to a full-scale review of the housing business liability, the elimination of pre-receipts, net debt ratios, and short-term cash, and the severe suppression of corporate risk over three indicators.
Most housing companies achieved a “fast drop” at the end of 2020, at the expense of their development advantages, by reducing land and equity ratios, but this approach is not sustainable. Policy patches have been on the way, for example, by setting two observations immediately after the rollout of the three red lines.
Not more than 40% of the land distribution ratio is included in the mandatory target. This indicator has already been mentioned in the “two concentrations” above, directly resulting in a shift in the pace of real estate from “quick” to “stable”, with some heavily funded housing companies opting for a wait-and-see attitude that allows them to develop their original land reserves first.
In June 2021, the central bank formally included the business tickets of the “three red lines” pilot house, requiring the company to report the “three red lines” every month and to report the business ticket data simultaneously. Commercial tickets are debt-paying, so they are free of credit.
As can be seen from the table above, Vanko's bills payable in 2020 amounted to only $607 million, representing only 0.23 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities, and were highly advantageous compared to other large-scale housing enterprises.
The corporate leverage level is low at 70.4%, thanks mainly to the industry's leading credit rating, very low financing performance, and good soil storage structure. Two (net debt ratio, cash short-debt ratio) have been met, and the asset-liability ratio is only 0.4% below the green line, as it has been since 2017, and Vanko has been doing since 2017.
To improve its own debt situation, the net liability rate has been gradually reduced from a high of 218 per cent to 74 per cent by the end of 2020, which has benefited from the consistent maintenance of a sound financial strategy by Vanko and further strengthening of its repayment capacity.
4 Real estate + operations focused on “Cities in Business”, tod+City Renewal Double Track Pioneer, 4.1tod Model Booster Strategy Upgrade, “Track + Property” Case Frustrated
The tod model is a public transport-oriented development model involving development along high-speed railways, inter-city tracks, urban tracks, brt, urban public transport, etc., along different types of orbital public transport and at sites. Peter Karlsolp first presented tod models in the 1990s in his book The Next Generation of American Metropolis: Ecology, Communities and American Dreams.
, and promote an “efficient, mixed” model of land use. The post-tod development is centred on public transport hubs, stations, vehicle segments, etc., to create a complex spatial structure of jobs, commerce, residential land and public transport systems within a 400-800 m radius, thus achieving an organic coordination model that is developed in a compactly organized city, as shown in figure 45.
Figure 45 Tod model and feature map for government, tod project development that promotes organic integration of orbital transport facilities with urban functions, creation of new land for conservation and utilization, and balanced orbital transport construction and transport using land concessions, premium returns from secondary land development, etc.
(ii) For housing companies, the ability to operate the Tod project makes it easier to “touch” the Government, to obtain land with a location advantage, and to make housing and type housing projects more profitable because of the ease with which the project is carried on. Following the “two-centre” new land deal in two-line central cities, the comparative advantage of the Tod project is highlighted;) for 10,000 people.
For its part, the substantial replication of the Tod project not only guarantees access to quality earth storage, but also creates a mature and fast-tracked business model for the roll-out of the “trading plus” industry, which facilitates the strategic upgrading of the company's “urban and rural construction and life service providers”, and the business, commercial and other complex projects to which the Tod is concerned, apart from the home, have been implemented from the “accompaniment services” of 10,000 in recent years.
To build the “ideal urban unit” by upgrading to a “diversified” business that focuses on “services for life.” Current trajectories include: (a) government financing and follow-up, such as New York, Berlin, and domestic early-trading projects such as Beijing Line 12, Shanghai Line 1 and 5. They are characterized by government-to-project companies.
Bank loans and other financing activities; (b) semi-marketized operations, with government financing but managed by enterprises, such as the Singapore subway, which is to be used by the Singapore Land Transport Authority after its construction and delivered to the operating company; (c) marketized operations under government supervision, with government and enterprises co-financing the establishment of a metro company responsible for investment, construction and operation of the metro; and (d) political
Policies such as tax concessions are offered, but investments and operations are carried out by private groups. The first public-private partnership (ppp) model and the bot model are common in the country, which are implemented in Shanghai, Beijing, and Shenzhen.
Underground companies form a project company, re-cooperate in land development, which is characterized by self-financing by the partners in proportion to equity, sharing of forward costs, and a more common form of cooperation in the pre-tod development phase. (b) The model of partnership in equity, where the company takes over land, allows the home company to participate in the development through equity acquisition projects.
This model is more mature and is the most common type of cooperation at this stage, with typical examples being the Shanghai Vanko City Project. (c) The right-to-earn model, an innovation under the real estate roots. For example, the Shenzhen Vanko Bay Bot project, located west of the Shenzhen Bay super-heading base, has a total share.
In addition, after the sale of marketable goods such as commercial apartments and office property, post-tax profits are distributed in proportion to the share of the profits; non-sales businesses have not been sold.
Industry and hotels, etc., are co-owned by bidders and the lead party, Huanko; joint project management and management companies are formed for project development and follow-up management of all holdings.
(c) Models for cooperation on earnings rights (a) project company cooperation (b) equity cooperation
Due to the number of pre-inputs, the length of the development cycle, the difficulty of design, the timing of engineering and subway construction, etc., the efficient development of the later subway industry also requires the expansion of external channels of cooperation, with the project companies affiliated with the urban subway group paying more attention to the ability of cooperative property developers to handle complex engineering and multi-occupational development operations.
Tod projects, such as hook-up, equity cooperation and acquisition of transfers, are being acquired by partners such as the municipal subway and track groups, such as the “Shanghai Sky City” of Huanko in September 2015, the first tod vehicle section in Shanghai (Shanghai 17) commercialization project (Su Ying Station); and the Hangzhou subway was installed in April 2017.
The Industrial Cooperation “Handing Roads” project, the first commercial tod complex to be developed in cooperation between Hangzhou subway and Huanko (Hangzhou subway line 10, Xiangxi Park Station); and the accelerated cooperation between Shenzhen subway and Huanko on the “Trays Plus Property” project, such as the “Hanko Bay Exchange” in December 2017, which is located in the South Mountain, after becoming the first major shareholder in Huanko in June 2017.
The district Shenzhen Bay super-headquarters, with three subway lines, Shenzhen 2, 9, 11, has come together. 4.2 The city has taken up the opportunity plus city update, competing for a trillion-grade gold track, the core city has entered the stocking age, and the city renewal policy has continued to grow.
Rapid growth, with the rate of urbanization of our resident population exceeding 60% by the end of 2020, marks the beginning of a new era of urbanization from the era of incrementality to the generation of stocks. Land development near saturated, land supply in the second-line rigidly priced urban core area, and growing tension, with urban renewal contributing to the development of living stocks, the upgrading of spatial transformation and the fulfilment of urban economic and social development.
The central city renewal policy has become a new norm in urban development. With the 14th Five-Year Plan explicitly proposing actions to implement urban renewal, urban renewal has risen to a national strategy. On April 12, 2021, the Network issued a Circular on Publication.
Article 17 states, “Initiation of urban renewal action. Promotion of urban renewal in the old urban areas with “one village” in the three districts, such as the old and the old ones, the old ones, the old neighbourhoods, the middle villages, etc. Speeding up the renovation of the old and the old districts, with 53,000 new constructions starting in 2021, with conditions for simultaneous energy-saving construction.
In other areas where economic development has been favourable, the city has been transformed into an urban community or other space, depending on the local context. “In full implementation of the updated position of the city in the 14th Five-Year Plan of the People's Republic of China for National Economic and Social Development and the Outline of Vision 2035, issued on 12 March 2021,
In recent years, urban renewal policies have increased the focus on urban renewal everywhere. Thanks to higher levels of urbanization and the opening of mature market environments, our urban renewal projects have been piloted in such places as Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, etc.
The policy on urban renewal is most intensive and comprehensive, with the issuance in 2009 of the country's first urban renewal programme — the City of Shenzhen Renewal Scheme — and in 2021 of the country's first urban renewal regulation — the City Renewal Regulations of the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone.
The circular (for comments) is open for comment. Its purpose is to provide guidance for the active and secure implementation of urban renewal initiatives in all regions, and to prevent the use of over-real estate development, large-scale construction, and fast-tracking. Emphasis is placed on the “four bottom lines”: (a) the old rate should not be higher than 20 per cent; (b) the construction ratio should not be greater than 2; and (c) the proximity rate should not be less than 50 per cent;
The more stringent construction ratio is actually a limitation on the rehabilitation of the old Maori village and construction renewal project, which imposes a higher requirement for property to be enriched through later operations, allowing multiple projects to reach self-balancing.
According to a study by the Regional Urban Renewal Platform for the Greater Central China Region, China’s first-line cities have been gradually entering the 4.0 evolutionary phase since 2013, as evidenced by: 1) updating, which was simply and grossly “pull” since then.
To re-establish the “Big Breaking Up” into organic cities to update the “Segment Integration, Industrial Empowerment, Political and Business Alliance, Cultural Conservation, and Human Wisdom”; 2) to engage the main players in the process, from the previous government, large state enterprises and state-owned institutions to the development of partnerships between the government and various housing enterprises, and to establish a collaborative and virtuous development mechanism between the government and enterprises that takes into account the public interest
(iii) In terms of planning characteristics, the transformation of the housing stock from the previous “land finance” has gradually evolved into a resource for the management of the stock, with a view to creating intelligent cities, thus placing special emphasis on close integration with industry, with rising consumption, and with cultural heritage, such as the preservation and repair of urban cultural heritage in the far north, such as historical buildings, landscape areas, etc.
The rejuvenation and rejuvenation project is under way. The above-mentioned process of urban renewal is discussed below.
This month, the Shanghai Urban Renewal Implementation Scheme was launched, making it clear that Shanghai has entered the stage of growth, innovation and development, and that urban renewal will be the main means of sustainable urban development in Shanghai under tight resource constraints. In 2019, the Hoang Po District Joe Road plot adopted for the first time a new model of “government cooperation, city association, area-based” with the Hoangpo District and Shanghai District.
Since then, the project for urban renewal has been implemented by public selection of the main market players by district government organizations. In the absence of any special circumstances, joint ventures between district governments and municipal renewal agencies have been set up. The government is responsible for the expropriation of the land and for the transfer of the land to the enterprise.
Shanghai, in its 14th Plan and Vision 2035, proposed to accelerate the formation of a “centre of radiation, two wings, new service upgrades, greater economic density of the city, and urban renewal.” On 2 June 2020, the Shanghai Urban Renewal Fund was officially established, with a total size of about 80 billion yuan, and will be directed towards the city renewal fund, which is currently the largest city in the country.
The first developers involved in strategic cooperation to invest in old district upgrading and urban renewal projects are expected to share a new market in Shanghai city with Haitians, Huanko, Paulie, Central Asians, vendors and national capital investments in risk insurance.
Vanko created a new building (Colombia Park) renewal project in Shanghai, using a model of mixed land development, using three dimensions of “space”, “culture” and “content” regenerative strategies for the development of content, focusing on architectural patterns, heritage of historical and cultural buildings, cultural patterns aimed at enhancing the influence of Xinhua Road cultural neighbourhoods, and transportation.
The camp built an international cultural and artistic neighbourhood, providing an excellent example for Shanghai and for the country as a whole. It was founded at 1262 Yananxi Road, a historic area of the New China Road, known as the Shanghai First Garden Road. It was mainly located in Villa Sun, the Colombian Village Club, three historic buildings in the Navy Club, and 11 industries growing up in New China.
The “Columbia Village Club”, designed by American architect Haschad in the 20th century, was one of the core venues for overseas Chinese activity, the Colombian Club and adjacent blocks of urban renewal project in 1951, and a new building was officially opened in 2018, with a total of 49,000 square metres of renovated buildings.
With 36,000 square metres of office space and 13,000 square metres of commercial space, Huanko's overall renewal of this historical and cultural neighbourhood is based on the concept of Vanko's “respect for historical art and continuity of the city's myths” and aims to achieve the three-fold goal of “History architectural protection plus concentration of literary industries plus value added of assets in stock”, which will focus on:
The complex is reconstructed in four areas, as follows: 1) suitable for the renovation of the buildings retained, essentially on the basis of historical construction, such as the construction of the “old as old” principles, such as the Colombian village club and the Sun Ko residence, the restoration of the building's surface and space, the maximization of the original structure and the enhancement of its security; 2) poorly preserved but with some historical roots.
Construction, by means of commercial adaptations based on the proper preservation of some of the historical remains, such as leisure business and cultural exhibitions. For example, the Navy Club pool is a small British-made mosaic pool in Shanghai, which was released as a new product in Adidas, and a two-storey suite built in the vicinity of the pool in the 1980s.
Continue to be retained for use in water-coastal restaurants, where protection and reuse are consistent with the “respect for the historical artery” and where the features of the building are combined with the implantation and re-design of new local materials, such as the construction of the mammoth building under renovation, preservation of a modern and concise look and water-painted exterior wall, and the opening and insertion of the ground floor.
Entering a brand-new “glass box” space to meet commercial needs, remodeling the press pump room with a glass-faced stainless steel package, co-consolidating with the historical complex a public square with a historical and modern sense; 4) preserving buildings of low value, such as storage warehouses, concentrated on the outer edges of the entire remodeled area, or reconstructing or giving back to green areas, squares, etc.
So the demolition and reconstruction of buildings that are of little significance for the renovation of industrial buildings, as well as for the preservation of the outer perimeter, are in line with the principle of “continuing urban muscle.” The newcomer introduced a multi-purpose, creative office, hotel, space for activities, cultural space, retail space, and
The restaurant is a comprehensive community. Of these, never'sfamily and Seesawcoffee, together, built a joint fashion flash shop for the country's first-line designers, aai, Ideo and Shanghai's first house bookshop.
The Vanko City Renewal Participation Model, with its main sub-fund platform investment and regional corporate compacts, has two main types of fund platform, which relies mainly on: (a) the 10,000-bought capital, the fully-owned inventory asset management platform of the Huanko Group, whose main task is to explore “Golden and the transformation of urban stock acquisition”, and the typical urban renewal projects in which it has been involved include Shanghai Enterprise No. 3, Shanghai People
(b) The Urban Renewal Fund under the model of collaboration between government and business, with a total of 80 billion people in Shanghai in 2021, was officially established to direct investment in old district upgrading and urban renewal projects, with the first list of strategic collaborations with the city updating Vanko.
The Vanko Regional Corporation Landing Project is divided into four main categories: 1) Renovation and Rejuvenation: Restoration of Historic and Cultural Complexes, Protection, on behalf of the Shanghai New House with the above analysis, Guangzhou Yongqing, Shenzhen-Shang Shui, Fuzhou Smoking Mountain, Historical Fashion Zone, etc. 2) Re-constructing and re-engineering landmarks: Re-upgrading of the old neighbourhood, on behalf of Lui Hai Street, Suzhou, on behalf of the project
(iii) Industrial upgrading due to local conditions: rehabilitation of the old industrial complexes on behalf of the so-called Soo Wan Innovation Institute, Nanjing to please the new Mensi, Chengdu Treasure Bay, etc.; and (iv) elimination of pitfalls and comfort environment on behalf of the old city unit microupgradation on behalf of the Boshan Road, street 257, etc.
In the case of urban renewal, the advantage of the Vanko is that: 1) as head-hold business, the city renewal project is heavily funded, the cycle is longer than the ordinary housing project, and the financial strength of the developers is very much tested; 2) integrated multi-purpose development is strong, and the Vanko is an early developer of diversified business in the country, and most of the updating projects involve historical preservation and integration.
Development, which requires the introduction of business practices, such as business offices, which test the late-stage operational capacity of developers, the organization of Vanko in business, property, long-term rental apartments and travel, the renovation of some historical neighbourhoods, some of which also involve small businesses such as the Monument, and the advantages of Vanko in terms of both project experience and staff stocks; 3) good political relations, with the urban renewal project building on it.
On the 10th of July, at the City Renewal Congress, the New Institute for the Life of the Sea and the Beijing Vanko Center of the Vanko Times were selected as “the city’s most dynamic neighbourhoods.” In addition, Huanko has implemented different types of urban renewals in a number of core cities.
A series of landmarks have been adapted to promote the optimization and improvement of urban space structures, such as the Guangzhou Yongqing courtyard, Shenzhen South China City, Nanjing Xinmenxi and Huaihai Street in Suzhou.5 The inventory of clouds has deepened and the “Spatial Science and Technology Service” has been located.
5.1 Property policy is built up upwards and the industrial integration platform is being expanded. In the latest 14th Plan, the property policy is being laid down, while marrying old transformations, community commerce, electricity flows, providing unlimited room for imagination in the industry.
There is broad consensus on the development of property management and related areas, driven by policies and the needs of the population. Until then, 2020 has been a rich year and a watershed for policy.
In the “Build Up”: 1) change the functions of the Government by changing the approval system to an incentive, eliminating the first and second level of qualification in industry service enterprises (2017) and moving to an incentive project (2019), 2) develop industry standards to strengthen supervision, provide timely “creedings”, and the Ministry of Housing, Urban and Rural Development is to study the development of industry service standards, through blacklist systems, disclosure of information, etc.
Promoting industry self-regulation, and strengthening ex post regulation (2017). 3) Attracting property management actors, such as encouraging conditional real estate enterprises to move to integrated service providers.
Capacity-building in the management of the community services. 2) Building community micro-units, packaged with extended services such as old-age, childcare, and home-based services. The ageing of the population, including the follow-up of the “three-child” policy, depends on the improvement and implementation of the accompanying measures, while the advancement of the property services, including the promotion of co-management sharing, is a means of directly addressing immediate pains. 3)
Favourable and competitive conditions include clear rights and obligations at the legal level, clear rights of owners in the Civil Code directly, making it more difficult for owners to vote on important matters, and making it less difficult to dismiss firms. 4) Conclude with city-to-city renewals and integrate them into the system of grass-roots governance.
The success of the Urban Renewal Project is not merely the upgrading of hardware, but also the improvement of the follow-up software (services). Moreover, the new crowning epidemic has contributed to the pace at which property is integrated into grass-roots governance systems.
In the face of the challenges of rising labour costs and increasing competition in the industry, the industry is also exploring diversification in order to help it to spread its resources during this critical period. In the context of the new economic environment, the country’s housing sector is becoming more diversified.
In response, the trend towards diversification of the domestic property management sector has been divided into the following categories: 1) horizontal value-added business platform expansion. The logic behind sustainable high valuation in the property management sector is that high-growth performance certainty and maturity periods can rely on value-added service expansion, and there is room for further improvement in the Māori rate.
It is more common to: (a) home-based services that are more closely related to property management's own business, such as the provision of cleaning services, children's surrogates, dispatches, etc.; and (b) base services.
Services in the real estate itself, such as the provision of rental intermediary services and renovations, housing insurance services, etc., representatives of brokerage operations, such as “PARK Neighbourly Rental Houses” under the umbrella of everything, “Green City Change” under the green city service, “Wared” under the service flag of Bei Qui and “Goose” under the flag of the lake intelligence service, etc.; (c) services based on user access, such as socialization, asset management, insurance management, etc.
According to China Association data, the total amount of investment transactions in the property management sector in 2020 was $9.4 billion, an increase of 47 per cent over the same period.
The share of transactions in basic services continued to decline from 93 per cent in 2019 to 49 per cent in 2020. The rapid decline in the share of basic services was mainly due to professional services and value-added services.
The concept of a “urban transport camp” emerged when market forces infiltrated the area. From Huanko's cry for a “urban operator” in 2018, major developers began to develop.
There are also frequent references to “city operations” by local governments, focusing on: (a) the lack of scientific regulations for the major leaps in urbanization in previous years, the concentration of industries, the lack of coordination between the core and the groups, and the fact that the various components of the city cannot develop in a disorderly manner; and (b) the previous overemphasis on the upgrading of urban hardware, the emphasis on construction and operations, and the short-term and long-term returns on operations, which are extremely high.
Low follow-up utilization of expensive public buildings, or even partial loss of functionality due to lack of follow-up maintenance; (c) inadequate preservation of urban cultural connections, very large historical cultural buildings and old-fashioned neighbourhoods, or forced “upgrading” or discomfort with new buildings around them, have undermined the unique cultural inflammation of cities. As a result, they are marketed as urban operations.
The industrial sector has grown to the sun, and the market has grown. Since 2018, mainstream developers have dismantled the property industry.
In 2018, only Green City and the China Sea broke down the property industry, and in 2018, Beguiro was under the flag of Beguien, the flag of Acquaintance, the flag of Xing Xing and the new city under the flag of the new city, and in 2019 - 2020, Paley was under the flag of Pavli Property, the flag of merchants and the flag of Hua Yun.
The six Hong Kong stock management companies listed prior to 1 January 2020, based on a cut-off price of 3 January 2020, have been selected to compare the statistical market value increase and decline with the growth and decline of the Helium Index.
All the real-estate companies have won the Helium Index, and the best share price performance is in eternal life under the flag of Xu Xiang Xiang, followed by the Bei Qui Park service. Property service companies move to multi-occupational services through symbiotic urban breakthroughs, where intelligent technology aiot, based on community intelligence and efficiency, diversified community value-added services, continues to generate revenue.
This trend has been reflected in recent renamings of publicly traded property management companies, such as the change in name of the company from "Acquayal Living Services Inc." to "Acquainted Urban Services Ltd." in 2020, and the establishment of the urban services industry as its fifth largest operating block; and the listing of 2021.
East End Property is known as the Inichi City Operations Group in Hong Kong, and figure 59 shows the market value of listed companies that have gone up and down (as of July 23, 2021) 5.2, “Community + Business + Cities” and the city is operating in a new direction.
The course of corporate development can be broadly divided into three phases: 1) the initial testing phase (1990-2000), during which Vanko tried to market the “out-of-the-water” test, which was characterized by the beginning of corporateization in the Vanko industry and the adoption of an international certification in 1996 for Iso9902; 2) the parallel development of a balanced layout phase (2001-2014), which was withdrawn in 2001
All of the external management projects, with exclusive responsibility for the Vanko Real Estate Project, are characterized by the development of nationwide secrecy, which has resulted in a balanced layout of the Vanko Property Industry due to no cost pressures; 3) the market-modernization phase (2015 - 2019), the annual stock-taking De Luang Company, the establishment of a joint venture with Dedraux in 2019 and the expansion of the company's business administration; and 4)
In the era of the "Ten Clouds" platform (2020-to date), the transition was driven primarily by space science and technology, based on space services, supported by a growing ecological chain, and the launch of the "Three Horses" business strategy, which includes three modules: Space, Tech, and Grow. The space module includes: (a) Community Space Services.
It includes the Vanco Property Industry, PARK Neighborhood Development; (b) Business Space Services, including Everything; (c) Urban Space Services, including Everything Clouds; Tech Modules, which include all-wise technology, Fifth Spaces, respectively, providing hardware and software services, digital operations and industrial artificial intelligence services, building community-based household & business-based service platforms; and Grow Modules, which includes all-round growth, are intended
Promoting more high-quality operations to improve space services. In the era of the All-Men-Cloud-Cloud platform, the chart 60 cloud development has been extended to “city operations” based on the integration of its own community and business services.
According to the annual newspaper Vanco 2020, the cloud achieved a total operating income of $18,204 million; of that amount, the residential property sector collected $1052 million, while the urban service camp collected $991 million, or 5.4 per cent of its total income, which is 10 times the difference from the residential property income.
The Yunceoguards have repeatedly stressed that everything is not listed as a real-estate company, but that there are currently too few urban services in the cloud, relying only on long-term sedimentation systems and the use of technology to build open platforms for empowerment, waiting for modules to hatch, to break through the business chain, and to wait for the market.
1) With regard to community services, the Vanko estates have strengthened their “second line of business” value-added service capabilities by relying on parent companies for certainty, based on the expansion of the management area. According to the network of company officials and Kerrey, 578 million square metres of the management area (involving 3,051 residential projects) were in the top position in the country in 2020; the contract size is 68,000 square metres.
After Beguio Park, the country’s real estate company, which ranks in Top10, has not yet been listed. According to the company’s announcement, it received $18.2 billion in total in 2020, ranking among the top of the list of companies; it received 10 billion in only clouds, Beguile Garden services, the Ever Greater Realty, the Green City Service and the five Acquaintance Services.
Annual property management fees amounted to 65.4 per cent, while in 2020 they amounted to only 60.2 per cent, compared to 55.2 per cent in the report of Huanko 2020; (b) value-added services in the non-main sector represented a significant advantage in relation to the average industry (29.2 per cent vs 18.6 per cent); (c) the value-added services in the community were relatively vulnerable, accounting for 5.4 per cent of the value-added services and 13.5 per cent of the industry level.
A fifth canteen, a happy station, a warehouse, a double housekeeper model, etc., improves the quality of community value-added services.
The “Five Canteen” is a community dining hall run by Huanko, which provides homeowners with food security, three meals on a cost-effective basis, and a fifth meal space in addition to schools, units, social meals, and their own homes. The “Happiness Station” is a community service set up by Huanko, which provides centres that include couriers, housekeeping, childcare, old-age activities.
The two-houser service model is based on the health demands of high-net populations, and its business model is divided into the business manager centre and the health manager's centre, the health manager's service provider must have health management expertise, develop health files for small district owners and provide health alerts.
Services such as inquiries, chronic disease management, periodic medical check-ups, health management, etc. The “business housekeeper” is based on the traditional Mandarin housekeepers, which, in addition to coordinating traditional home security work and optimizing the community's atmosphere of recreation, also aims to improve the quality of life of the owners.
2. In terms of business services, Vanko established a joint venture with Dedraux in 2019. In addition to the country’s top share of the business sector, it is important to gain experience and talent in major asset transactions, engineering management, urban development consultancy, etc. The company’s main business is commercial property and asset management and integrated facility management.
In 2020, new partnerships were signed with the United States of America, hungry, fast-handed, Heiconway, El ophthalmology, etc., as well as super-high-level complexes such as Wuhan Heunglong Square, Changchun Hae-chung, Chongqing, Land, Sea, Sea, etc. Services for mainstream institutions can be divided broadly into the following three.
Category 1 - General commercial management services such as the operation of the Hong Kong Sea Headquarters in Shenzhen, the Guangzhou Sea Academy Headquarters, Mi, Haikang Wai, Bytes and other institutions such as the Bank and Real Estate, which provide the corresponding services; 2) management services of the luxury flagship area, such as foreign clients such as Maestro, Porsche and Chanel; 3) support of the Science and Technology Section, 10,000.
The Alibaba 51 project served as the richest and most fully serviced provider of the Alibaba administrative category; 4) other industries, such as Wal-Mart’s cold-chain logistics operations in China. The commercial office industry was excellent in terms of its relative higher prices, high collection rates, higher price-raising spaces, and large market spaces.
In 2019, for example, the average property cost of commercial and office property management projects was $6.28 per square metre per month, $6.99 per square metre per month, well above the industry average of $3.86 per square metre per month; since office commerce was mostly Tob, the collection rate was better than that of Toc in 2019.
Commercial and office property seizures were 97.50 per cent and 9.3 per cent, respectively, higher than residential property seizures of 91.63 per cent; this was accompanied by higher requirements, more complex commercial property services and higher capacity for integrated management of property management companies.
With the exception of everything under the flag of Huanco, head companies have launched commercial services under their own property management companies, such as green city clouds under the green city service flag. As a domestic business service brand leader, it competes.
The advantages are: 1) the service sector is rich, with a small number of industries entering the threshold, and the diversification of the parent company is likely to lead to the loss of a number of high-quality industries, such as “training” and laying the foundations for the outer field. The business of the reconnection of everything includes business headquarters, government machinery, business writing buildings, city complexes, industrial parks, logistics cold chains, etc.
The areas covered include hotels, where there is a clear advantage over other developers in most areas. 2) Good use of science and technology in services transfer, offering different solutions to different clients: fm services for self-use properties, helping business owners focus on core business development; pm services for business-type properties, and upgrading the asset value of real estate throughout its life cycle.
At this point, the market for the first-class buildings has shown the following characteristics: 1) The cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou, etc. have shown signs of a slowdown.
Most markets, including Shenzhen, remain underrented, and the new technological media industry for level A office needs became “newly expensive.” In 2020, rents for level A buildings fell by about 5-10% in 20 priority cities across the country. The average rent for the first line of cities was 7.9 yuan/m2/month, a 7.9% decrease in the same year; the average rent for the second line of cities was 3.0 yuan/m2/month, the same as in the second line of cities.
In the second half of 2020, the market for China’s main office buildings saw a general reduction in rents. Cities such as Hangzhou and Chengdu have reduced rents by less than 1% per quarter, basically at the same level as in the previous quarter.
The new technology media industry in the cable city became a “new asset” for renting level A offices, except overseas, where the new technology media industry defeated the first class A office needs. (2) Since the second half of 2020, more businesses have re-opened office rental schemes because the epidemic has been under control. Most cities have received positive intakes, and vacancy rates have generally declined.
In the larger context of costs, cost control has become the primary consideration in most tenants moving. The Union expects an additional supply of 7-8 million square metres per year in 20 cities over the next two years, or about 12 per cent of the current total, of which Shenzhen, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu will be supplied significantly in the future, compared to Beijing, Changsha, Xian, Tianjin,
The future supply of Ningbo is limited. All things are good for technology, and the downscaling effect is welcomed by most tenants. For example, in response to excessive energy consumption in Beijing’s Phoenix Center, a iot (material networking) has been set up to collect equipment transport data, connect the iot to the worksheet management system, and replace the routine manual inspection with a volume trigger.
In addition to improving client experience, a reduction in the summer energy consumption of the Beijing Phoenix Center has been achieved by reducing it by 50% and helping it to achieve a high score in the Phoenix Center, which has been certified in the gold class of the Leedeb Platinium. The Shanghai Xu Huenko Centre, with a total area of 500,000 square metres, is located near the Shanghai South Station. The use of technology has reduced the energy consumption of the project ' s heating and air conditioning to 15%, with an efficient water cooling out of the heart.
Machines and screws have increased their standard values by 6%, boiler heat efficiency by 92%, and the use of first-level water-saving devices has reduced the amount of sanitation equipment by 23% compared to normal business projects. The Shanghai Xu Ding Huenko Centre has finally been awarded green construction and gold-grade certification of three stars and leedcs, which has also set a model for the industry.
Figure 70 Distribution of Beijing Level A Office Demand Sectors (2020) Figure 71 Distribution of Shanghai Level A Office Demand Industry (2020) New Science and Technology Media
New technology media, manufacturing trade, biopharmaceuticals.
Biopharmaceuticals  Manufacturing trade Chart 72 Shenzhen Class A Office Demand Industry 2020
Figure 73 Distribution of Class A Office Needs in Guangzhou (2020) Financial Services — New Media in Technology — Special Service in Construction — Other — New Media in Technology — Construction — Other
In the area of urban governance, Huanko has developed four product solutions: “Infrastructure management”, “Living environment services”, “Community governance, public services for residents” and “Microre urban renewal”, based on a specific practical basis in the area of urban services.
To meet the needs of the city's main basic services, to tap into the city's “blood-building cells”, to take advantage of the finer specialization, to help the government in some areas of public service, to make the city more self-evolving and organic through market-based idle urban resources, and to increase the combined capacity of the central city.
On October 24, 2020, at the Vanko Group Regional Media Exchange for the Midwest, the Vanko Group property bg created the country's first brand brand of urban services, the City of All-Men Clouds. According to the 2020 performance report, Vanko has completed a survey of 10 cities with 16 projects since 2017.
The “hospital model” is well received, and market-based mechanisms operate in cities. The capital of the city is the State Finance Committee of the new district of the Yokohama.
A joint venture of the company Joo Hao and Vanko Industries after the merger. The City of Joo Hao is a vehicle for urban management operations such as sanitation, road bridge management, garbage cleaning, etc.
Digitalization and scalding are not confined to the most basic "four jobs," but also free hands to drive urban governance and fine-tuning of services. In addition, the management platform of the city brings a client-centred concept into urban governance.
Citizens’ and businesses’ experiences, when they are called upon to do so, can be met by the platform, which has turned the past government’s bruising management. By fine-tuning the downside, government input in the “hospital model” has declined by 5% per year on the basis of meeting the management needs of all parties, and this is the driving force behind other cities’ outsourcing of urban operations to property management companies.
Multi-occupational management becomes the entry threshold for urban operations, and the post-epidemiological era presents challenges and opportunities. If the experience of a real-estate company is transferred to the city, it is a great challenge, both in terms of volume and managerial capacity.
(b) The annual increase of 1.83 percentage points. In industry terms, most of the companies most exposed were dwellings, accounting for 46 per cent;
This was followed by office, 22 per cent; business, 8 per cent; industrial parks, 6 per cent; schools and hospitals, 5 per cent each. Residential property became the main control force, and the cloud was deeply involved in grass-roots crowd control. During the spring of 2020, the epidemic broke out in many parts of the country, community closures were introduced in many cities, and even some parts of the Government directly demanded property.
(c) Prevention and control campaigns, such as the communication of the Government's notification of the disease and the implementation of the disease control code for owners; and (d) coordination with grass-roots governance.
From July 2021 at Nanjing Lok-Door airport and August at Merland Airport in Haiguchi, they teach how to spread the disease.
Vanko took over 61% of Shenzhen Airport Property Services Ltd. from Shenzhen Airport Development Ltd. on 3 July, on the basis of its original status.
Figure 752019 shows 500 companies with a large area of business management compared to 5.3 technology-enabling value-added services, transforming thinking achievement platform incubators.
There are many scenarios for technology that drive deep value-added services. The spread of intelligent cities, intelligent communities, etc., coupled with the continued development of technology, has led to a growing number of companies involved in technological and intellectual transformations.
The traditional property management industry has been treated as a labour-intensive industry, as has been the case with the courier industry, and therefore the cost of manpower has risen directly, leading to a sharp rise in the operating costs of firms. In the real-estate industry, technology applications are more than just "collapse."
It's the key to the “carat in the snow”, even the second half of the industry. Using the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the big data section, and artificial intelligence, efficiency gains can be achieved in targeting basic property services such as cleaning, greening, security, maintenance, increasing the area of management and output per capita; and community life service platforms for value-added services can be increased.
Adding value-added service penetration, using good community flow entrances, to get a higher Māori. According to China Research Coordination, 100 strong corporations increased their per capita management area from 3439.39 m2 to 6496.41 m2 in 2014-2019, an increase of 88.90%; per capita output rose from RMB 892 million to RMB 1553 million, an increase of 74.10%.
There is a comparative advantage to be gained in the process. The change from a part to a part of the vanquished property industry and a part to a branch of everything, for example, as a result of the branding effect of the cloud of everything, with a 16.7 per cent increase in the overprice of the subdistrict, and a 137 per cent increase in the cost of pre- and post-replacement property in Lake Shenzhen, which indicates that there are a large number of old stock owners in the city on the front line who wish to change through it.
The branding industry has achieved value-added effects and a higher acceptance of property price increases.
Effective response to owner needs, improved payment Reduction in personnel inspection arrangements, higher rates, lower staffing and optimization
Application of equipment maintenance quality, reduction of wear and tear Owner experience (intelligent management maintenance of hardware facilities)
Pharaoh machines, physical intelligence.
Effectively improve community safety and security, meet the full range of life needs, and provide easy access to the community
Discrepancies in quality services, expansion of operations Income and improvement in owner satisfaction (stopping/non-restrictive)
In October 2020, he entered into a strategic partnership with the Shanghai Investment Group Ltd. to establish a joint property venture.
Company - The Dragon Property Industry joins the Science and Technology Cooperation Platform: 1) As a strategic shareholder, the Clouds not only go “for money” and make financial investments with a view to obtaining substantial returns, but also “fortunes” to provide listing advice, combing of process management, etc.; 2) The Dragon Property Industry may not be able to do so with technologically sound services based on the Clouds, and may not be able to do so in the case of low-sized property companies.
At the same time, the increase in the number of users of cloud services poses a new challenge to the design of the technology system at the bottom, even if the firms that have made the strategic investments are growing rapidly.
The TSS, the cloud of everything, has acquired a pre-emptive advantage over other head-sized companies, and, in the future of the industry, the "Associator" model allows the system to advance ahead and take measures against the outer market.
In addition to Guangzhou, China, Shanghai, Nanjing, Fu, etc., there is already a certain amount of capacity. (2) Investment companies are growing, preferably with a significant and well-structured soil reserve, which can guarantee sustainable land storage in low-leveraging mode.
Business growth is good. At the same time, the debt rate is low and the development model is healthy. The money is open, the group is the top ten shareholders in the Guangdong Huaxian Bank, and it works with construction banks, farmers' banks, the Guangzhou Bank, and so on. 3) The investment target is “characteristic” that in one way or another there is a deeper protection of the city's river. For example, it is known as the “City” of Guangzhou.
Urban renewal experts have completed more than 20 old conversion projects totalling more than 30 million square metres. And, under pressure from the “two-centre” policy of the “three red lines”, urban renewals continue to acquire land with greater certainty, and urban renewals will also bring businesses with an “outreach” project to upgrade services for the old transformation.
In the Nansha region, the village of Jinzhou, the village of Ming Yui, the village of Tsai Bian, the village of Tsai Bian II, the village of Sha Xi, the village of Sing Xi, the village of Changgang, the southern Gulf community of the Huangpo district, and the village of Lung Lake Town, respectively.
In 2019, Zhejiang launched the construction of the “Future Community” with the first “139” at its core, with the aim of creating a new urban functional unit that covers nine life scenarios, with “humanization, ecology, digitalization” as a value point.
The future community can understand the Zhejiang special version of the “City Renewal” project, unlike Zhejiang Province, which will build a digital platform that will use the “digital economy” to give future communities a variety of life scenarios.
Under the guidance of the Triangular Integration Strategy, the cloud can enter the track with its own technological advantages, get to the “Future Community” demonstration area, connect the neighborhoods, education, health, services, governance, etc. through the creation of a “digitized” platform. In response to the lack of and mismatch between fees and the quality of the service, the “Future Community” has launched the “Pilot Plus Butler” model.
The “Future Community” has built a “five-minute” health-care delivery loop for the lack of health care and the lack of old-age facilities. The pre-existing distribution of health-care services in the Great Health Industry has led to a certain pre-eminence in terms of well-being.
Figure 81 Number of future community planning and information on some parcel transactions in Zhejiang province
6.1 The size of the population’s consumption is significant, the size of the Indian power and the regional advantage are evident, China’s consumption continues to grow at a very high rate, and the integration of the Vanko business and the Indian group has a significant advantage, creating a leading commercial operating platform in the country.
At 44 per cent, which is significantly lower than in developed countries and regions, the total consumption of our population is expected to grow steadily as structural changes on the supply side deepen, at an annual rate of about 6 per cent, with the population spending projected to be 800,000 by 2030.
By the end of 2020, Huanko ' s new business area was 12,899,000, with a cumulative business area of 9,898,000, and in 2020 commercial projects received $6,322 million, with 4.354 million in planned and under construction of commercial buildings; of that amount, 4.22 billion were in print in 2020; and 9 of the top 10 commercial projects in Huanko ' s annual harvest were printed.
Residential consumption, private consumption paid from company accounts, and non-representative samples of high-consumption-income groups were taken at 44 per cent in 2019, 39 per cent; 2) based on Indian Institute assumptions, post-infection 2021gdp used mf predictions, pessimistic project layouts in priority cities across the country, steadily expanding to highlight the scale effect. According to the company ' s annual report, from Huanko to Huanko.
The number and size of Indian management projects have been down for some time since India and are now steadily expanding. 76 are owned by China’s 10 largest urban centres, according to the official network and annual reports, according to data and statistics, to date, the Indian group has been operating in Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Chengdu, Xian, Nanjing, Nanchang, Shenyang.
Focusing on the “image” brand, building a full-line product matrix and building a strong operational management capacity. With the “image” brand at its core, it is built to include the “image city”, “image” and “print” based on project size and business positioning.
The full-line product matrix of El-Imagemega builds regional, area-based, community-based, mega-business/shopping centres that serve more than 600 million consumers a year, forming a regional and industry reputational effect. At the same time, printing took over part of Van-Huen by integrating the commercial brands under the banner of Van-Kuan.
In the view index of China ' s commercial property top 100, the Indian group has remained steady for four consecutive years at the third to fourth level; and in the shopping centre operator development index, the Indian group has remained stable at top5 in the first half of 2021, depending on the size of 76 brand projects, and is already in the first echelon of commercial real estate management in the country.
The amount of the company's new soil reserves and the rate of increase over the past five years is shown in figure 88.
Community commerce, mega-business centres, home-based shopping centres.
Indian brands combine position advantages, enjoy the dividends of urban development, and tap into the potential value of the project. Imaging City, as a major brander, locates middle- and high-end shopping malls, sets up two-line cities across the country, focuses on high-energy cities and four major urban overflow areas, such as the Long Triangle and the Pearl Triangle; and takes over the city's core and transport hub.
According to the Winners Network, Huanko had accumulated 49 tod projects totalling 18.3 million square metres by 2020. According to the Winners Network, the Huankotod project has been in intensive operation since 2019.
The main branding of the city shopping malls, which occupy the city's cbd and main traffic lines, has a clear flow effect: Beijing, like the Princess's Cemetery Business Circle in the area of Haidian, adjacent to subway lines 1 and 10, covering nearly 200,000 constants within a radius of 1 km.
Resident and office population; Suzhou Imaging City, the first one-stop shopping centre in Suzhou, adjacent to the Central Park Station on Route 1 of the subway, and located at the high-speed intersection between Modern Avenue and Sugahang, connecting the ancient city of Suzhou with the Golden Chicken Lake cbd, and enjoying the dividends of the multi-nuclear development of Su State cities; Hangzhou Kinsa Imaging City is the first Tod Model project with the Hangzhou Metro 1 high sand road
The station is seamlessly connected to High Iron East Station/Most Transport Central Station, Shawshan Airport, with 4 urban fast roads, 20 minutes, to Quanjiang City, Xiaoshan, José, Heining, Da Jiangdong; Taiwon Imaging City, which opened in 2020, is adjacent to Taiwon South Station and the under construction of subway line 1, approximately 4 km from the airport and works with the nearby traffic hub as Taihara City progresses.
The extent of the business impact of Taiwon Imaging City will be greatly enhanced. The main branding of city shopping malls as city or regional poles attracts a large number of passengers by focusing on the city’s core and main lines of transport, and the regional dividend will become increasingly scarce, pre-empting, and establishing competitive advantages as urban development becomes scarcer.
Figure 89 gives an image of the city's typical project location.
Office population within one kilometre: 90,000; public transport lines within one kilometre: 22 inland subway stations: 2
Suzhou Imaging City (140,000) Resident population within 1 kilometre: 87,000, Office population within 1 kilometre: 50,000
One kilometre of public transport: 42 kilometre of internal subway stations: 2 Quincia Imaging City, Hangzhou (180,000 different locations)
Resident population within one kilometre: 149,000; office population within one kilometre: 83,000; public transport within one kilometre: 72
1 km of inner subway station: 1 (tod) Taiwon Imaging City (100,000) Resident population within 1 km: 38,000
Office population within one kilometre: 23,000; public transport within one kilometre: 35; approximately 500 metres from Taiwon South Station
At a distance of about 4 km from Taiyuan airport, 6.2 BMK is in a period of structural growth, the light asset operating model opens up a new track, the market for business management operating services continues to expand, and the low concentration of markets is conducive to the capture of the dividends by Vanko.
Under the light asset model, a business management team can effectively ease financial pressure and achieve higher profitability by exporting services to commercial projects, without investing in development operations. According to the Pygmy commercial offer, the country’s total number of malls grew by 13.5% over the period 2013-2023.
In 2023, it will reach about 8150; according to the Hua Yunya Life Book, the total market for the operation of shopping centres was managed with a complex annual growth rate of 13.4 per cent over the period 2014-2019, 534.6 million in 2019 and a complex growth rate of 14.4 per cent between 2014-2019 and 1739 in 2019.
During the period from ~2024, the market for the operation of shopping centres will grow by a compound annual growth rate of 9.9 per cent, reaching 2024, when the current market for the operation of BMS is extremely low and market segmentation is more extensive: according to Frost Sullivan, the concentration rate for the operation of the services market in the first half of 2020 was cr5 (i.e., the top five operational services provided)
The market for BMS is becoming more competitive as business changes or demand increases in the country’s commercial projects are released. The “Mathea effect” of BMS will tend to become apparent, and the Indian “run” advantage is clear: it is due to BMS operations.
High thresholds for services, clients, talent, operation of four, early entry of print-backed Vanco businesses, established project size, established experience in operating mature teams and businesses covering various business types, promising printing capacity with replicable modular process management mechanisms that can rapidly expand its own managerial advantage: based on print power
It describes India ' s proactive process management in project planning integration, branding and management, treating the smallest stand-alone modules that can provide complete services separately as “plugs”, developing modularization, standardized plugins for replication of subsequent projects, and enabling a combination of size and resilience in the BMS market through the collection and refinement of existing project plugins
It is expected to capture the dividends of market development, further increase the occupancy rate, build industries to protect the river, develop futures, reduce the cost of business management, and open new tracks in the area of services exports. Unlike traditional development operations, BMS operations are easier to replicate and expand.
In the case of Shanghai/Shanghai business projects run by Indian Shanghai, more than half of the Shanghai-wide projects, and the Suzhou-wide projects outside Suzhou and the City of Impression, are operated using print output management models. In the context of regional intensive layouts and project standardization, modularization advances.
Under this, the experience of the Operations Management Team can be fully shared and replicated, in line with the shift of the printing power to the business model of b2c2b in recent years, the associated costs of consumer insight research, digital system development, unified vendor acquisition, etc., will be further apportioned, as compared to residential development and property management operations, which would have been a high-mori business management benefit.
There is still room for further growth, with great potential for growth in the area of management services export as a new track. “3D” creates urban/community life hubs, successfully exporting replicable cases that take over the market.
b2b2c business model, converted to b2c2b business model, which uses multi-sphere connectivity, multi-symptomatic content, as a vehicle for urban service functions; while focusing on consumer contact points, better service clientb through good service c; and thus making the project urban/community function in three dimensions: space scene, content innovation, service system
At the same time, each dimension can be grinded into a stand-alone modular plugin for printing, other projects can replicate, refer to, and further overlap, and there are many success stories. Digitally built up upstream and downstream, with the advantage of size attached to it, sparking new profit growth points.
When involved in business management, the use of digital systems for project management has been actively pursued. As technology has evolved in recent years, it has actively promoted a digital transformation at the operational level from the perspective of consumers, merchants and malls, successively launching service platforms for businesses and consumers; for example, the Unified Membership System, the “printing star”, which is the first step in keeping with the balance between membership and user stickyness.
Create scenario-driven marketing that distributes platform development costs, improves service and operating efficiency, and further improves profitability, with more than 8 million user sizes nationwide. At the group level, the printing power has also set up the "Insult management " full-life asset management platform.
Current project full-process tracking, integrated management; large data analysis platform to participate in day-to-day decision-making operations. Based on project size and operating team advantage, full-scale digital transformation and scientific decision-making methods will be new growth points in the future.
• Tenant service platform: sales • tableau: visualization • printing of stars: unified membership system
8 - 10 projects with a business start-up • Indo-capitalization: “Investment pipe retirement” assets
Life-cycle management: eas: digitization management; long-term benefits: information client relationships
Compared to the traditional residential development business, the company is a business owner.
In the current context of tight policies, business capital is under enormous pressure, limiting the pace of expansion. The Indian economy operates in a light asset mode, through export services, on the one hand, and finance, on the other.
Tools can recapitalize the stock assets, thus breaking the limits of their own funds. The core of the stock is to operate, and good business capacity since it was needed to provide a steady and sustained flow of cash in order to operate with reasonable financial means, while good business capacity must be achieved by professional teams.
Promoting the securitization of high-quality assets as a reserve for subsequent development. Commercial real estate mortgages support securities, cmbs.
So far, the Indian Group has successfully issued six securitization products, and another one is about to be released, with the exception of the “Sino-Shin-Shin-Shin-Shin Longgon-Hanco Square Assets Support Project” as a category reits, all of which are cmbs.
While more than nine high-quality projects are subject to assets, and the total volume of securitization products issued amounts to $18 billion, Indian cmbs issue interest rates are usually lower than the same rating product for the same period, significantly reducing the cost of financing and the pressure on cash flow, and providing sufficient funds for the expansion of the group ' s follow-on development.
Chart 102cmbs distribution process Building closed doors for commercial property, full-life management for asset value-added.
With its strong branding influence and business operations, exits from value added to self-held business projects result in a closed business property “loveback” of the current capital cycle. Meanwhile, according to the print press, it is also possible to create an autonomous asset-life-cycle management platform.
Fund management, a three-pronged digital link to the project's objectives, budget, operations and full-process linkages to enhance the asset-value-added model of the “breathing out” of the project.
Seventy thousand latitudes for logistics, 70 thousand miles east of Prostos, high-barrel, cold-chain operations, 710,000 latitudes for logistics, maintained a high rate of growth and became the leader of the mainland.
As the national economy continues to grow, consumer markets continue to grow, new retail patterns emerge, electricity suppliers grow and penetrate, and the logistics real estate sector thrives. Businesses and consumers have higher requirements for timeliness in the distribution of goods, and in many of the core logistics hub cities, the logistics real estate market continues to exist.
Huanko entered the logistics estate earlier, and launched it in 2015. In 2017, he privatized Pros as his largest shareholder in the logistics industry, in association with such institutions as Hak Park Investment, High Capital, and Central Bank. In 2018, Huanko acquired a cold-chain logistics asset platform under the umbrella of the ancient industry, expanding the cold-chain business map.
The competitive advantage of the 10,000-latitude logistics industry lies in: 1) brand advantage, with the Vanko Group, as the leader of the real-estate industry, being branded and trusted by the government and the market. The 10,000-latitude logistics are backed by 10,000 credit endorsements, more government trust, land acquisition, and recruitment.
(2) The advantage of development is that in the warehousing industry, the 10,000-latitude logistics is a logistics property, which is in fact a “silo”, i.e. the focus is on the location of warehouses, type selection, construction standards, supporting facilities, etc., which is typical of the heavy asset industry, the advantage of development is the vast experience of Vanko in real estate development over the years and the bargaining power over the supply chain.
Huanko Group, which has been able to expand rapidly in the field of logistics property by continuously acquiring, investing in, and building logistics property items. 3) Operating advantage, Huanko is one of the early owners of business in the real estate industry, with experienced professional management teams, with a strong grip on policy trends and market distress.
The industry’s mature team, and by learning from its experience management model, has expanded the operation of 10,000-latitude logistics, focusing on the development of two core operations: high-mark storage and cold-chain logistics. The 2020 performance report shows that 10 new 10,000-latitude logistics acquisition management projects in 2020, with 750,000 square metres of leased space, are active in 44 cities.
One hundred and forty-eight projects are managed, with 1,148 million square metres of leased space. Of the projects managed, 128 are high-priced, 10,62 million square metres of leased space, 20 cold-stores, and 860,000 square metres of leased space.
In 2019, according to Dedraux, Vanko held 7.3 per cent of the total construction area of the country’s logistics property, a total of US$ 1.29 billion, representing an increase of US$ 580 million, an increase of 60 per cent, representing an increase of US$ 1.87 billion in operating income.
By the end of 2020, the city’s share had risen to 8.0%, second only to Pros. The domestic logistics industry as a whole had a strong corporate competition pattern, with 10,000 latitudes at the top of the second echelon.
In China, there is currently no official definition of a high-standard warehouse logistics facility, and the industry is of the view that warehouses are fully processed, empty at a level not less than 9 metres, with a standard loading and unloading platform and a fully equipped and fire-fighting facility that can be called high-mark storage.
With high space utilization, advanced automation, and high compliance properties, the supply chain is more efficient and therefore popular in the market. The Union Research Department has found that when traditional non-high price libraries are not able to meet the growing demand of tenants, part of the non-high price pools will automatically upgrade to “self-evolving” and the other part will be dismantled by the government.
Data on warehouse resources in 7,187 parks in each city, with a total area of more than 300 million square metres at the end of 2020, and currently about 30 per cent of the total area of the common warehouse, the total amount of which is still insufficient.) 20,000 latitude logistics are already ahead of the deployment of the high-marked warehouse.
Flow-point cities have formed a nationwide network of high-mark storage facilities that can provide high-end, standardized logistics storage facilities for customers. The 10,000-latitude logistics hub, which has a strong economic and industrial base and excellent transport conditions, can effectively support high-stell warehouse demand.
The banks account for 14.2 per cent of the stock of the national high-value reservoir market, the urban layout of the 1.14 million-latitude logistics high-marked warehouse (million square metres) and the number of 1.15 million high-value reservoirs and the stock of the high-priced market (million square metres)
“Service + Technology” is a two-wheel drive, with a one-stop supply chain service downscaling effect. Ten-way logistics is dedicated to building the otwb system (o order management-t transport management-w warehouse management-b billing management), while establishing a standardized customer service system, continuously upgrading the application of science and technology tools in service standard processes to operate “service + technology”
A slight boost to business development, and strategic collaboration with leading national and international technology companies, such as Microsoft, Sampsi and others, to achieve park management, warehouse management intelligence, management efficiency, and higher-quality services for clients. Mergers and acquisitions have accelerated the layout of ancient cold chains, and cold banks have become the first industry.
Bank design and refrigeration engineering technology, with national, one-stop storage, trunking, distribution, etc. professional service capabilities, provide the highest standard of cold chain logistics security for customers. In 2020, the International Association of Refrigeration Banks (iarw) ranked 11th in the list of world-wide temperature-controlled warehouse providers, with 10,000th-latitude logistics ranking.
The M & A platform for cold-chain logistics assets under the ancient industry, in storage, the cold-chain chain is the third largest provider of cold-chain logistics in the United States, and the infrastructure, quality standards, talent, and management of the cold-chain are also highly advantageous. Once the M & A is completed, the cold-chain logistics project under the Banco logistics flag, covering first-line cities in the country, and core inland ports.
The city has a national, one-stop storage, trunking, distribution, and other specialized services.
The company’s network of officials showed that, in May 2021, the first quick-start project of the Van Litt logistics project was the cold-chain park at the New Shoe River in Shanghai.
In June 2021, the Huenwa logistics complex was inaugurated, and seven cold-chain parks, such as the Huenwa logistics complex, the Ka Hingping Lake, Xiyang Gosseng, the Suzhou Kanting, the Hangzhou Titong, the Nanking Hsia II, the Jinnan II and the Chengdu Dragon Spring, were about to open, further accelerating the process of the 10,000-Waste national cold-chain logistics.
7.2 The logistics sector is experiencing rapid growth, with firms entering the domestic consumer market on a significant scale and logistics storage on a rapidly growing basis. The cost of development of the domestic logistics sector has been rising over the years, according to the consulting statistics, in terms of the total cost of social logistics.
China is the world’s largest logistics market. In 2020, the total cost of Chinese social logistics was 14.9 trillion, or 14.7% of gdp, while the cost of logistics custody continued to grow steadily from 2010 to 2020. In 2020, China’s cost of logistics custody reached 5.1 trillion yuan, an increase of 3.9% over the same period.
High growth trend, but the decline in the completion of domestic fixed asset investment since 2017 has been marked, mainly as a result of the slowdown in economic growth in China and the increasing pressure on the supply of industrial and mining land, which recovered in 2020. As consumption and trade activity in the country continued to grow, market demand for storage continued to rise, and the industry remained relatively undeveloped.
Figure 119 Logistics custody costs and the same ratio (100 billion, per cent) between 2010 and 2020, which is usually higher than other commercial real estate assets, has been attracting long-term capital, such as state sovereign funds, pension funds and insurance funds. According to IAF statistics, international ownership is the norm.
There are good prospects for the development of the logistics real estate sector, and it is clear that business cross-border entry is evident. 1) The representative of a professional foreign logistics firm, Prolos, broke the ice.
Prolos entered China in 2003 and brought into the country international standards for warehousing logistics facilities. 2) Domestic electricity suppliers and upstream firms in the supply chain, such as logistics. As electricity suppliers and courier logistics developed, electricity and logistics firms entered the logistics real estate sector, and in 2007 Kyoto formally entered the logistics property area and moved to Hong Kong in 2021.
In 2014, the year in which many real-estate companies think about the transformation of diversity, the credit environment is still relatively relaxed, and real-estate firms have strong financial advantages.
Logistics property remains in essence property, the location of plots and the acquisition of land prices largely determines the subsequent rate of return on investment. Real estate firms with experience and advantages in real estate development have easier access to well-positioned and low-priced land, which means that they can do their job at lower cost and achieve a higher rate of return on investment.
A strong real estate enterprise can quickly enter the virtuous circle of expansion. 4) Financial institutions enter with capital.
The rate of return is higher than that of other types of property, but it takes a long time. Financial institutions, such as peace, that are well funded and low-cost, financial institutions that focus on financial security and long-term returns, and projects with high returns and stability, such as logistics property.
Good development prospects have attracted capital and business entry in a number of industries, such as real estate, electricity, retail, and finance, and have further boosted industry development. Policy “catalyzing” the regulation of logistics warehousing.
Focusing on the construction of storage facilities, there is a contradiction between the level of development of the warehousing sector, which makes it difficult to meet the growing demand, and to set the domestic warehousing sector on a more regulated and rapid development path, creating a better political environment for industry development.
In 2017, the State Council issued its Opinions on Furthering Logistics and Reducing Efficiency for Substantive Economic Development, further promoting logistics mitigation efficiency, investing in a sound logistics environment and enhancing the development of the logistics industry. The epidemic since 2020 has affected the logistics sector, particularly the cold chain logistics sector.
In the long run of the logistics real estate project, the rapid return of funds through the collection of rents cannot be achieved through the sale of similar properties, thus giving rise to the emergence of securitization products such as abbs, class reits.
In June 2020, the first class of reits product in the country’s capital market, the Trans-Sunning Cloud Asset Support Program, was launched as the first logistics warehouse product in China’s capital market, demonstrating the value of investment in logistics property in an equity-based reits model, which was widely recognized by investors.
The assets securitization has increased the liquidity of the logistics property, accelerated the cycle of assets and cash, and the practice of these reits products, although there is a gap between mature markets, is still a very effective attempt.
There are many experiences with the design and business operations aspects of the domestic market. The location of the domestic public fund-raising reits policy offers new opportunities, and the introduction of the April 2020 circular on the promotion of work related to the pilot of the Reits Trust Fund for Real Estate Investment in Infrastructure is clearly regulated.
Compliance with domestic logistics real estate products also provides a clear direction for the development of logistics real estate. In June 2021, the Shanghai Standing Meeting of Municipalities considered and adopted the Implementation Opinion for the Development of New Highlands by the Shanghai Trust Fund for Accelerated Real Estate Investment (REITs), which provides for the creation of specific funds,
Support policies such as submission operations, support to fund managers for operations, expansion of product investors, development of professional services, and enhancement of accompanying policy support.Infrastructure fund raising is an internationally available and configured asset with high liquidity, relatively stable returns, etc.
In the area of infrastructure, there is a clear pattern of profitability for movable property, cash flows are relatively stable, and the conditions for issuing public funds are met.
In May 2021, the Pros declared infrastructure public fund-raising project, the Central Kimpoulos Storage Logistics Closed Infrastructure Portfolio Investment Fund, was approved for registration by the CSRC and officially entered the public collection and sale phase.
It will enrich the exit channels of logistics property and create a sustainable closure of “investment, construction, operation, exit.” It will be important for asset holders to quickly return funds to finance the project and help to finance the logistics property.
7.3 The logistics sector’s returns have continued to grow, and the epidemic has seized on development opportunities Retail consumption expansion, pushing the new crown epidemic up the cold chain and high-priced reservoir demand. In the broader context of China’s consumer market expansion, the new crown pneumonia epidemic has been fueled by the build-up of the logistics real estate industry.
According to IAF, in 2018 the per capita storage area in the country was 0.7 square metres per person, well below 4.0 square metres per person in Japan and 3.8 square metres per person in the United States, and there was considerable market space for domestic warehousing logistics. 1) The “house economy” and the live-carrying vent have expanded the demand for logistics. In recent years, e-commerce has been expanding.
In addition, the rapid expansion of live-on delivery services in the wake of the neo-crowd pneumonia epidemic has further increased demand for logistics properties. Online retail sales of consumer goods reached 11.8 trillion yuan in 2020, an increase of 10.9% compared to 30% of total social consumer goods. Logistics property is an important part of the retail supply chain.
The demand for increased consumption will continue to boost the demand for logistics property, which has an important role to play in increasing the efficiency of logistics delivery and consumption experiences in retail enterprises. As electricity suppliers increasingly focus on supply chain efficiency and stability, and impose higher requirements on facilities equipped for logistics, the market for high-value banks will expand.
The White Paper " Supply Chain Flow Perspectives, Changes in China ' s Business Flows " , for example, in the case of solarized goods, and in the case of warehouses, the following requirements are mainly met: (a) there is a higher requirement for fire-fighting levels in warehouses, according to priority: (a) parts of the solar products are sprayed with aluminium cans, and alcohol is prevalent in cosmetics containing water soluble solvents and fat soluble solvents.
At more than 60%. (b) Facilitating rapid entry and exit of goods due to a clear quality assurance schedule, a requirement for a wider loading and unloading door and reasonable access to the warehouse. (c) The high frequency of cosmetic consumption and the high number of sku require a higher warehouse level to meet the installation of automated equipment to increase the turnover of goods. (d) Temperature, evasiveness, ventilation, and protection against tides,
This is still important, and basically the stores on the market can be satisfied, so it is at the end. Technology empowerment will serve as a booster for logistics firms to mitigate efficiency gains, and automated and intelligent logistics technology will be effective in increasing space utilization and operational efficiency in high-value repositories.
During the outbreak, the demand for medicines (vaccinators) increased and contributed to the development of cold chain logistics. The outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic imposed a phased challenge on China’s logistics real estate market, but it also created new opportunities for logistics industry development.
Yes. The important role of the logistics storage industry in supporting the normal functioning of China’s economy and society and the storage of medicines, including vaccines, is reflected in the strict control of the epidemic. According to the White Paper on the Epidemic Supply Chain, published jointly by dhl and McKenzie in September 2020 (Diveringpandemicresilience: HowtosecuritySuply)
Chainsforvacinesandmedicalgoodsduringthecovid-19crisisandfuture billion, which requires about 200,000 pallets and about 15 million coolers. US Pfizer has indicated that the mrna nucleic acid vaccine produced by the company can be kept at minus 70°c for six months at -25°c ~ 15°c
Warm transport boxes can be kept for 15 days and under cold storage conditions for 5 days at 2-8°c. Chinese companies such as pharmaceuticals, Quixin organisms store 2-8°c at a normal temperature. The transport of new crown vaccines poses a high demand and a huge challenge for cold chains and deep cold chain equipment. The epidemic may accelerate the development of the medical industry,
During the outbreak, the need to secure the logistics storage of medicines and medical devices and the importance of improving the supply chain of medicines (vaccine) will be met with the emergence of a stream dividend, with cold-chain infrastructure service providers or the biggest winners. Before the outbreak, raw power suppliers had emerged and played an increasingly important role.
The cost-payers’ immediate presence of fresh foods has directed millions of flows to raw power suppliers, with a sharp increase in the operation of many raw-food platforms, such as tweaks, cartons, and daily beauty. The epidemic has created, to some extent, new opportunities for the rapid development of the fresh food and related storage industries. Cold-chain infrastructure service providers have opened up large markets based on China’s products.
According to public information, China’s cold-chain logistics market has continued to expand, with the cold-chain logistics industry growing by 17.5% in 2019, reaching 3,39.1 billion yuan. The growth in consumption on the line will drive the entire logistics industry to increase its investment in cold-chain transport and storage, and the cold-chain sector is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
Figure 129 Vaccine transport process and volume sub-trail transport in freezer
Figure 130 Distribution of supply chain networks of enterprises operated on a retail basis by fast-discharged enterprises Figure 131 Totals and stock of storage logistics facilities per capita (billion square metres, square metres/persons)
The 8-long apartment change model, which moves into the critical “battle” phase, involves the industry shuffling under the 8.1 policy, which provides a secure head-to-head seat for the long-lease apartment at Vankobau. The rental policy regulates the long-lease market, some brand-owned funds are under pressure, and the industry is in the process of shuffling the cards.
Impacts, slow growth in long-lease markets, declining rent and rental rates, and the frenzy of long-rent brands based on the “high-income low-rent” asset model, the financial situation deteriorated rapidly, and the relevant policy regulation markets were rapidly introduced at the central and local levels as long-rent apartment brands, such as nesters and Shizuya, followed by thunderstorms. For example, in September 2020, the Ministry of Housing and Construction responded to the Housing Lease Regulations (requested)
An open consultation (hereinafter referred to as the Regulations) provides for the market behaviour and operations of the leasing enterprise, rent regulation, etc., and provides for a targeted correction of the disturbances in the long-lease market to ensure its sound functioning.
At the end of 2020, according to the Vanko Annual Report, the group operated 18.44 million long-term apartments, with a cumulative total of 14.24 million open, and 33,000 new ones opened during the year.
The overall rental rate of open projects was more than 95%; 2,540 million yuan was collected in 2020, an increase of 72.33% over the same period.
Building; establishment of a Vankot team in 2014 to carry out rental operations; consolidation of apartment operations for the heads of the sub-companys by 2016, integrated into management operations; and establishment of rental operations as a core business in the semi-annual report in 2018. While the period has been marked by events such as the collapse of the Mankai Project, the exploration and cultivation of the rental market for more than a decade has undoubtedly been consolidated
As the demand for market rigidity continues to grow, and thanks to the early edges and sedimentation of the early layout, the apartment has been created since 2016.
At first, less than 60,000 were growing rapidly. By mid-2021, there were 147,000 open units, or 22.3 per cent of the total size of the consumable long-rented apartment 20; at the same time, the size of the management was 190,000, the largest and far greater than the other brands.
In the first half of 2021, Vankobo is ranked 6 out of all long-lease apartment brands, and according to the view index, the Vankobo apartment has a steady growth index of 2-4 in the first half of the year. As the long-lease apartment market slows down, the Vankobo apartment will continue to be a leader in the industry, leading to good market performance.
Chart 136 Central flat management scale, Chart 137 Central apartment opening scale, foot and foot
Anttoserveofserveofserveofserveofservefofserveofserveofserveofservefofservevevevefofserveofofserveofserveofserveofsefserveofofserveofserveofofserveofofserveofserveofserveofofserveofserveofservefofserveofserveofserveofserveofserveofservevevevevevevevevevevefofservevevevevevevevevevevevevefofservevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevevefsvevevevefsvevevevevevevevevevevevefvevevevevevevevevevevevevevefvefvefveveveveveveveveveveveveffffvevevevevevevevevevevevevevevefveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveveve
The landscape can be divided briefly into four types of estates, intermediaries, hotels, and entrepreneurship (Internet brands). For intermediaries and start-up brands, the business model of light assets, which is sublet by charter, has expanded rapidly in previous years, but because they do not own assets, they have been a major disaster area in recent years.
The market entry threshold is relatively high and the project is more difficult. The growth has been slower in previous years. According to the Krewe rentals, 56 land leases were made in 2020 in priority cities across the country, with a total construction area of about 3.65 million. By the end of 2020, a cumulative total of 235 land leases had been introduced.
The construction area is more than 15.2 million; on the one hand, new rental land will continue to move to the market, on the other hand, policy will continue to add value to the supply and construction of home-owned rental housing, to the promotion of equal rights to rent and purchase, and the future of the brand will undoubtedly be more favoured by policy and more opportunities for development.
Changes in demand in the post-epidemiology era put higher demands on cost control, and renters of the market had the right to set prices. According to the study of the Blue Book for Graduates of the University of 2020, published by the People’s Networking Information Center in conjunction with the Eggshell Apartments, the impact of the epidemic on graduation and employment was higher than in 2019, when graduates became rent-bearing in 2020.
There has been a marked decline; as a result of the increase in household time, tenants have raised a higher demand for residential space and the environment. In post-epidemiological rental markets, the competing demand for better rental conditions and lower rent levels imposes stricter requirements for business cost control, which will necessarily require more efficient operations and supply chain management capabilities;
Renovation costs account for the bulk of the total development costs in the previous period, and the cost-side reverses the profit dilemma. Because of the high pre-development costs and the slow return of rents, the profit cycle has long been a pain in the long-lease apartment market.
The cost of development of a project in an apartment enterprise is deconstructed, and the bulk of the pre-investment effort is in the conversion of the housing source to a meta/m3 project, renovation decorations (approximately 66 per cent), electrical appliances (13.18 per cent and 9.06 per cent), furniture (10.94 per cent and 13.24 per cent), which in turn accounts for an absolute proportion of the cost of renovation, which is close to 90 per cent; and in the cost of furnishings, civil construction
The cost of installation is about two-thirds more. An analysis of the above-mentioned cost composition shows that controlling the cost of adaptation, reducing the amount of decorations, electrical equipment and furniture is the key to reducing the profitability of long-lease apartments.
Chart 145. The cost of retrofitting one or two projects of a long-rented apartment company constitutes the advantage of a platform built up with the benefit of the size of the supply chain, where Vankobo is occupying and long-term occupying the position of leader in the development of the long-rented apartment.
As the only procurement channel for Huanko, it is designed to optimize the supply chain outcomes of industry leaders, reduce costs, control quality, and improve efficiency. Since its inception, there have been more than 3,000 excellent suppliers, 200,000 excellent commodities, and 100 billion tradables.
Since this year, construction materials such as waterproof materials, decorative coatings, glass, plastic pipes and hardware have been on the rise, and the construction and renovation industry has been under great pressure on the supply side. The building is built on a platform built by Huanko.
The scale effect, while reducing costs, has greatly increased the efficiency of procurement management and quality control, and the puncture has expanded rapidly to capture upstream and downstream pricing rights. And as the supply chain is further consolidated and optimized, its profitability will in the future be based on building platforms to address supply chain pains.
Lower costs, optimize supply chains, superproducts.
Order price and status tracking in real time, release standards after feedback is verified, out-of-house, online transactions.
Co-tendering of bid products, new products, explosive products
Centralized procurement, economies of scale, Skynet, Sky-Eye, Sky-Survey Monitoring, SkyNet Quality Review Report, Associated Projects
Platform regulation, coordination of disputes Service platform, non-profit instruments High-threshold supplier screening assessment
What's the break-up of the 8.2-long rental apartment model?
On the one hand, the development process, thanks to Vanko's rich experience of working with the government, has fully benefited from the platform dividends of self-sustaining projects and government projects, and on the other hand, in long-lease operations, through a standardized chain of development and a mature supply chain and operating system that can significantly reduce the cost of refurbishment and operation.
At present, the hangar has an advantage in product development, construction processes, operation management, intellectual technology, brand names, and staff training. For example, one-one-one-one-one-one-one-thirty houses are more efficient than the entire industry.
Three lines of product for the berthing, the mid-end and the upper end of the berth, identifying new entrants, groups with a working life, and higher-quality demand groups, respectively, to meet different market demands. From the berthing network, long-term rental products at the upper end of the berthing are extended to two rooms with a family size of more than 130 square metres.
In the broader context of successive changes, long-rent market demand is expected to expand gradually from single-person groups to households, with well-developed product lines covering different types of groups with different types of demand, as well as niche markets. Multiple models of development and search for the most profitable models of long-rented apartments have been found.
Capabilities are highly questionable, the cost of the source of housing is high and the cost of previous renovations is high, even if a higher rental rate is guaranteed, the business maintains high cash flow pressure, and the market is looking for ways to break down the profitability of long-term rental apartments. Since the collapse of the "Mankind Village Plan" in 2019, building on its failures has been actively pursued in recent years.
A model for development, with market feedback, is the best way to find a profit model for long-term rental apartments.
With the emphasis in the report of the Government for 2021 on “a substantial increase in the supply of secure rental housing and shared-ownership housing, regulating the development of the long-rent housing market, reducing the burden of rental housing taxes and taxes, and doing its utmost to ease housing difficulties for new citizens, young people, etc.”, the virtuous development of the long-rent apartment market plays a key role in this regard.
In March 2019, the government set up a working group on the protection and use of the ancient city of Shenzhen, which is led by the Government, implemented by enterprises, in response to the need for urban renewal and cultural heritage.
In a new urban context, the government, in coordination with urban planning and home-source recycling, has strengthened the control and bargaining power of the Vankobo apartment over its sources and reduced the cost of its sources.
Figure 149 Hsien Shenzhen's redevelopment of the surface of the ancient city of Shenzhen South, and with the support and guidance of the current “business change” policy, through the renovation of rental housing for inefficient commercial projects, has been expanded with the publication in Beijing in 2017 of the Report on the Further Enhancement of the Use of Collective Land for the Construction of Rented Housing
It is planned to supply 1,000 hectares of collective land over five years, and 18 cities throughout the country have adopted a policy of adding to their collective land supply.
Based on the cooperative model of collective land tenure rental, the cash flow pressure of the pre-existing high land cost has been eased from the source.
3. Long-lease apartments are used as entry points, commercial connections create a convergence of benefits, and new models of profit are created. The city living halls are shared, providing spatial functions such as books, coffee, short meals, video, table and table games, fitness, art exhibitions, etc. In addition, the 3,800-segregated community commercial space includes a variety of trades such as catering, tidal trends, culture and the arts.
The rental of an apartment as a flow entrance, combined with Huanko ' s own strong business operations, creates a confluence of residential and commercial connections, creating a new business model that will reap the dividends of the flow.
Fangjun, daggor, drop out of the garage.
9 Divisional valuation: diversified business value restoration: 9.1 development profit chain re-engineering, forward-looking layout diversification business value restoration, as a result of the pre-sale approach of commodity houses, the impact on the entire development chain can be seen in two ways: 1)
After taking up the land, pre-sales conditions are met by starting work, and sales by pre-sale certificates are desirable (a fast-moving project will be reduced in the first half of the chain of development); 2) after selling, delivery is possible after a further period of construction has been completed. It is therefore conservatively estimated that the industry will have a two-and-three-year relay period from taking land until completion.
The intensity of construction has become an important influence in the process of transferring the construction to completion (where the start-up is guided by the completion of the work, rather than the completion of the work, in view of the past “storage model”); and the “place” of the entire chain starting point appears to be more disturbed by the financing environment.
In the context of the expected slowdown in the industry, the policy mode of regulation enters the “high frequency fine-tuning” normal phase of development operations Restructured profit chains. A range of policies, such as “three red lines”, “two concentration”, land supply, loan concentration management, and “four limits” limit upland access and sales, coupled with the effect of subsequent “policy patches”, limit profits from development operations.
At the end of land acquisition, Vanko, by virtue of his own advantages, has placed an advance bet on Todd and city upgrades, which are detailed in chapter IV of this document. Sales promotion and refunds are based on sales end restrictions, given the excellent structure of the 10,000 science-values, with a focus on the four major urban areas of deep-cultivation, particularly the Great Bay of Australia and the Long Triangle.
The central city of the domain, which ensures a certain rate of decolonization, is described in detail in chapter I of the present document. Figure 1.54 million points of strategic transformation in terms of the evolution of the domestic real estate sector, which is divided into five parts, 1) National Team 1980-1990
During the trial period, which mainly represents the China House Group. (2) During the 1990-1998 local start-up period for private enterprises, the main candidates were Huanko, the Five Tigers of South China (Bei Qui Garden, Heng Dynasty, Fulfi, Yaguy and Co-Creation) and Huan Da, which started in Dalian, and which benefited from local regional dividends. 3) During the 1998-2014 expansion of housing enterprises throughout the country.
4) The period from 2014 to 2018 was marked by high leverage, high turnover, Vanko, Bézier Gardens, growth, convergence of leaders, and by the fact that this period of development, which is represented by Xin Xiaohua, Tae Yung, Sun City, and e-mail, has reached the stage. 5) This period has been marked by two key words, one from 2018 to the present.
One is the “recession of the nation” and the other is the “operating city”. The former represents the larger advantage of the return to the land and financing advantages of companies such as the Pavlé estate, China Yue land, commercial snakes, etc., with the conglomerate background, while the latter represents the urgency of the search for a “second track” of the contortion of the home.
During the above-mentioned period, Vanko has not been left behind since joining the real estate industry, and as the country's urbanization process unfolds for 30 years, the advantage of this has been to: (a) have a forward-looking influence on the urbanization process and on the development of urban clusters, four urban clusters in the Vankob region, the Great Bay and Long Triangle regions in the reopening of the port of Kasakang, and the early deployment of urban clusters in the long triangle regions.
Urban renewal, based on an understanding of urbanization development policies, in the context of regional urbanization development