22H1 Performance Update: The impact of the outbreak in Viet Nam has diminished, 27/07/2022
The impact of the south epidemic on production has been mitigated, some of the q1 delay orders have been made up at q2 and the q2 Māori ratio has recovered slightly from o1.  The impact of the outbreak in Viet Nam has been reduced, the q2 volume has continued its trend upwards, and the growth of q1 has been accelerated.
The sale of moving shoes at 115 million double/yoy+13.27%, according to which the sales unit price of 22h1 is estimated to be approximately 86 yuan/the increase in volume is mainly due to the climbing of production in three new plants in Viet Nam, the reduced impact of the outbreak in Viet Nam, and the increase in prices is mainly due to the upgrading of the core customer product structure.
Growth accelerated, mainly as a result of the impact of the q1 Viet Nam epidemic on staff attendance and the internal Guangxi closure on the transport of raw materials, resulting in a slight slowdown in performance; and as the outbreak improved in Viet Nam since March, traffic resumed at the border since April, the level of operation of the plants gradually recovered, with some q1 delayed
In the second half of the year, the recession is expected to intensify, especially in the United States, under high inflation + interest pressure.
q3’s lower than expected recovery in China’s consumption since the beginning of the year, as well as a possible recession in other economies, Wally Group (300979): mid-to-high units in 2022. The top five clients of the company are Nike, vf, deeckers, puma, ua.
Quarterly Review: q1 Viet Nam has a slight disturbance, and end-sales also face certain challenges, which may have an impact on supplier orders. But consider moving, do not change the overall trend towards good.
The relatively high visibility of orders to the Wally Group is that the company usually consults with its major clients in advance of the next year (or even in the medium and long term) and prepares its output accordingly. We therefore believe that for the production pole, which is in a state of scarcity, the client is more sticky.
Wally Group (300979): The 2021 report is relatively small, and it is more interesting to note that it is a product-capable climber.
It is expected to benefit further from increased concentration in the process of industry pressure.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are the world’s leading professional shoe manufacturers, 22o1 performers, small slowdowns in growth affected by the Vietnam epidemic, q2 decreases with the effects of the epidemic, and performance on the productivity slopes
"Walley Group (300979): 2021.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board