Wally Group (300.979): Clients continue to recognize that production and production are advancing smoothly, and supply and demand are increasing.
Incident: semi-annual corporate disclosure: operating income of $9,899 million in the first half of the year increased by 20.79 per cent in the second quarter of the year, of which operating income of $5,775 million in the second quarter increased by 28.5 per cent in the second quarter, net profit of $914 million for the mother, sold as the world ' s leading professional shoe manufacturer, mainly
The increase of 28 per cent in the same year and the net profit from withholding was $892 million, a 24 per cent increase in the same year. Under the United States dollar, the first half of the year was an increase of 20.10 per cent and 20.36 per cent in the same year for the entire industry of Nike, Converse, vans, Puma, and ugg.
Prominent sports brands provide development design and manufacturing services. The rise in production capacity and changes in client order structures together bring about growth in the first half of the year, with profit stability showing corporate advantage in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc.
Status. In the first half of the year, companies sold 115 million pairs of sneakers, increasing their sales by 13.27 per cent, and the single price of products opened 20 shoe factories, one of the few professional world manufacturers of sneakers producing more than 100 million pairs of sneakers.
The increase was limited, but changes in the structure of the products of the first-largest client (the increase in the series of high-priced-bit orders and the decline in low-value products such as slippers) led to a marked increase in the price of the product unit. As a result of the profit margin, the first half of the year was gross, while cost cuts and lower income taxes kept the net profit in the first half of the year.
Client recognition continues, large clients are robust, and new clients are ordered over time. The top five clients account for 92%.
There is now a solid basis for working with companies, and in the first half of the year there has been an increase of nearly 30% in Nike’s purchase orders, and a 20% increase in both deeckers and vf. For new clients, the willingness to work together is strong, and the rapid release of the new power’s running shoes has been largely supported by Wallian capacity, the company’s head.
In an objective environment, some international brands are currently facing high levels of water in stock, but stock formation is mainly related to the poor supply chain last year, and the sports industry as a whole still maintains a high profile, while Wally is the core supplier of major customers.
In recent years, Wally's capacity for quality control, delivery, and cost control has been consistently recognized, and orders have been more resilient. We have a full stock of orders for the second half of the year, as well as a year-end deal with brands to increase capital spending, build capacity, and sustain supply-side growth.
This increase is mainly due to the uphilling of three factories and the expansion of a small number of them last year. The company spent about 870 million yuan in capital in the first half of the year, which is now more than it did last year, and the company’s substantial increase in capital spending this year has led to a much larger increase in subsequent capacity.
The concentration of production capacity is resonant with the expansion of new brands, and orders are expected to increase significantly next year. The company’s continued capacity-building and supply-side growth are guaranteed.
In combination with the company’s productive capacity and hand-held orders, maintaining a year-round optimistic profit judgement, the expected rise in public power is more than expected, and the increase in shipping costs is more than anticipated.
Wally Group (300.979): Clients continue to recognize, produce successfully, supply and demand both for growth.
Buyer ' s experience, covering research in large consumer industries, with buyer ' s research thinking.
Shen Chong Lian is the researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Wally Group (300.979): customer recognition continues, productive capacity progresses well, and supply and demand are generating growth on both sides of the equation.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.