On 18 August 2022, the Wallies Group published its semi-annual report for 2022. The company earned $9,899 million in operating income from 2022h1.
\triangleright takes and returns the net profit increase ring significantly higher. Product restructuring & capacity continues to expand to boost sales prices. Sub-products, sports and leisure shoes contribute to the main camp.
\triangleright, with a reduction in sales of relatively low-priced sandal products, company 2022h1 sports leisure shoes/exercise sandals and other/outdoor boots earn $84.16/7.92.673 million, or +26.48 per cent/-13.40 per cent/+10.55 per cent, respectively.
The net profit has remained stable due to the impact of the surging of the new capacity and the epidemic. The relative severity of the disease in northern Viet Nam at the beginning of 2022 has led to lower-than-normal attendance of some of the workers, the closure of the ground transportation customs crossing affecting the supply of raw materials, Liu Wenzheng
This, in turn, has had a negative impact on plant productivity, affecting the performance of the q1 Māori rate (same ratio - 3.70 ptt); with the return to normality in mid-March with the level of staff attendance and the operation of the overland customs post in April, the adverse factors have subsided and the q2 Māori rate has dropped by Xin Zexie
In the short term, the order schedule is more full, and the multiplicity of customers provides certainty of growth. International consumer demand is relatively weak, owing to factors such as high overseas inflation, but the firm is now fully booked.) Growth is resilient in terms of large clients.
1. Wally Group (300979.sz) Dynamic Assessment Report: Production-based, client-based, production-scale expansion steady and robust, with no significant contraction in outdoor sports consumption. 2) Limited exposure to macro-environmental impacts from the perspective of new clients.
Some of the new clients are limited by macro-related factors, owing to their relatively small size, a well-defined target population, and limited by the temporary failure to release their capacity, and by the fact that real demand is more intense, providing a potential engine of growth for the company. The year will continue to provide productive capacity, while the company will continue to build factories in northern Viet Nam, with many new plants remaining in 2023.
Investing in production; (2) Indonesia: the company anticipates that the first phase of the plant will start contributing productive capacity in 2023; (3) Myanmar: the political changes in Myanmar, the impact of the epidemic, have begun and construction has now resumed, and the expansion of capacity will be a positive guarantee of growth in corporate income.
In the context of consumption, rising incomes continue to be contributed, while the demand of new customers is high, currently constrained by the inability to fully release capacity, moving forward with the build-up of corporate capacity, which can be expected to expand spatially driven by the demand of a diverse population.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.