Wally Group (300.979): 2-quarter production, profit recovery, orders.
Events: The company published the first half of the year ' s performance report: in the first half of the year, total operating income of $9,899 million was increased by the same year, and was the world ' s leading professional manufacturer of sneakers, mainly Nike, Converse, vans, Puma, ug, etc.
In the second quarter, the growth rate was maintained at a higher base than last year, with a marked acceleration than in the first quarter. The world’s famous sports brands provide development design and manufacturing services. (After excluding the effects of exchange rate movements, business income increased by 20.10 per cent in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, attributable to listed companies.)
The net profits of corporate shareholders in Vietnam, China, Dominica, Myanmar and elsewhere increased by 20.36 per cent over the year, with exchange rate movements having less effect on corporate income and performance growth.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 115 million pairs of sneakers, an increase of 13.27% over the same year, with the company’s major clients accounting for a higher share, the top five.
The share of large clients is close to 90%, and the large number of major clients' orders has led to an increase in sales in the first half of the year. On the price side, the calculation of the price rose by 6.6%. This represents a marked change in the product structure, mainly due to the higher prices of the first-largest customer.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: q1 production lags well in the second quarter, and the completion of production tasks throughout the year is not affected. The first half of the year saw the growth of q1 product structure.
The impact of the epidemic has dissipated, attendance has returned to normal, and business profitability has recovered.q1 Vietnam’s epidemic has caused factories to drop by 2 pct.
The two-quarter Māori ratio has recovered slightly from the first quarter, and the two-quarter business-rate round has recovered. Looking ahead, full orders will provide a significant guarantee of profit margins throughout the year, looking at their maintenance of 27% gross.
The top five client orders are growing strongly, especially at an upswing stage in the Nike brand, with new customers gradually adding new growth contributions (the new clients include, inter alia, hokaoneone, Arthur, New Brunswick), and the client structure guarantees steady growth of orders. In terms of capacity, the productivity this year has increased.
If last year's climb of three factories and a small number of plant expansions: in the long run, the construction of new plants in Viet Nam, Myanmar, and India remains on track to ensure future production is released. We think that the efficient production and timely delivery of the company's skills in the field of sports, shoe substitution, excellent factory management experience will be possible.
The continued recognition of downstream customers is more prominent than competitors in the larger context of the epidemic, with investment proposals: we maintain a year-round optimistic profit judgement, with a combination of company productivity and hand-ordering, a projected increase in the price of shipping costs over and above expectations.
Research assistant: Wei Woo-meng, the source of financial prosperity in the East, S1480120070031
Wally Group (300.979) quick review of performance: second quarter production, profit recovery, good year-round performance of orders
Buyer ' s experience, covering research in large consumer industries, with buyer ' s research thinking.
Wei Woo-ming, electricity dealers, traditional retail sales, jewellery, etc.
Shen Jillun's own research opinion. Any part of her remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Wally Group (300.979) fast-tracked performance: second quarter production, profit recovery, good year-round performance of orders, and no guarantee of change in information and advice. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.