With the impact of exchange rate movements excluded, the company’s operating income increased by 20.10%, and the net profit from the parent increased.
20.36%. 22H1 downstream client orders are in high demand and the impact of the Vietnam epidemic on factory production has improved, contributing to a robust growth of 22h1. 2022q2 achieved income and net return profit of 84.85 billion
Downstream markets have high demand, and the volume of sneakers has risen. 22h1 companies have continued to strengthen Li Xing with outstanding product start-up capacity, good product quality, rapid response capacity, and delivery capacity.
In close cooperation with head customers, full access to the 22h1 high-scene downstream market is needed. The demand for the 2022h1 downstream customer order is strong, while the impact of the Vietnam epidemic on Vietnamese factory production is gradually being mitigated, production manufacturing is recovering significantly, and the company highlights as a combined cost advantage, 22h1.
Formula sports shoe sales reached 115 million pairs, an increase of 13.27 per cent, and the 22q2 Māori ratio compared to 22 q1 gross, with a robust growth in the strategic performance of diverse clients, and a smooth climb in productivity that is expected to be sustained. Companies have adopted high-quality customer diversification strategies and strategies focused on jogging leisure, and diversified client structures.
To promote a relatively robust growth in corporate performance, focused support companies in product categories continue to deepen production quality and quality control, and to achieve further economies of scale production and mitigation efficiency. 2022h1 Viet Nam ' s new plant can climb well, accompanying the construction of factories in Viet Nam, Myanmar, Indonesia, and
With a gradual increase in per capita efficiency, the company is expected to expand its size further, strengthen its production mix, and perform more productively. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we maintain the company’s 2022-2024 ps.
The long-term growth of the track, the company’s dominant position as a sports shoe forerunner, the growth of performance, the certainty, the space for long-term development, and the maintenance of a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, the spread of the new Vietnamese crown pneumonia epidemic
2022.4 "Performance with expectations, sports shoes, good management of the epidemic, steady growth in performance"
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in Consumer Products at the University of Kyotan, four years of experience in consumer goods industry studies, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in the textile light industry as part of a non-consensual, non-consensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.