q2 q2 performance growth, sports shoe taps showing growth resilience Events: company 2022h1 achieved $9.899 billion, equal gain of 20.79 per cent, net benefit to mother group (300979.sz)
The demand for sneakers has remained high, company downstream orders have been growing rapidly, and Vietnam’s factories have been affected by the epidemic with significant improvements, start-up rates have returned to normal, and income and profit growth rings have accelerated.
> Head clients earn a higher share of their income, and the volume of sneakers has risen. The top five customers at 202H1 are 92.18%, head customers' orders are growing, and the epidemic is more focused on high-quality suppliers, Lee.
Co-operation. 2022H1 sells sports shoes of 115 million pairs, with an increase of 13.27%. The total output is produced and the rate of start-up of Vietnamese factories affected by the epidemic has declined. The average sale price for sports shoes of 202H1 is 86.08 yuan/double, an increase of 6.66%, and the product and customer structure have been further upgraded.
Core products drive income growth, and demand in the markets of Europe and America remains high. Sub-products show that 2022h1 company sports leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals/slippers and other income-generating core products are growing. Sub-regionally, 2022h1 companies, the United States, Europe, and others, are growing.
24.97 per cent, 142.04 per cent, the European and United States markets maintained a rapid increase in motor demand in a high-inflationary economic environment, with sufficient orders from their head customers, contributing to steady and rapid growth in corporate incomes.
In Viet Nam, where plant start-up rates have declined and where early production is less efficient, sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots have a Māori rate of 27.05 per cent, 21.01 per cent, with the same increase of 2.65 pct, 1.24 pct. 2) Increased interest income on deposits and higher exchange rate gains have led to a significant decrease in financial cost rates, R&D, R&D, R&D, R&D, etc.
Growth: 2022.1 Management cost rates are generally stable. 3) Net cash flow from the operations of the 2022h1 company is $1,103 million.
The same increase of 50.48% is due mainly to the increase in the scale of sales and lower taxes paid. Short-term high inflation affects overseas consumption, and firms actively expand their production capacity to drive long-term growth.
The country is affected by high inflation, and the consumer capacity of the population has declined, but the demand for sports is relatively rigid, with bright head performance, 2022.4.
Consumers focus on physical exercise, and demand for sports shoes is estimated to have performed relatively well. Global sales of brands such as Doo Adidas, vf Group, Puma have continued to grow in the second quarter of 2022, companies have worked with Quality Branders, the industry has gained a significant advantage, benefiting from increased market shares, and overall purchase orders.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has been growing steadily. Short-term brand orders have fallen somewhat under the influence of high inflation and are now in Europe and the United States.
Domestic inflation has begun to decline gradually, overseas consumption is expected to recover, brand demand is expected to recover, building No. 1 of the 9th House of Gospel Street in Beijing, the West Side of Beijing, and companies are actively expanding production capacity in South-East Asia and promoting income growth.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: considering the impact of high short-term inflation in Europe and America on the overall consumer market, I \triangleright track is growing over time, short-term stock price adjusted valuations are at a lower level and companies are expanding in the future
Zhang has a market share of leading branders such as Nike, Puma, Andrema, actively expanding new customers, with a high degree of certainty of performance growth, long-term development space, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, and an expansion of the new Vietnamese crown pneumonia epidemic
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in Consumer Products at the University of Kyotan, four years of experience in consumer goods industry studies, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in the textile light industry as part of a non-consensual, non-consensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.