Securities Centre for the Upgradation and Recreation of Consumption
q2 performance exceeded expectations, production and sales together contributed to growth Downstream orders were full and tied to the depth of high-quality customers: while overseas retail growth slowed, companies 1. Wally Group 1q22 performance rating - head clients
Core clients have been able to increase their performance through their sports-only functional attributes and their own capabilities, and some of the latest financial seasons have continued to grow: 1) deeckersq4 (up to 3.31) with revenues from hokaone one/ugg increasing by 59.7 per cent or 24.7 per cent, respectively; 2) vf groupq4 (up to 4.2) with revenues from the same income.
12 per cent increase, the slowdown was mainly affected by the Greater China Region epidemic; 3) nikeq4 (as of 3.Walley Group 3q21 Performance Review - Less Season 5.31) revenue fell by 1 per cent compared to the same year, but footwear generally performed better than costumes and in some areas were sold.
Quality growth is facilitated by improved order structure, higher volume prices: IH22 sells sports shoes 115 million, double, 13.27 per cent year-on-year, estimated unit price increases by 1 digit, q1 order structure improvement trend 4. Walli Group 1h21 Performance Quick Report Review - Season 2
Single-q2 shoe sales are expected to reach 64 million pairs, corresponding to +19%, and ring +25%, reflecting the resilience of the recent demand for sneakers. The spread of the epidemic has led to a recovery in the Māori rate, with expansion steadily advancing: q1 as a result of short-term outbreak disturbances and spring festivals.
As a result of the fall in capacity utilization since q2, as the epidemic is under control, staff attendance has resumed, and the factory camps have largely recovered, contributing to a small recovery in the Māori ratio compared to q1, as well as to higher levels of automation and efficiency in the company, which leaves room for higher profitability throughout the year. In terms of capacity, the three new plants that began production at the end of last year are stable.
It is hoped to maintain its bright performance throughout the year by climbing up the slopes and increasing production capacity in tandem with the orders. Keeping in view the continued growth and optimization of client orders under the high demand track; and supply end-of-life capacity expansion, which drives performance growth.
Shelley, Viet Nam’s rising human cost, the slower pace of expansion than expected, and the decline in overseas end demand.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment