Wally Group (300979.sz) 28 per cent growth in performance in the second quarter, increased capital spending on expanding productive capacity Textile clothing and textile manufacturing
Billion, 20.8 per cent over the same period, demand surged and sales/unit prices increased by 13.7 per cent over the same period (the exchange rate had an impact on income and unit prices of about 1 percentage point), nearly 30 per cent over 37 per cent of the income of the top clients; the Māori rate decreased by 1.8 percentage points over the same period by 26.3 per cent, mainly due to a single quarter outbreak.
Lower attendance and impact of new plant production; overall decrease of 0.9 percentage points in cost. Roe rose by 28 per cent to a 29 per cent rise in income in the second quarter, with strong price growth. Corporate income in the second quarter alone, about 3 percentage points in revenue and unit prices, and income growth for large clients, with income growth for the first three clients in the second quarter alone.
The Māori rate was 26.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.1 percentage points in the same year due to the lower productivity of the new plant (excavated by a change in calibre), but an increase of 1.2 percentage points in the first quarter of Viet Nam as a result of a recovery in attendance compared to the first quarter round.The overall cost rate was 5.2 per cent, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points in the same year, with a slight increase in sales and management costs.
Largely as a result of the staff performance bonus, the fall in financial costs is mainly due to interest income and exchange rates, the high demand downstream, the ability of new plants to climb and increase production efficiency as drivers of companies’ long-term and sustained growth. Companies are expected to increase their share of their former large clients, and to make rapid spending on new clients.
The high demand of clients in the medium to long term, the positive growth of firms in productive efficiency, and their capital spending of $860 million in the first half of the year, which represents a larger increase than in previous years, reflect the firm’s full confidence in the growth of future orders. In the second half of the year, no new plants are expected to be in operation, with less negative impacts on the Māori rate.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - 21 per cent increase in performance in the first half of the year and second quarter of business recovery Wally Group (300979.sz) - 11.4 per cent increase in revenue in the first quarter since March Wally Group (300979.sz) - 47 per cent increase in performance in 2021, and shoe-shoe-making taps
Investment recommendations: excellent medium- and long-term growth is certain, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The company achieved a stronger growth in the first half of the year when the epidemic affected production, with two-quarter losses incrementally.
In the long run, the demand for brands is more favourable, the company’s capacity to grow on schedule, the prices of its products are rising significantly, and the share is more certain. Since the company’s Māori rate in the first half of the year has been held up by new plants and the demand climate in the second half of Europe and America has declined, it is prudent for me to be cautious.
The company’s core competitiveness-driven share continues to rise, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Income performance increased by 21 per cent in the first half of the year, and the Māori rate was affected by the introduction of new plants and the epidemic.
Revenue performance grew faster, with a boom in demand driven prices. Corporate income increased by 9.9 billion yuan in the first half of 2022, or 20.8 per cent in the same year, largely driven by the demand of a booming customer; the volume of sales of sneakers/sales increased by 12.8 per cent and 7.1 per cent in the same year, respectively, at 115 million doubles/86.1 in the same volume.
There was a strong growth in spare shoes and a lower share of sandals, with earnings of 84.2/6.7 per cent for sports/outdoor boots/shoes, or 84.2 per cent per year, or 26.5 per cent per year, or a decrease of 13.4 per cent, respectively. The exchange rate had a positive effect on the company in the first half of the year, and if the effects of exchange rate movements were excluded, the company had a positive effect in the first half of the year.
The rate of commissioning of new plants and the impact of the epidemic declined by 1.8 percentage points and the overall cost decreased by 0.9 percentage points, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on attendance and to the fact that the capacity utilization of new plants remains to be increased (the increase in productivity in the first half of the year, mainly due to the increase in the capacity of older plants and the higher Māori rate); and sales/management/research and development fees.
Score point; financial cost rate - 0.8 per cent, an increase of 0.1 percentage point from the same year, mainly due to increased interest income and remittances, figure 3: Māori rate changes in the company ' s semi-annual rate, figure 4: Three cost changes in the company ' s semi-annual rate
Reduction in equity growth after listing, but at a higher level within the industry; 69 days/54 days for inventory/receivable swing days, with an increase of one/six days for accounts payable assets, 44 days, an increase of 28 per cent in volume and an increase of 29 per cent in income in the second quarter
In the second quarter alone, the growth of the growth of corporate income by two-wheel-drive prices accelerated. Corporate revenue was 5.77 billion yuan, or 28.5 per cent more than in the same year; sales/unit prices, respectively, amounted to $6.39 billion/$90.4/two, with exchange rates playing a positive role during the quarter, with company revenues projected to grow by 25.0 per cent if the exchange rate effects were excluded.
Figure 7: Single-season net profit and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) due to lower productivity of new plants by 1.1 percentage points on a year-on-year basis (disclosing the impact of caliber change), but by 1.2 percentage points from the recovery of attendance in Viet Nam compared to the first quarter ring. The overall cost rate is 5.2 per cent, a slight decrease
The rise in costs is mainly due to an increase in employee performance bonuses. Downstream demand, the ability of new plants to climb, and productivity gains are the driving force behind the company’s long-term and sustained growth.
Downstream demand is strong, the old big customers continue to grow faster, and new customers are expected to do so quickly. Key clients Nike are growing in low double digits, and companies still have a larger share of the opportunity to rise as core suppliers with stable delivery and quality.
In response to the high demand from clients, companies are actively expanding their production and improving their productivity, with medium-term capacity growing faster, and in thousands of pairs/month), and are expected to have some capacity to release in 2022. In addition, the public sector is expected to have some capacity to release.
The Division will also purchase existing plants in Viet Nam, expand production lines in the company’s former plant, and assist in upgrading the production capacity of the former plant. Based on the strong demand for client expectations, the company will continue to invest in new plants in northern Viet Nam, taking into account the requirements of decentralized manufacturing capacity, and will start investing in large manufacturing bases in Indonesia.
In terms of productivity efficiency, the company promotes standardization of management and information, digital efficiency and upgrading of the capacity and operation of its mass production plants. Specifically, the company has made extensive use of automated equipment such as computer needles, cold-coated shoe presses, self-rolling shoe boxers, automatic web-printing, and the "computer-car-to-shoe tongue" process.
Self-researched assistive kits, such as the innovative plywood “Computer Cars Without Restraint Cycle Sewing” “Shoebelt Apparatus” and “Shoebelt Apparatus” have been promoted and widely used to improve product quality stability, while improving productivity and staff comfort at work.
In the first half of the year, positive capital expansion began to be large, demonstrating full confidence in future orders, and in the second half it was not, mainly in order to meet the high demand of downstream customers, with lower projected capital spending on no new plant in the second half of the year, and Māori rates would not be negatively affected by the new plant's ability to climb. In addition, the number of company employees would be higher.
Investment recommendations: excellent medium- and long-term growth is certain, and the company achieved a stronger growth in the first half of the year when the epidemic affected production, with two-quarter losses gradually recovered and profit margins recovered. In the long run, branding needs are more favourable, and the company’s production is on track.
Prices have risen significantly, and shares have increased with certainty. As the company’s Māori rate has been held back by new plants in the first half of the year and the demand climate in Europe and the United States has declined in the second half of the year, it is prudent to cut down profit forecasts to predict that the company’s productive capacity is expanding less than expected, that the epidemic continues too long to affect downstream demand, and that the international political economy is at risk.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them