Wally Group, mid-2022: head clients fast-tracked and extended production continued on 18/08/2022.
The impact of the Viet Nam epidemic on production has been mitigated by the research assistant Zhao Yiwon, some of the q1 delay orders being made up at q2 and the q2 Māori ratio increasing slightly over q1.
The same ratio + 6.9% (the same calibre as the renminbi + 7.1%) continued the trend of rising volumes. The increase was mainly due to the climbing of production capacity in three new plants in Viet Nam, and to a reduced impact of the O2 outbreak in Viet Nam, with price increases mainly due to the upgrading of the product structure of core clients (e.g., nike).
Head customers continue to lead at a higher rate, and small and medium-sized clients are expected to grow faster with the release of their capacity. The top five clients (which we estimate are nike/deckers/vf/puma/ua, respectively) continue to be visible, and Puma and ua are growing at a slower rate due to distribution of capacity. We expect ua to grow in the second half of the year.
The pace of growth is expected to improve, with the new plant coming into operation in 23 years, the puma growth expected, in addition to the new capacity that will help the new customers to grow further, newballance, asics, and onruning sales.
Mainly due to the lower production efficiency of new plants in Viet Nam in the first half of the year, while the q1 epidemic was used to produce energy.
The rate remains stable. 2) Inventory: as at the end of 22h1 inventory of 2,957 million yuan/yoy+27 per cent, inventory turnover days of 69 days, a slight increase of 1.5 days over 21h1, at a reasonable level.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is a global leading professional shoe manufacturer, 22h1 has a positive growth trend. In the second half of the year, because of international brand dealers like Nike, 20-21, Wally Group (300979): 2022
After supply chain disruptions, maritime transport problems and the current relatively high stock levels, combined with the quarterly European and American reports, the q1 Vietnam epidemic is slightly disturbed, consumption is under pressure in an inflationary and interest-added environment, and there may be some growth in international brand orders.
Slowing down. But taking into account differences in branding (e.g. low market share of small clients, low environmental impact, still maintaining a stronger growth momentum), differences in competitiveness of different manufacturers (Walley production, development and delivery capacity leading by peers), new plants in Viet Nam and Indonesia will continue to be invested by companies in 23-24 years.
Wally Group (300979) 2021: Stocktaking and Efficiency Improvement, Co-promotion, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board