Prices are raised again before the season, and stabilizing the role of the market is highlighted.
From that date, the prices of the company ' s model titanium powders (including titanium powder sulphate, titanium powder chloride) were increased by RMB 500/ton for various domestic customers and by $50/ton for international customers.
The company raised prices twice in February 13 and March 7 at the beginning of 2019, after which the market was gradually accepted. The price of titanium in the first half of the year was generally smooth, and after entering June, it was dragged down by weak downstream demand and prices.
Sliding trends, when companies raise prices again before the season of traditional consumption, not only have a positive impact on upgrading their own industry, but also on stabilizing the titanium powder market, but also on their leadership.
The second phase of the production line is in focus, and the installation load and the steady operating time are now in the process of gradual overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) and the recovery of the new titanium industry is strained and orderly. The new titanium industry has 60,000 tonnes/year chlorination.
The production of titanium powder and 10,000 tons per year of sponge titanium is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
The combined capacity of the company ' s titanium powder production, including 600,000 tonnes/year of sulphuric acid and 400,000 tonnes/year of chlorination, will be increased to be the country ' s only dragon pelican (002601).
The industry of a large titanium powder production company with both sulphuric acid and chlorination processes took stock dynamic note: the acquisition of a minority shareholder position in Yunnan, and the sponge industry would become a new profit growth point for companies.
The company is expected to return to its mother-in-law for the period 2019-2020.
" Buy-in" rating is maintained. America Dynamics Review: Explicit Yunnan Control, with Technical Advantages for Continued Expansion of Chlorine Method - - 2019/05/27
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report