The titanium powder is stable, with new mergers and acquisitions to build a number of growth poles - the company reported in the mid-2019 semi-annual report, yielding $5,361 million, an increase of 1.94 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
1269 million yuan, a decline of 529 per cent in the same year; a basic gain of 0.64 dollars per share. Net operating cash flow of 867 million dollars, corporate titanium powder as a whole stable, and mineral Maori increased significantly; price increases were positive for titanium powder, combined with 30.4 million tons of titanium powder in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.26 per cent; and the Māori rate of 42.99 per cent, the same amount.
The main reason for the 2 percentage point decline was a slight decline in product prices compared to the same period last year. Companies picked 17734,000 tons of iron concentrate, a small increase of 2.47 per cent during the reporting period. The Māori ratio of corporate minerals rose by 11 percentage points in the same period, as a result of such factors as the company ' s sales strategy, the increase in deep-processed products and the sharp rise in iron ore prices.
The Unit, compared to the 300-per-cent trend, has become an important factor in the relative stability of the company ' s performance, with the company ' s recent price increases, with the company ' s model titanium powder selling prices at the original price starting on 15 August.
On the basis of an upward adjustment of RMB 500/ton for domestic customers and an upward adjustment of US$ 50/ton for international customers, we judge that there is little improvement in the tension over the supply of high titanium slags for international chlorination, the overall contraction of domestic acid production, the overall good supply and demand pattern of titanium powder, and the prospect that the price of titanium powder will remain stable.
Several projects, such as the 200,000-tonne chlorination method, were gradually put into production, and titanium whole-chain operations became a new performance growth point. \triangleright, a new 200,000-tonne chlorinated titanium powder project was launched during the reporting period.
With a capacity of 950,000 tons (inclusive of ongoing construction), the share of domestic municipalities is close to 30%. The 30,000-ton high-end titanium alloy project being built by the company, the 500,000-ton titanium climb-up conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project will gradually enter production from 2020 to 2021, and titanium-wide chain operations, while enhancing the company’s overall competitive advantage, will also be a new point of growth in the company’s performance.
Strategic acquisition of new titanium, extension of the industrial chain, and building of bridgeheads in South-East Asia. \triangleright tons of sponge titanium, 80,000 tons of high titanium slag production line. Through this merger, companies add sponge titanium production capacity; and new locations.
In Yunnan Chuzhou, the future is expected to be a bridgehead for companies in South-East Asia and an important strategic growth pole.
2. Tri-quarterly review of aperipheral (00201): performance expectations, chlorination project progressing well Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Tao Maw, graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalization), July 2011, Ga Li Xing, Beijing University Doctor of Materials, third member of the New Wealth and Non-ferrous Metals Industry, December 2018, joined the Civil Securitization Team, Wang Jing Jing, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.