The fourth price increase during the year, leading the industry to maintain a high profile, was announced by the company, based on the domestic and international titanium market, since 3 September.
The company's sales price of titanium powder (including sulphate titanium powder, chlorinated titanium powder) was increased by RMB 500 per ton for various domestic customers and by $50 per ton for international customers.
For the fourth time in the year, prices were raised, leading the industry to maintain a high market performance. The company’s price of the powder market was generally smooth at the beginning of 2019. After entering June, it experienced weak downstream demand, with prices declining. As traditional consumer seasons approached, the company raised prices on August 3.
After only a month, the fourth price increase was implemented, followed by the Chinese titanium. For reasons other than consumption, downstream stocks were downgraded, and overseas titanium resources were strained.
The impact of total equity/flow (millions of shares) has also been positive in maintaining a high industry profile.
The second phase of the chemical production line is in focus, the first 100,000 tonnes/year production line is currently operating, and the time and load of the system has been innovative and will significantly contribute to the growth and performance of titanium powder in four quarters.
The production line is expected to start a test at the end of September, with a high degree of certainty of production.
In the run-up to the period of growth in capacity and performance, the chemical method titanium powder production capacity, 10,000 tons per year of sponge titanium production and 80,000 tons per year of high titanium slag production capacity.
Production is well under way, high titanium slag is now reproducing, sponge titanium is expected to resume at the end of September, and titanium python (002601) is expected to resume production in November as a new growth point in corporate performance.
Singer Dynamics Review: Once again, before the season comes, Long Python Python (002601) doubles the Python, maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
Singley Research Report: Intra-generous advances, titanium-powder giants growing up - 2019/06/26 Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.