For the third time in the year, it's going up to see the future growth of the dragon, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Incident: On 3 August, the company announced that sales prices for various types of titanium powder (including sulphate titanium powder, chlorinated titanium powder) would be increased by RMB 500/tonne for all types of customers in the country at the original price and by $50/t for all types of customers internationally.
The price of titanium powder rose for the third time in the year, and the season was about to boost market confidence. This price increase, which was the third leading price increase in the year after February 13 and March 7, affected a number of companies, such as the Central and China titanium, the Mountain Host, the Titanium Trench, and so on, adjusted the price of titanium powder, with domestic price increases of around $500/tonne, and international customers.
In the first half of 2019, titanium powder prices were relatively stable, with a small fall in price, with an average price of titanium powder of approximately $16,500 per ton down 5 per cent in the same year; titanium powder-tritanium concentrate-sulfuric acid prices fell by about $11,500 per ton in the same year. Since entering July, demand has fallen by 4 per cent.
The price of titanium powder has fallen somewhat, with an average price of about $15,700 per ton in July. In the first half of this year, the amount of tons of titanium in the country fell by 29% in the same year, thanks mainly to the improved quality of titanium powder in the country.
The company is a titanium powder tap, and the coke base 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination project is well under way. The company is currently the first and third largest titanium powder producer in Asia, with 540,000 tonnes/year of sulphuric acid production and 60,000 tonnes/year of chlorination.
Production is progressing well, with the first 100,000 tonnes/year production line in combined test vehicles, installation loads and continuous steady operation steadily increasing, and production is expected to reach production in September: the second 100,000 tonnes/year production line is opened at the first line at the point of production, and the test vehicle is expected to reach production by the end of the year.
The new titanium industry is returning well. The company acquired 98% of the titanium industry in Yunnan in the first half of the year, and now the new titanium industry is in the process of reproducing 10,000 tons of titanium per year and 60,000 tons of titanium per year.
The production of titanium powder is expected to start by the end of the year. In addition, the subsidiary dragon python smelting has invested $1.51 billion in the construction of an innovative project to build 500,000 tons of titanium-up and conversion to chlorinated titanium slag, which can produce 300,000 tons of titanium slag annually, and 200,000 tons of high-quality iron, which is expected to produce the materials for the titanium chloride and high-end titanium alloy projects.
The company is working to create low-cost, full-scale titanium chloride chains, and the implementation of a series of projects will facilitate the company’s titanium concentrate, the titanium chloride slag, chlorination.
An optimal upgrading of the entire chain of titanium powder - titanium titanium - titanium alloys to enhance corporate profitability and core competition 1.
2. Python Aperture (002001): proposed competition for a new titanium industry to further improve the entire industrial chain of titanium products (2019-05-14)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.