Weir shares (603501.sh) Electronic integrated circuit iii expected high year-round growth and accelerated penetration driving cars
On 21 January 2025, Weir shares issued an advance performance announcement for 2024, and the Maori rate is expected to improve significantly as the year's performance is projected to increase at a high rate.
This is mainly due to the continued penetration of corporate sciss in the high-end smartphone market and auto-drive application market, the steady growth of market share in related areas, the promotion of a significant increase in revenue collection and Maori: 2) to better cope with the effects of industrial volatility, the firm actively promotes product structure optimization and supply chain structure optimization, and corporate product hair
The speedier penetration of the driver drives up the price of car ciss, and the technological lead mobile phone owner's share of the by-catch rises.
Like head; yole predicts that by 2029, car cis resolution is expected to reach more than 12mp. The company, with its advanced Sun Peak, has a tight car cis solution that covers a wide range of car applications.
The first 12 million pixel sensors in the automobile industry - ox12a10 (1/1.43 inches, 12mp, 2.1 μm) and Wang Haivi is expected to produce 25 q3. X12a10 uses theiacelTM technology to successfully achieve a broader dynamic range.
The company's 2.1 μmtheiacelTM product series has the highest resolution sensor.
Machines - ox03h10 (1/2.44 inches, 3mp, 3 μm) with single exposure to 140 db dynamic range, estimated at 25 h1. For in-car visual applications, the company has worked with Philip to develop the world's first vehicle driver.
Health monitoring solutions. Power-wide growth space -- Joaquin securities -- electronics -- Weir shares -- mobile phones: the company has completed a full series of machine-style back-to-back layouts in smartphones. ov50h with merit.
The heterogeneous properties, which are widely applied in the mainstream home-grown back-to-back smartphone program, are gradually replacing the same type of Weir shares abroad: performance has improved significantly, and technology is leading in competition. The first global smartphone with theiacelTM technology is cosov50k40 with lofic functionality.
& by-catch increases - Joaquin securities-electronic-Wear shares - achieves a single exposure close to the dynamic range of the human eye level. According to the message of January 14, honors are being tested with two 50mp sensors, one 1.3 inches in size and one inch in size, both supporting lofic technology.
Weller shares: The Māori rate has improved significantly, with a 50mp series replacing the high-end share in competitions of the same kind - Joaquin Securities-Shin Yole predicts a rapid increase from about 4 million periscope models in 2023 to 10 million in 2029.
Cagr is 16.4 per cent and the company is active in developing the by-product market, such as long focus, and thanks to its broad dynamic, low-capacity and other performance advantages, Wear shares: 24q2 is a record high, and the market share for by-products is expected to increase rapidly. In August 2024, the company introduced ov50m40 (1/2.88E)
Half-yearly launch of the new flagship -- Joaquin securities-electronic-Wear shares, 50mp, 0.61 m) for forwards, wide angles, ultra-wide angles, long-focal applications, etc. for small-sized 50mp Weir shares: the new flagship is posted in the immediate, 50mp series
The chip is expected to be put in constant quantities – gold securities – electronics-well shares Emerging markets: smart glasses are accelerating into public consumption and are expected to expand further the cis market space.
x4, dtof+structurelight+rgbcamx2+trackingcamx6. By enabling end-of-pipe devices to perform eye tracking, synchronization and mapping (“slam”) functions through leading edges in global exposure techniques, corporate cos product advantages in small size and low power consumption are highly suitable for ar/vr including aai glasses.
In addition to the end-user demand, the lcos product developed by the company, with its high resolution, condensed shape, low power consumption and low cost characteristics, will provide additional support to emerging markets, such as ar/vr, including ai glasses, in terms of economic suitability and programmatic viability.
40.3/29.2/23.3, respectively. The corporate cis product matrix has achieved a full range of coverage at the mid-to-high end, with a variety of core techniques continuously refined to provide ultra-high-quality imagery and high core competitiveness of products. Continuously recommended, “buy-in” ratings are maintained. Industrialized risks, market competition exacerbates risks, systemic risks, etc.