The slurry is growing steadily, and the level of control is rising. - A review of the planetarium organisms (600161). On 26 April, the company published a quarterly report for 2025. 2025q1, the company achieved total operating income.
The profit from the decline in product prices is greater than the profit from the increase in sales.a Market value (millions of yuan) Slurry station and slurry volume: Chengdu, a member of the company, completed the original Red with a total sum of $185 million.
By 2024, the company ' s shareholdings had been divided into 16 provinces/autonomous regions, with a total of 107 single-sampling stations, of which 107 were single-sampling blood.
The number of plasma stations is 85, with 2,781 tons of plasma collected (+15.15%), maintaining the domestic industry at about 20%. The number of plasma stations and the size of the plasma collection continue to be at the forefront of the country.
Three categories, 15 species, 90 blood product production symbols, under the company, Chengdu Yongsheng, Lanzhou Blood System, Shanghai Blood System, Wuhan Blood System, Guizhou Blood System, Xian Blood System, Middle 2024q3 Performance Pressure, Increased Profitability
In 2024, the company earned $6,013 million in blood products, increased the double-digit amount of slurry, increased profits faster than expected.
Notification of completion of the iii clinical trial of injecting human immunoglobin under the skin and submission by the country ' s first family of an application for permission to enter the market; completion of the iii clinical trial of the recombinant human cdensation factor Via by injection and submission of an application for permission to enter the market in January 2025 for admission; recombinant recombination of human blood causes by injection
Subviii-fc integrates proteins for i-stage clinical trials; human coagulation factor ix, fourth-generation 10% concentration; human immunoglobin (Ron + 10%) for the treatment of chronic inflammation multi-occupancy neuro-neurological adaptive disorders are given a Notice of Approval for Clinical Clinical Trials of Drugs.
The blood enzyme compound is registered as a pharmaceutical certificate.
Prospective earnings and investments are recommended: blood products races are characterized by high barriers, demand is stable, public demand is stable.
The Division is the lead in blood products, the slurry station has a strong approval capacity, based on company periodic reports, and we are exposed to risk factors: the risk of inadequate supply of raw materials, the risk of increased slurry costs, and product development.