Non-financial companies report steady growth in slurry and long-term performance.
Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) events. The company published a quarterly report in 2025, which generated business income of 1.318 billion yuan (+7.84 per cent of the year), a net profit of 244 million yuan (or -22.90 per cent of the year) and a net profit of 239 million yuan (or 23.71 per cent of the year).
Slurry levels have remained faster than industry growth, and the rate of Maori for blood products has steadily increased. From the slurry situation, the number of company single plasma stations and the scale of the slurry continue to be at the forefront of the country; 1) slurry levels: about 2781 tons (15.15% more than the same year) of company slurry throughout 2024, compared to about 20% in the domestic industry; according to the number of slurry stations,
In 2024, the company reported that it had 107 single plasma stations, of which 85 were operating. From the position and strength of China’s pharmaceutical industry, we judged that, with regard to the future acquisition of new slurry stations, the planetariums were expected to achieve relatively bright results, and we thought that they could grow up in China’s biomedical industry and in the area of disaggregation.
New varieties of stylene dilated stubble in the end, and ton slurry profits rise in space. In the product ladder, the fourth generation of stylene stung (10%) has been marketed, and the product is more clinically used than the third generation of stylene.
Safe and efficient, given that the market for blood products in developed overseas countries is dominated by stratum silt, we believe that this product has a high potential for the future market and is one of the main driving forces behind the future increase in corporate ton profit.
Reassembly human cdensation factor viii, post-market supplemental application phase; 3) Injection recombinant human cdensation factor vii-fc integration protein: one clinical trial; 4) hypodermic protein under the skin: listing permit application stage, etc. \triangleright
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.