The development potential of the airline market is enormous, and prospects for international hub airports are promising. Shanghai’s internationalization of major cities and global urban construction will lead to steady growth in business passengers, and rising consumption-led tourism will be an important contribution to the continued warming of the Shanghai airline passenger market.
Shanghai, the city belt of the Greater River Delta, has great potential for the development of the air market. Shanghai will aim to strengthen the Asia-Pacific Air Portal hub, optimize the use of airspace, improve the capacity of aviation facilities to absorb and transport efficiently, and build a global air transport network with network coverage.
The third phase of the expansion is about to be launched, with a short-term focus on improving the quality of the service, and the third phase of the expansion of the Pudong airport will be operational in the second half of 2019, which will improve the ground.
Capacity management and air traffic management systems are also contributing to the normalization of flights through a variety of measures, including fine-tuning of airspace management, and the existing capabilities at Pudong Airport are largely adequate, with significant capacity enhancement requiring new facilities to be put into operation. The focus of the work at Pudong Airport is expected to be on improving service quality and transit operations for the last three years.
Air traffic brings commercial value, non-air operations are profitable, and the air terminal is moving from traditional aeronautical traffic hubs to transport, shopping, catering, leisure, etc.
A mature airport can offer a good return through reasonable business operations, with a commercial income of more than 50% or more of the airport's revenue coming from Shanghai Airport (60009).
A new opportunity has been created along the way, and the hub has worked well. 2017-03-06. The increase in profitability opens up more market space.
Shanghai Airport: Large commercial rental revenues in 2018-2021 could reach $2.780 billion, $3.63 billion, $4.23 billion and $4.77 billion, respectively.
Further construction of the international hub at Shanghai Pundong International Airport and the upgrading of international passengers and transit passengers to Piti, the development of non-aerial operations will result in a sustained increase in the profitability of companies.
The speed of shipping operations is expected to accelerate. The 2018-10-30 hub is more valuable and more profitable for business.
However, while the new facility is operational, the increased profitability of the non-aerial business can cover the additional costs, allowing the company’s performance to continue to rise. It is expected that the company will be profitable in the period 2018-2020. Given the high quality of the company’s assets, it will be able to give the company a generous protection of the river.
Air operations are growing steadily, non-air operations are profitable, and the company is in a period of rapid growth in the construction of an international air hub in 2019, with a steady growth in operating indicators and in the level of corporate profitability, with long-term development space and good growth potential as an international air hub.
However, while the new facility will be operationalized with significant additional costs, the increased profitability of the non-aerial business will cover the additional costs of $2.42 and $2.51 and will be better off after 2021. Given the superior properties of the company’s assets, it will be possible to give the company a generous moat, air operations will continue to grow steadily, and non-aerial operations will be good.
Taking into account an adjustment made in 2017 for inland service operations, it is expected that the related operating rates will be difficult to adjust continuously over the next three years. While non-air operations will be subject to market-based regulation, they are expected to be characterized by phased changes and no significant changes are expected over the next three years, given the strategic cooperation of clients.
Given that the third phase of the company’s expansion will be operational in the second half of 2019, however, space resources and time resources remain relatively tight, and the company’s cost expenditure is mainly related to the company’s costs, mainly labour costs, amortization costs, operating costs, combustion.
Material power consumption, etc., amounted to 37%, 20%, 35%, and 9% of operating costs in 2017. According to the plan, the three phases of the expansion of Pudong Airport will be completed in June 2019, start operational preparations, and in September, the industry will be completed, and the corresponding express system will be completed in September, and the entire project is expected to be completed in April 2019.
The project plans to invest a total of $20.1 billion, assuming 60 per cent, 18 per cent, 8 per cent and 930 million in depreciation for air terminal and related buildings, aprons and related facilities, mechanical equipment, communications equipment, transportation and other equipment, respectively, and an estimated 1,000 additional staff associated with the operation of the new facility.
In 2019, significant increases in labour costs, amortization costs, operating costs, fuel power consumption, etc., increased by 8 per cent, 20 per cent, 12 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, according to company plans, investments are expected to be made by 2035 to enable the airport to accommodate passengers ' vomiting.
The third expansion of the airport will be operational in the second half of 2019, which will increase the capacity to process the ground.
The system is also promoting the normalization of flights through a variety of measures, such as fine management of the airspace, and all aspects of Pudong Airport are now capable of meeting needs, but significant space upgrades will require the use of new facilities. It is expected that the focus for the last three years at Pudong Airport will be on improving the quality of services based on existing passenger traffic, increasing the share of the airport's transit operations and hitting them.
A truly international hub airport. Given the monopolistic nature of the airport’s aeronautical operations, it is expected that the rates for aviation operations will remain stable for some time, and that the opening of the process of marketing non-air operations will open up greater market space for the enhancement of the airport’s non-navigational capabilities.
The process of development of the hub airport will be marked by a significant increase in passenger and cargo throughput, which will provide the airport with significant potential for commercial revenue, which can be complemented by commercial competitiveness of the airport, bringing together larger passenger flows for the airport and leading to an increase in transit passenger traffic. As a result, commercialization has become one of the major trends in the development of the airport.
The terminal is gradually moving from the traditional air traffic hub to a complex of transportation, shopping, catering, leisure, etc. A large number of mature airports offer a strong return through sound business operations, with business revenues accounting for more than 50 billion yuan of airport revenue, which is more optimistic than the company’s announced guaranteed sales revenue.
Further development of the international hub and an increase in the international passenger and transit passenger ratio will result in better revenue from duty-free operations and a sustained increase in the profitability of companies. (i) Macroeconomic growth is lower than expected
The air transport industry is closely linked to the macroeconomic cycle, and the growth of the air transport industry has led to an increase in airport operations. If economic growth is lower than expected, air operations will be directly affected.
(iii) The development of lower-than-expected consumer demand for passenger consumption is closely linked to the purchasing power of consumers, and if consumption is lower than expected, it will affect the non-navigational industry. If industry pricing levels are adjusted, the decline in base rates will have a direct impact on the company’s operating income.
Adjustments in tax policy will affect the growth of corporate commercial leasing operations. First, there is a clear regional advantage, with significant international hub airport traffic, and companies are service enterprises engaged in air transport ground services and other related operations, mainly domestic and foreign.
The company operates and manages Pudong Airport, which is currently divided mainly into aviation and non-aerial operations, and air operations are fundamental operations directly linked to aircraft, passenger and cargo services;
In 2018, the Pudong Airport received 740.5 million annual passenger throughputs, the second largest in the country, with international and regional passenger traffic continuing to grow at the country’s first and related level far faster than the Asia-Pacific regional airport.
Shanghai is China's largest economic hub, an important gateway to our country, and is located in a geographical location at the crossroads of economic development along the coast of the eastern part of the country and economic development along the Yangtze River, as well as our economy, finance, trade and navigation.
Transport Centre, the Long Triangle of the Direct Service Zone, is the fastest-growing, largest and most promising economic sector in China; indirect service areas, comprising 80 per cent of China ' s top 100 cities, 54 per cent of its national resources and 90 per cent of its population, 93 per cent of its gdp output and large parts of Japan and Korea, have two-hour flying circles with abundant resources.
Sub-regions, which are portals and domestic air hubs in Shanghai and East China: are also located at the end of the Great Triangular Line in Asia, Europe and North America, with a flight time of about 10 hours to the west coast of Europe and North America, to major cities in Asia within 2 to 5 hours from Europe, the West Coast of North America, and the main cities in Asia, which are the most important in China.
The Shanghai region currently has two large civil airports, Rainbow Bridge and Pudong. Pudong Airport is located at the intersection between the east-west axis of urban development and the coastal development belt, and is in a very important position in the construction and operational planning of Shanghai’s international airport.
As a result of the expansion of the bridge airport, the site conditions and market resources at Pudong airport are abundant and have the potential to develop into the world’s top airport. The Civil Aviation Authority’s plan for all international, regional and some domestic flights at Pudong Airport is to take full advantage of the image of Pudong International Airport.
In 2018, the Shanghai city airport fleet grew steadily and continued to grow at a high level, rising faster in terms of hardware facilities, passenger, cargo size and route network, with a hub pattern largely formed. (ii) The airport radiation region is experiencing good economic development.
The air transport industry is closely linked to the macroeconomic cycle, and the growth of the air transport industry has led to an increase in airport traffic. By measuring the relative coefficients of gdp in Shanghai for nearly two decades and of passenger and mail traffic at Shanghai airport have reached 0.9914, 0.9140, respectively, and are of significant relevance.
Economic growth will be an important driver of the growth in passenger and mail traffic at Shanghai Airport. In May 2016, the State Council, through the Development Plan for the Yangtze Delta Cities, incorporated Shanghai and Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui and more than 26 cities in the area of the Yangtze Delta, and proposed the creation of a “five-round-four” network.
Integrating the spatial landscape and playing the role of a central city in Shanghai, promoting urban homogenization in the cities of Nanjing, Hangzhou, Humpty, Susihang, Ningbo, and strengthening the convergence of coastal development zones, riverine development belts, riverine development belts, riverine development belts, and titanium development belts in order to optimize the efficiency of space use. The Long Triangle is the sixth largest urban group in the world, with wealth of 500.
More than 400 companies invest in this area, and eight major industrial and technological parks in the long triangle are covered by the airport's 300-km radius. The industry has a high degree of aviation relevance. The main industries are electronic information, automobiles, petrochemicals, equipment sets, fine steel and biopharmaceuticals.
In 2017, the State Council officially approved the Shanghai Urban Master Plan (2017-2035), which states that “Shanghai is one of our immediate cities, the core cities of the world-class city of the Yangtze Delta, the international economy, finance, trade, shipping, science, technology and innovation centres and cultural megacities, the historic and cultural cities of the country, and will be built to be a world city of excellence, with a global city of excellence.
As the central city of the long triangle and the building of the bridgehead, Shanghai will take the lead in implementing the national strategy and take a more proactive role in the country, serving the nation, linking the Asia-Pacific region, taking a world-oriented role, further strengthening the synergy with the long triangle and the Yangtze basin cities.
The transport network fosters multi-level, multi-level development axes, promotes the development of synergies in the near and peri-urban areas (90-minute telecommuting) and the surrounding urban areas, actively improves regional functions Networks, strengthens the integration of infrastructure, promotes co-management of regional ecosystems and creates multi-dimensional regional co-governance mechanisms
Along with the rise in Shanghai’s combined power, its global position is rising to the top of the world, showing an overall trend of rapid improvement. Usually, the more economically developed cities, the more influential they are, the more their air networks.
Internationally renowned political centers, economic centers, financial centers like New York, London, Tokyo, and Hong Kong are also international hubs. Shanghai’s Internationalized Metropolis and Global Urban Building will bring steady growth in business passengers, with rising consumption driving tourism.
Industry development will be an important contribution to the continued warming of the Shanghai airline passenger market, and urban development in Shanghai will create a strong air transport market demand. As an internationalized metropolitan city in Shanghai, the urban belt of the Eto River Delta region, the aviation market has great potential for development. Shanghai will aim to strengthen the Asia-Pacific air portal hub and optimize the use of air space.
Structures to increase the capacity of aviation facilities to vomit and transport efficiency, and to build a global air transport network with international large hub airport coverage. Expand the facilities at Pudong International Airport and upgrade the security capabilities at Pudong and Rainbow Bridge International Airports. Strengthen regional air fleets.
The Shanghai International Aviation Hub, which is centred on Pudong International Airport and Rainbow Bridge International Airport. (iii) The Puradong International Airport International Hub Building Quality Upgrade Phase, December 2003, the Civil Aviation Authority and the Shanghai Municipality led the establishment of “Advancing Small Joint Leadership for Shanghai Air Hub Development”
The Strategic Plan for the Shanghai Aviation Hub was formally adopted on 1 November 2004, setting the development objective of the Shanghai Aviation Hub as “a well-established network of domestic international routes to serve as an air portal linking the world to China to build a core hub in the Asia-Pacific region”.
The six main strategic implementation priorities for the development of the maritime aviation hub are: the strategic shift of the Base Airlines to a hub operating model, the introduction of high air traffic control and security capabilities, the integrated planning and utilization of Shanghai airspace resources, the enhancement of airport service security capabilities, the construction of an integrated transport system and the acceleration of the development of the airline freight logistics industry.
A number of ideas for the development of the civil aviation industry were presented in the document, which identified efforts to establish the Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou airports as well-functioning and radiation-global large international aviation hubs. Shanghai has set up a “Shanghai air hub-building fund” to implement a dedicated support policy for the development of air hubs.
Between 2016 and 2018, Shanghai City Base Airlines subsidized new medium- and long-range international routes, re-entry and encrypted medium- and long-range international routes, flights, and the construction of air hubs such as increased passenger transit rates, increased international mail traffic, and between 2016 and 2018, “Improving the quality and air performance of air hub flights”, carried out by the relevant units
Performance assessment subsidy. More than a quarter of the international trans-shipment operations at Pudong Airport have been opened, and Pudong Airport has gradually become an important network node around the world. In 2017, Pudong Airport has about 50% of incoming and outgoing passengers, and this number is expected to increase further in 2018, with the largest air crossing point in the interior.
In the new hub strategy cycle, Pudong Airport will shift from a “widening” to a “building of quality”, with the company strategically positioned to build a core vehicle for a world-class aviation hub of high quality, a model of super-large airport excellence, and one of the main players in the airport industry with the greatest value-creating capabilities. In this position, the company is large.
Operations expansion will focus mainly on building large international aviation hubs, improving operational efficiency, upgrading service performance, upgrading commercial values, implementing capital operations, promoting management change, etc., as key pillars of aviation hub construction and value creation, and as a precursor to business management reform.
In line with the overall objective of the Shanghai Air Hub planning, Shanghai Air Hub has worked for several years to build a well-developed network of domestic and international routes to become an air portal linking the world to China, building the core of the Asia-Pacific region.
As of 2018, 107 airlines from outside the home had been operating regular flights in Shanghai.
There are 300 navigable points connecting 48 countries and regions around the world, 135 of which are international. The Pudong airport is basically covered by major international destinations outside South America and around 60% of the national cities, with network coverage at the level of the international large hub airport.
Incoming, Pudong Airport has been actively using the airline union platform to expand the global network of routes, and it is approaching the world.
Shanghai Pundong International Airport was inaugurated in 1999 and has been gradually expanded through two phases of engineering, t1 conversion and so forth, with two air terminal buildings and four runways. The airport's design capability is now saturated and operational. With the implementation of the three phases, it is expected that the Pudong Airport will produce 80 million passenger abstinence designs in 2019.
Shanghai Airport is currently working on accelerating planning for four phases of the construction of Pudong Airport. According to Shanghai City Planning, by 2035, Shanghai Air Hub was designed to transport about 180 million passengers annually, transit rates, and passenger flow.
At present, Rainbow Bridge has reached a basic saturation, mainly in Puhdong International Airport. According to the Group’s forward plan, in 2040, Pudong Airport will build a “second terminal area” in the more south-east region, or will build two new air terminal buildings and three new runways.
In recent years, Pudong airport has had a higher hourly peak than the air traffic standards issued by the Civil Aviation Authority. In 15 hours between 700 and 2200, the average landing and landing at Pudong airport was near hour capacity.
From the perspective of air space, our flights have grown by about 10% annually, but the supply of available airspace resources to civil aviation has increased by a relatively low amount. The total mileage of air routes has increased only annually between 2004 and 2017.
A total of 3.6 per cent of the airspace of the East China area is one tenth of the country, and the number of flights managed is close to one third of the country.In 2017, Shanghai was ranked second in number, first in number, and third in number, respectively, in terms of the number of flights in the regulatory areas, the length of the accumulated flight hours and the average daily traffic in the near-controlled zone.
According to the Civil Aviation Authority statistics, Pudong Airport became one of the 20 airports with the most serious air traffic delays in 2017, with 2.47 per cent of irregular flights due to air traffic.
In a low-prevalence situation, the departments concerned began to work together on the Shanghai airport upgrade flight normality plan, and on 9 November 2017, 12 temporary routes and 10 waiting airspaces were officially launched in the east of the country.
From the winter and spring flight plan for 2018, we can see that the number of new flights at Pudong Airport is relatively small, with only 0.9% of daily flights scheduled to take place and down, and that the increase in passenger throughput is more likely to be achieved through a replacement of aircraft. In the short term, the three-phase expansion of Pudong Airport, launched at the end of 2015, will be operational in the second half of 2019, and can be mentioned.
High-ground processing capacity, air-pipe systems, etc., are also contributing to the normalization of flights through a variety of measures, including fine-tuning of airspace management, and the existing capabilities at the Poudong airport are largely adequate, but significant space upgrades will require the use of new facilities. Meanwhile, as early as March 2016, the country’s 13th Five-Year Plan was explicitly proposed for the first time until 2020.
Shanghai will basically build international economic, financial, trade, shipping centres and “long-triangular world-class cities”, build international integrated transport hubs such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, improve integrated hub service functions, optimize transit facilities and intermodal networks, strengthen the link between zero-distance passenger rotation and seamless cargo transport, and achieve efficient coordination and integration of different modes of transport
We expect that the main focus of the airport in the last three years will be on improving the quality of services, increasing the share of the airport's transit operations, and building a truly international hub airport. (ii) Operational capacity will continue to improve, with long-term growth still to be expected.
From operational data, it can be seen that since the second phase of the operation in 2005, Pudong Airport has been growing at an average annual rate of 10% since its launch in 2009, in particular the use of runways t2 and t3 in 2008, the Shanghai Expo in 2010, and in 2016.
The use of the fourth runway and the conversion of t1 to completion in 2016 contributed to a significant increase in the volume of operations at Pudong Airport. The increase in passenger traffic at Pudong Airport dropped to 6% in 2018, with an increase in base and limited facility capacity.
Next, 74,054.2 million passenger throughputs were completed, and 3,7619,000 tons of mail through. According to monthly data, the airport throughput was seasonal, but its cyclical characteristics were significantly weaker than those of the airlines it served. In 2018, under the guidance of the Civil Aviation Authority ' s supply side reform of the airport industry, efforts were made to optimize the alienation of the capital, Beijing, and Beijing.
The non-international hub function of the Shanghai Pudong and Guangzhou White Cloud airports, the “Air Fast Line” between the encrypted international and regional hubs, increased 0.5 percentage points in 2018 by the same ratio of international and regional routes at Pudong International Airport and 0.5 percentage points lower by the same percentage of the same ratio. The passenger transit rate at Pudong Airport has also increased steadily since 2010, from 6 per cent to 6 per cent.
Up to 12 per cent, reaching 8.41 million, which is expected to reach 12 per cent by 2018. However, there is still a significant increase in demand and space at Pudong airport compared to the 30 per cent or more transit ratio at the international aviation hub. (ii) Aviation operating rates are relatively stable in the short term, and non-air operations are open to market-based pricing space.
According to the Civil Airport Charge Reform Implementation Program, published at the end of 2007, China Airlines domestic flights (inland airlines), China Air International and Hong Kong Air Lines (inland airlines) and foreign and Hong Kong Air Lines (outland flights) have their own rates.
On 4 February 2013, the Civil Aviation Authority and the Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on the adjustment of the rates for international and commercial civil airports of inland airlines, an upward revision of the rates for international and commercial air traffic airports of inland airlines, and an increase in the rates for in-country and out-of-air flights effective 1 April of that year.
In April 2017, the Civil Aviation Authority issued the Standard Adjustment Program for Civil Airports, which adjusted the airport charges for domestic airlines in two ways, namely by clarifying the standards for air operations charges and ground service charges for aircraft, reducing the gap between international airline rates and, to some extent, liberalizing pricing and adjusting aircraft landings and landings.
For the first time, the actual fees are allowed to rise by 10%. Second, the non-aeronautical industry was adjusted from the original government-directed rates to market-adjusted rates, while the ground service rates for six airports, such as Beijing capital, Shanghai Pudong, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Shenzhen, etc., were adjusted to the market at the same time as the government-guided rates.
Specifically, the Pudong Airport is class I level 1 airport and the current aviation operating charges such as landing and landing charges, parking and passenger bridge charges, passenger service charges and security clearance fees are based on the standard base rates and the floating margins of civil aviation circular No. [2017] 18 on the issuance of a programme for adjusting civil airport rates, and others on the basis of [2007] 158 on the issuance of civilian charges.
Implementation of the Circular on the Implementation of the Airport Charge Reform Programme and the Circular on the Adjustment of Civil Airport Charges for Air Lines in the Mainland, International and Australasia Airports, [2013]3, which is expected to be maintained for some time given the monopolistic nature of the airport ' s aviation operations
The start of a stable, non-air billing process will open the way for a greater increase in the profitability of the airport ' s non-air operations (iii) investment projects around the main industry, with a sustained increase in the return on investment.