The new five-year plan has led to a rapid growth of the company - the year 2020 report (603369) reported: the year 2020 was published and the company collected $5.19 billion, an increase of 5.12 per cent.
Net profit attributable to the parent company was 1,567 million yuan, an increase of 7.46 per cent over the same period; and a basic gain of $1.25 per share was achieved. 20 years of performance were in line with expectations, with a rise in net interest rates and an acceleration in profit growth in the fourth quarter, mainly due to changes in fair value and a significant increase in net return on investment
Oyang Woo Sword - 0.41 per cent, mainly as a result of reduced interest earned and increased interest on loans disbursed, combined with a relatively stable net cash flow of $1,119 million.
The number of distributors has grown faster as a result of the continuous distribution of the national series. In terms of volume prices, the proceeds from the sale of white wine in 2020 were $5,084 million, or +5.11 per cent, and the volume of sales in Beijing is 28 Sin Rixi Street, West Side.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, the national series continues to be released, with a total of 3,069 million yuan in ta+ white wine (synchronous and above), corresponding to +13.00 per cent, 7559.10 thousand litres in sales, +19.51 per cent, 40.6 million yuan per 1,000 litres per unit, the same amount.
In Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, China and China, 1,000 was raised by 5.45 per cent, and the taa (more than 10 pairs) generated 1,503 million yuan in tax-free trade with Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda District.
-1.6 per cent of sales, 111.756 thousand litres, +3.95 per cent of sales, and 13.44 million yuan/thousand litres per unit, 5.40 per cent. Subregionally, Nanjing and Huai'an regions have once again reached the 1 billion mark of income, and the Chengdu China (Sichuan) free trade test
The Central Nanjing Region achieved income of 1,317 million yuan, i.e. 3.50 per cent, and the Huaian Region reached income of 1,077 million dollars.
Billion yuan, equal to 15.61 per cent, income of 654 million yuan, same to 9.39 per cent in the Central Su region, and a steady increase at the end of the year in the total country from 193 distributors to 948 dealers, with a net increase of 70 to 400 dealers in the province (net net increase of +35/+20/2/11/1, respectively, in the South/Sushu/Saline/Saline city/Shanging/Liaohai/Liaoan region, respectively),
The Division has identified two major business strategies and eight strategic initiatives: “White wine” and “cultural proximity.” From branding, emphasis has been placed on sub-strategy, upgrading k and v, and nationalization of national lines of branding;
On the market side, the strategy of “Accessing within and out of the country” is centred on long triangles, with 500-70 million market plates; in terms of product quality, enhanced quality is driven by taste and health, and the quality of white wine is enhanced. We believe that companies have sound business objectives, given their low overall 2020 base.
With the battles of "National V" for "National V" and "National Ending" for "The War of the World" and "The War of the Brands of the World" and "Extra-Provincial Market Breaking" to achieve stable growth and speed up the opening of the provincial markets, the year-round harvest has continued to be strong and stock levels have been low.
In terms of batch prices, the prices are around $400, $250, and the stock is at a relatively low level for the whole quarter. At the retail end, the core item four is raised from 21 years and January to March, at a monthly rate of $10 per bottle.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using information on legal compliance. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, associated with this.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.