Investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) company reports in the first quarter of 2021, yielding operating income of $2.39 billion, an increase of 35.4 per cent.
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 810 million yuan, or 38.8 per cent; q1 Māori rate split products, q1 plant price of 300 yuan or more, increased or declined in the TT+ category of national series (v, k5, quadruple) in response to the rising consumption trend, with the company ' s product structure continuously moving upwards, sub-higher
The end-product benefits are clear (the company ' s product structure continues to improve but does not significantly increase the Māori rate, the prices of the company compare to the depth of 300, or are influenced by a discount factor); the same increase in provincial income is 33.1 per cent, of which Liao An, Nanjing, Salt City,
In addition, according to the company ' s five-year strategic plan, it is expected that v will be the strategic product orientation, with solid development of k-basis.
In the past, it was clear that this is a war, k is a war of promotion, k is a war of branding, foreign warfare, 4 major marketing strategies, and the creation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, V is a high-end enterprise, and the Department of Marketing Supervision, respectively, to respond to the marketing strategy.
The increase has been doubled, and the company is now clearly strengthening its strategic position v9 and v3 (V3 position 700 +, v9 position 1,500 +, based on company disclosure of sales revenue of $128 million in 2020 v9) to include focused resources to enhance outreach, seek v to carry up consumption as a result of branding, company regulations
Drawing v is a 10-year target of 10 billion; k is a major focus on maintaining market order and price stability, and k is a fundamental step forward.
“In 2021, the company will upgrade the fourth, offer the factory price and launch the quota system. On 4 February, the company issued a “suspension of receipt of orders for sales in the fourth country at the start of the sale.” New quadrants or positioning 500 plus is expected for the m3 crystal version.
1. Condoms (603369.sh): The 13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-Five-Five-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F
Quota management is achieved through the introduction of information systems and the promotion of end-to-end scavenging codes.
It's an orderly move, with a focus on the synergy between v9 and the two core items.
Indeed, challenging the target performance is positive and positive, with core k-products still at 23.0 times the life cycle of the product. We believe that corporate product structures respond to the structural growth of the industry, that channels continue to take advantage of group purchasing, that there is still much room for southwards in the regional province, that critical period outside the province is changing, and that the company has 14
1) Consumption has increased at a slower pace than expected, and secondary-end white wine has developed less than expected; 2) the Southern and Central Su regions of Jiangsu Province have performed less than expected; 3) the expansion of the area outside the province has not progressed as expected; and the present report has been produced independently and objectively using information of legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.