Events: Corporate 21q1 achieved gross operating income of $2.397 billion, an increase of 35.34 per cent over the same period; net repatriation \triangleright \triangleright
Right. The rest of the tab, a, b, c, and d products showed average growth rates, with revenue rising at a rate of 73.3 per cent per quarter and net profit growth at a slight increase from 20 q1. Cost rates fell during the period, leading to further increases in net interest rates. 21q1 corporate turnover tax and surcharges
\triangleright, based on the company’s spending habits, usually less in the first half of the year, concentrated in four quarters; administrative costs 1.06pt. As a result, the company’s net interest rate rose by 0.84 pct to 33.61% in the first quarter, with a profit margin.
Distributors are structured in such a way that they start to do so in the developed regions and out of the province. Since 2019, the \triangleright company has been expanding its fleet of dealers in the interior of the province, in the central regions of the province, and in the provinces and abroad.
The 21q1 company has grown by 69% in the south-western region, and the Su-central region has grown by 35%, leading the provinces. The Nanjing region has grown rapidly in recent years as the company’s largest market in the province, with more sophisticated channels and improved purchasing power.
v is a product-oriented market, with a 35% increase in revenue in a quarter. It is clear that the company’s goal of nationalization is to achieve a 67% increase in the 21q1 battalion, a two-fold increase in the average rate of growth within the province. This raises the share of out-of-provincial income to 7.28%, an increase of 1.39 pct, a gain of geographical advantage.
Intra-Saline City also achieved a high growth rate of 68% as a bridgehead to the outside of the province. As a boost, structural upgrading and deep-deep in- and out-of-the-scenes expansion have been effective. We maintain the present-day horizon (603369): a slightly over-predictable performance.
Risk factors: Upgraded competition within the province; Out-of-Provincial market unreached \triangleright edge of the world (603369): optimized structure, districts
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 2: 57 per cent increase in revenue for product categories 21q1 taa+
Figure 5: Continuing downscaling of 21q1 company rates Figure 6: Expansion stage for key market distributors in the province Figure 7: Expansion phase for out-of-provincial distributors
Figure 8: Rapid growth in the developed regions and out-of-provincial areas in the province of 21q1
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.