In the present world, the world has changed to a new market, and the end-states have gone up, and the company's core is now in a new and old connection, with flexible sales policies and end-favourability.
The company’s products competed with competitions in price strategies, and now sales in the province have become virtuous circles. This is a world-end tracking point.
In January 2021, the company launched a new upgrading of the country's borders. The source feedback shows that the old fours are now closed and the new fours are now open.
The shipment started in early May and is now in the old and new bridging period. On the price side, the proposed retail price has risen, while the manufacturer has increased the stickyness of its consumption through activities such as bottle-covering and wine-exchange activities, and we've judged that the real deal is expected to go up steadily.
The 14th Plan sets higher targets for the V series, and the current V3 end performance is up to 5%, giving higher growth targets for the V series.
It's a relatively short time to be listed, and it's still in the nurturing phase. (2) v3 products are priced above the dream 6+, and manufacturers demand retail prices at not less than $720, and support channels on a cost basis. Channel v3 has a four-way brand base, and the end performance is up, making faster sales. We judge.
The company’s product lines are well planned, the price of the product is wrong to that of the competition, and the ratio of more than $300 to that of the product will continue to rise. In terms of the price performance of the core of the single product, we believe that in Jiangsu this is the product of the world.
Prices and competitions are different. We believe that the world has seized the opportunity of a second-end expansion of the current round of white wine, and now sales in Jiangsu province have formed a virtuous circle, mainly in terms of price stability, low inventories, and fast sales.
The company, as a sub-high-end wine, is expected to boost its internal incentives, and its product structure is excellent, and it's in the province. "The depth of the world: the product is rapidly upgraded, and the depth of the economy is sinking."
There is a backlog of channels in the province, which are squeezed by competition, sold below expectations.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing