Four products were upgraded well, and the refunds were better to ensure the first half of the year's performance. Chen Qingqing's food beverage view: the company's four new and old replacements were smooth, the channels and end-end recognition were high, the price plates were up steadily.
More quickly, than at the same level last year, the performance of the second quarter has continued to be positive. In 21 years, the company focused on four battles, and now progresses well, steadily upwards, slightly exceeding the 1455 plan.
In May, the company began its full listing and is now in the old and new bridging period. According to the feedback from the research, the current channels and terminals are low in stock, the new four channels are relatively high in recognition, and the terminal price is more than $450 in mature areas, while the new four are generally around $480 in other areas, while the new four are using the control disk split model, which allows scavenging to facilitate quota and inventory red line management.
Price hikes are expected to further expand profit margins and boost distributors and end-favourability. Refund sales are better, second-quarter performance continues to be 50% of the expected completion rate, and second-quarter company performance is expected to continue to be better when delivery is better.
The demand is strong, the v series is growing by 300 per cent, v3 and v9 high-end consumer growth over time, the old k is focusing on new and old replacements, the control board is gradually moving the end price up, and the product upgrade is now well under way: the collection series benefits from the price swings in the intra-provincial banquet market, the company’s 200-dollar price belt’s soft-state product is growing at a better rate, and the subsequent company will gradually move into the 20-and-30 deposit to cope with the final consumption escalation.
In the 21st century, the 4th battle was a steady one, and in the 14th, 5th year, the year 2021 marked the beginning of the world's full-scale “development of quality, wine and wine”, with the first priority being to fight four battles: (a) the continuous intensification of v is a strategy based on v9 as an engine, radiation-driven v3; and (b) the rational design of the upgrading battle, with the 4-large single items at a price of $500 in the province.
It is now in the lead, seeking to make a breakthrough across the country. It is organizing a new marketing campaign. It is actively promoting price-control gains through the orderly introduction of quota management. 3) It is organizing today's worldwide branding campaign, making the D20/d30 product listing label, and accelerating access to the sub-higher ends. Upgrading the Planet Series, as a commercial and online, business super-channel supplement; 4) it is fully committed to winning the provincial breakthroughs, following an outreach strategy of “comprehensive planning, focused breakthroughs, radiation around the perimeter, ladder development” and creating a corporate executive symlink.
Building on its 14-year-old goal, the company's 21-year strategic plan has been phased out, and the four battles are now well under way, with the first year showing slightly more than the original 14-year plan, opening up a space for up-to-date company growth. Investment proposals: upgrade of the company's products and out-of-country expansion, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations: The Constellation of the World - 603369 - Critical Events Rapid Assessment: Product Plus Channels Double Wheeled, Branding Continuous Release - 2019-12-31 Authors' assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on his professional understanding, and by reasoned judgment and conclusion, aim for objectivity and fairness