Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of the company ' s 2020 report, generating operating income of $5.12 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent, attributable to listed company shares
The net profit in the east was 1.57 billion yuan, or 7.5 per cent more, and the non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of listed companies were realized. 135 solid collectors. The same increase in corporate revenues was 5.1 per cent in 2020 and 930 million yuan in q4 in 20 years, an increase of 22.2 per cent, which is in line with expectations.
60%, plus 4.3pct, with other series falling the same time, and responding companies benefiting from consumption escalation is clear; Inner Huaian, Nanjing, Salt City, Sunan, Su-China, Huaihai, respectively, have increased their revenues by comparison with the trend of 300 deep company prices.
• The strategy of using v as a product is based on a solid development of 100 fundamentals. This was preceded by the strategy of fighting hard, k by raising the world's brands, and four major marketing strategies, with the creation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, V by the Ministry of Advanced Industries, and the marketing component of the marketing inspectorate.
Break, v is an overall or near-double growth, and the company is now significantly strengthened v9 and v3 strategic status (v3 position 700+, v9 position 1,500+, based on company disclosure of V9 sales revenue of $128 million in 2020), including focused resources for enhanced promotion, pursuit of v branding to take over the upgrading of consumption, company planning v
Ten-year-old target of 10 billion; k is primarily to maintain market order and price stability, and to keep the k 4 open for new upgrades. The company’s deputy general manager Hujing said earlier: “In 2021, the company will move forward.
On 4 February, the company issued a “Suspension of the receipt of sales on the 4th front line of the sale is a notice of rapid growth” - 200807. It is expected to open or locate 500 dollars + against the m3. On the one hand, through the product.
Quota regulation, strict price control, through the import of information systems and the promotion of end-out.
"The End of the World: The 14th and 5th Goals doubled, four major marketing, storage, etc., to achieve an orderly advance in quota administration, with a focus on the battles of the two core items of v9 and 4" - 20201229
The second-high-end four will continue to be the company’s core increase over the next two years.
Sexual growth, with channels continuing to take advantage of the banding advantage, the region's southern and southern spaces remain large, and the critical period outside the province is changing. The company's 1455 challenge targets have a chance to be met, with comparative advantages relative to the industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, and the South and Central Su region performing less than expected; and 3) the out-of-town expansion is not proceeding as well as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.