The 13th Five-Year Plan provides for a smooth winding-up of officials, and the new five-year plan strengthens confidence The present-day horizon (603369) performance forecast for 2020 is now returned to the mother's net profit of 1,567 million yuan, or +7.46% of the year.
Thirteen-five, with a modest increase in income and performance compared to the previous performance forecast of hundreds of millions. The product structure continued to move upwards, with a revenue of $3.00 billion for the TP group during the reporting period, compared with 13 per cent for the TP group, and $329 million for the extra-provincial market, an increase of 6.17 per cent over the same period, owing to the significant increase in the cost of raw materials and labour.
As a result, there has been a decline in the Māori rate at all levels of the company, with the Māori rate falling between 1.78 ppt and 71.11 per cent for the white wine business, with a small drop in the cost rate and a small increase in the other three costs. But net interest rates have increased by 0.67 ppt to 30.61 per cent, and the five-year strategic plan outline has strengthened the 14th Five-Year Growth Commitment.
In the framework of the five-year strategic plan, the company mentioned that it would continue to recommend high-quality development during the “14th Five-Year Plan” for 15 billion yuan. The company would be based on Jiangsu and focus on the whole country, with clear strategic planning.
To define a regional strategy for “the nation as a whole, the main Chinese battlefield, the key long triangle”; on the product, the firm’s nationalism seeks to make v a higher price belt, k a higher price belt, k a higher standard, and a collection that activates the main hymn market: on the channel, the company has focused on promoting “price-control profits” in the province, and has firmly pursued stockpile and quota management to strictly regulate prices, with emphasis on production.
(a) S01051901004 cargo terminal palettes are stable and raise profits for distributors and terminals to avoid offsetting market risks;
The average of 51 times the year's average (wind unanimously predicts, averaging of numbers) maintains the “recommended” rating.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.