Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Annual Review of the world: product upgrading is continuing, looking forward to the 1455 Developments of the Company Event: The company released its annual 2020 report to achieve business income, net return to the mother, deduction of non-return to the mother
Revenue analysis: product structure continues to upgrade, out-of-town expansion continues, national branding sales account for more than 75 per cent, v being 50 per cent increase in sales, and high-quality and smooth harvests for the current year ' s year, d20.
(a) The initial success of the process, with an orderly roll-out of d30. Up. The company ' s revenues in the province amounted to $4,767 million (4.97 per cent higher), while those in the province amounted to $329 million (9.4 per cent and 6 per cent higher, respectively) and the camp ' s Xiao ' an region grew at a smooth pace;
"The world" (603369). "The world: 3) Channels: the number of corporate distributors increased from 755 to 948 (+193), from which there was a marked improvement from the ring ratio in the provinces, a return to growth in the country, a return to quiet.
330 to 400 (+70) and out of province from 425 to 548 (+123). Pending Mid-Autumn acceleration - 2020/08/10 Profit Analysis: Changes in accounting standards and enhanced promotions, with lower Māori rates
In 2020, the company achieved a net return profit of 1,567 million yuan, an increase of 7.46 per cent over the same period (q1:-95.2 per cent; in 2020, the company increased its overall support to distributors to offset the exchange rate; 2) accounting standard adjustment, with transport costs factored into costs; and in the case of accounting standards adjustment, promotion of return profit no longer.
The net interest rate for the year was 30.61%, an increase of 0.67 pct for the same year.
27.36 per cent, an increase of 5.72 pct over the same year, mainly due to a significant increase in investment returns (the increase over the same year).
In the short term, based on the feedback from the channel, this year's return is significantly better than in the same period last year, and the goods are moving well. The country's four-way anchoring is the fastest-growing sub-high-end price belt, the prev anchoring is 600-800-dollar blue-sea price belt, and the bulk of the monolithic series is actively nurtured.
Looking ahead, 2021, as the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan, is the first year of the company's nationalization strategy and its cross-cutting development.
The cost is put on the table, and the company’s contribution is expected to increase income growth.
Medium- and long-term outlook: 14th Five-Year Plan is clear, looking at the long-term development of the company. Analysis based on the company's submission: The markup is largely volume-driven, with a smaller contribution, mainly based on corporate sales targets.
From the point of view of packaging production security, there is a certain amplification effect, and the company continues to focus on improved products (2) on v-k-system development: v was raised from 260 million in 20 years to 2 million, cagr exhibition, increased v-system and current-day series d20/d30, while k is large monolithic for prudence.
The principle is to consider that the growth rate of the plan is relatively cautious, but the company is set to move into a long-term, built-up, high-end, and the actual planning is clearly much higher. The world’s leading year reviews: product upgrading continues, looking ahead to the company’s 1455 development.
In the next five years, the V series will promote high-end markets in and out of the province, raise market shares in and out of the province, and upgrade the world's horizons.
We believe that industry sales are expected to continue to decline over the next five years, and brand concentration continues to rise, with the same saliva boom and a marked upturn. Industry moves into the second half of the phase-out and captures the opportunities for liquor and sub-high-end upgrades.
As a result, a new class of Chinese Qing Ya paste and white wine has been created, while the company’s state of nationality has been upgraded, with a 500-bit high-end price belt, and the present-day collection d30 has been upgraded to speed up its entry into the sub-high-end track, which is expected to benefit from the next next price escalation.
With greater expansion in and out of the province, there will be an increase in the pre-disbursal cost, with a modest profit forecast: in the short term, the company will upgrade its products, with a high price band of $500, which is expected to benefit from an upscaling of consumption in the province. In the long run, the structure of the company’s products will continue to improve,v
In addition to the new energy that will be injected into the growth of the company, the company will further expand its relatively weak markets, such as tin-free and Suzhou, with the prospect of a sustained expansion of its strengths in the province, as well as the intensification of the extra-provincial market expansion, the nationalization landscape and the expansion of the market expansion.
There's a big swing, there's a big drop in the consumption of white wine, and so on.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.