In the first three quarters of China's cobalm industry, the performance of the previous three quarters had increased, and integration had continued.
39.59 per cent; firm integration is deepening, project construction is advancing steadily, and future performance is expected to continue to grow, maintaining an increase in ratings. 58,941 million yuan was reported in the third quarter of the year, representing an increase of 29.57 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return to the mother
Rendered by $4,216 million, an increase of 39.59 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation by $4,012 million, an increase of 31.92 per cent in the same year. Twenty-one,744 million won in the third quarter, an increase of 40.85 per cent in the same year.
Construction of the pomalaa wet-work project began, with the Sorowako project, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel per year, raising its grade to 1.34%. The project is in the equipment installation phase and is expected to complete construction by the end of the year, further reducing the cost of lithium salt.
In Hungary, bulk supply was achieved through a pilot project, a 25,000-ton project was successfully launched in Hungary, a long-sheet agreement was signed with the lig new energy source, and the competitiveness of lithium electric materials was further enhanced: a recent company announcement, a subsidiary, the Länder new energy and lges signed an agreement on the supply of triad drivers, both parties
For the period 2026-2030, the State ' s new energy sources are expected to supply lges and its designated purchasers with a total of approximately 76,000 tons of pre-K$3 drive products; the subsidiaries Chengbamong and Bamo, Hungary, and the lges and lges Polish factories, their subsidiaries, entered into a three-dollar " basic procurement contract " , contractually agreed.
For the period 2026-2030, Bámo, Hungary, expects to sell a combined total of about 88,000 tons of battery orthodoxy material to the lges and its subsidiary, the lges Polish factory.
In conjunction with the company's three-quarterly report, and taking into account the progressive release of the company's nickel smelting capacity, the relatively rapid growth in the volume of nickel products, and the increased advantages of the integration of the lithium electricity industry chain, we have made the company's demand for new pre-energy vehicles and 3c batteries for 2025-2027 less than expected; and the global mining and release of cobalt and nickel is exceedingly advanced.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. expects; price competition is over-expected; overseas operations and exchange rate risks; qualification for portfolio investment consultancy