Performance continued to grow, with deep-beneficiary cobalt prices up, events: the company issued its three-quarterly report in 2025, and its performance continued to grow.
Volume: The nickel project continues to produce a steady excess product and the cobalt product export ring ratio rises. 1) Nickel: the Huaife and China border project continues to produce a steady excess product and 25q3 is expected to produce a flat ring; 2) Cobalt: the cobalt price ring continues to increase a portion of the company's inventory and 25q3 is expected to increase the volume of cobalt products delivered; 3) copper: accompanied by the Congolese gold into full water
Improved power supply, 25q3 projected an increase in the copper production ring ratio; 4) lithium: the company ' s production capacity is high and the yield of 25q3 lithium carbonate is expected to remain stable; 5) positive material: 25q3 is expected to continue to increase the volume ring ratio of the tri-dollar orthodoxy material, mainly as a result of the company ' s rising share in the customer end.
Qiuzu ' s price: The Democratic Republic of the Congo quota policy has accelerated the rise in cobalt prices on the ground, and nickel rings have been slightly lower than at the bottom but clearly defined. 2025q3, the company ' s main product price is copper (previous period)/cobalt/lme nickel/former body (synchronous 6)/trinity
Extreme materials (synchronous 6)/Lithium carbonate were found at 44 per cent of $7.950 million per ton, $26.68 million per ton, $15.226 per ton, Democratic Republic of the Congo cobalt raw materials export quota, about 1.8 million tons for the remainder of 25 years. The shortage of cobalt raw materials was difficult to change, and the trend in the centre of cobalt prices was clear and the company benefited from depth.
Project construction is progressing steadily to create a high-quality business layout. Upstream end: 1) Nickel: In Indonesia, \triangleright has two additional shares of nickel from the red earth, with a further increase in reserves of cobalt nickel resources; 120,000 tons of nickel metal is produced annually.
Construction of the Pomalaa Wet Project began, and the Sorowako Wet Project, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel per year, was reported in the first quarter of the year, 025: high performance innovation, advanced preparation for the "Four Bottoms" period, and construction of the Poma Park began.) Lithium: in Zimbabwe, through supplemental surveys.
Growth period - 2025/04/21 Explored that the amount of lithium reserves in the arcadia mine increased from 1.5 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent to 2.45 million tons of lithium carbonate.
Up to 1.34 per cent; project production performance indicators are being optimized and production costs are declining; and the lithium project produced 50,000 tons of sulphuric acid per year in October was successfully set on fire. Construction is expected to be completed by the end of the year, and full distribution will be achieved when the project is completed.
The advantages of smelting are integrated, further reducing the cost of lithium salt production. Substream lithium power source end: 50,000 Indonesians; q3 performance is over-expected; integration advantage is shown to be a mass supply of 2024/t3-tetra-tem in order to lay the foundation for entry into the North American market; Hungary is a positive material.
5. The semi-annual report of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) in 2024, the first phase of the 25,000-ton project is well under way and is expected to be completed during the course of the year, with support companies deeply embedded in electric cars in Europe.
Industrial chains, taking advantage of European and global markets for the lithium chain. Investment advice: company upstream resources are well configured to build solid moats, downstream lithium materials \triangleright and international capital \triangleright
The source and car giants are bound in depth and are now determined at the “four bottoms” and the cyclical growth attributes are highlighted. We expect the methodology and analytical logic to lead to conclusions, to produce the report independently and objectively, and to be responsible for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research and research of researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.