The advantages of integration show that the future benefits are expected to rise in cobalt prices +31.9 per cent, with gross operating income of $21.74 billion for q3 in the quarter of 25 years, rising compared to the steady build-up of Indonesia's nickel resources and the continued growth of the global resource base.
The company developed nickel and cobalt lithium resources in Indonesia, Zimbabwe, etc., to form solid upstream resources safeguards, such as 120,000 tons of nickel metal per year produced by the Pomalaa wetland project in Indonesia, and Zimbabu prices compared to 300 per cent of the depth of the industry.
The amount of Lithium Vercadia resources has increased to 2.45 million tons, supporting the supply of lithium salt raw materials. Medium- and wet-water smelting has resulted in a total release of more than 60% of ultra-high nickel 9 products, while Hungary’s positive material phase of 25,000 tons project is expected to be completed within the year, further reinforcing the global landscape.
• The Democratic Republic of the Congo quota policy is on the ground and cobalt prices are expected to rise continuously. According to Smm, the Democratic Republic of the Congo announced the extension of the export ban, which expired on 21 September, until 15 October, and the introduction of a quota policy as of 16 October.
Cobalt prices are expected to rise continuously in future export quotas, with cobalt resources expected to go to stock on a continuous basis, 26 years of supply and demand shortages, and, given the well-developed upstream resource layout of the company, lithium electric materials are expected to be released quickly, with cobalt prices rising, etc.
The company ' s new production capacity was not built as expected; prices of raw materials were volatile as expected; downstream demand was not growing as expected and industry competition intensified.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using information that is legally compliant, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.