Photovoltaic film taps, moving towards Platform New Materials — Forster (603806.sh) In-depth report — Corporate Profile: Photovoltaic film taps, electronic materials, moving towards New Materials Platforming
It is strongly recommended (upgraded) that the company's main business is photovoltaic materials (plastic and backboards) and is the absolute leader of the photovoltaic film industry, with a constant rate of more than 50%. The new product has now achieved a “0-1” breakthrough and is in the process of being released.
• In the short term: photo-voltaic materials will rise, total aggregate demand will benefit from growth in photovoltaic aggregates and expansion of production capacity, Māori rates will be the absolute leader of the photo-voltaic film, with the city standing at more than 50% a year, and backboards will be located.
Industry at the forefront. The demand for photo-voltaic film has grown steadily with the growth of demand for affordable Internet access worldwide. Companies plan to double their production capacity and further strengthen their industry position in the future. Companies sell film with an improved product structure and higher Māori sales such as whiteeva, poe, etc.
The company's Māori rate is rising. The future of photovoltaic operations is on a massive scale. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company has achieved a “0 to 1” breakthrough, with smooth access to deep south circuits, large electronics supply chains, and is expected to accelerate release in the future, with the possibility of becoming a leader in the industry. Similarly, materials such as fccl, photo-covering membranes, etc. are in active stock and are now being marketed.
• Long-term: technological accumulation and R & D advantages enable companies to move to new materials platforms. New materials are the foundation of advanced manufacturing. Companies have deep technological accumulations and strong R & D advantages, and have the capacity to develop new products on a sustainable basis, moving towards new materials platforms.
Downstream industries, taking advantage of technological accumulation and R & D advantages, quickly leapfrog into a segmented domain, building support points for the growth of the public sector. Companies have the capacity to remain invisible champions of the segmented area.
Taking into account the new changes in the short, medium and long cycle of the company, the firm was rated as “very recommended.” The epidemic affected sales in the first quarter, the film unit price and the Māori, the progress was not as high as expected, the recovery risk of the receivables
Photovoltaic film taps are solid and electronic material operations are well under way. 2020-03-23. Good for good. 2018-08-26.
We expect the company's future photo-voltaic portfolio to grow, and its exposure to the dehydrated membrane to drive the public.
Photovoltaics: We assume that demand continues to grow at a high rate of photovoltaic parities online, that the company's rapid expansion of productive capacity continues to increase its market share slightly, and that the company's sales of high Maori products, such as whiteeva and poe, have increased its sales of luminous diaphragms: we assume that the company's productivity expands smoothly, downstream customers are certified to continue to improve procurement, public
The Division's business is back to a reasonable level of Māori in the right path, and we're different from the market's point of view (1) The market's view is that corporate Māori rates and city occupancy rates have not improved much. We've been researching industry.
The whiteeva and poe membrane have been proven to be a trend for the future, and new products can further raise the Māori rate. In terms of the city’s share, the company is the leader in the absolute industry and is still growing significantly, with a modest increase in the future. (2) The market has not paid much attention to the company’s photo-dry film business, and still defines the company as a photovoltaic company.
For the company to become another boxer, with the potential to grow into a career leader, the industry is expected to replicate the company’s success path in the photovoltaic film. (3) Market views do not focus on the company’s potential for platform development.
Accumulated and powerful R & D advantage, with the ability to develop new products on a continuous basis, will grow into a platform for new material companies in the long term. Companies have the ability to remain invisible champions in the area of segmentation.
Photovoltaic demand is less than expected, product prices are more likely to fall, luminous membrane is less advanced than expected, wind risks are less advanced, receivables recovery risks are higher.1 Corporate profile: photovoltaic film taps, moving towards platformed new material companies
The company was founded in 2003 as a company focused on new materials. The company’s main photovoltaic material (photovoltaic film, backboard) is actively developing new materials, such as electronic materials, and has achieved some results. From the company’s business path, the company is always focused on new materials.
After the company was formed, the focus of its operations shifted to photo-film, successfully breaking foreign corporate monopolies, and became the absolute leader of the photo-film. In 2015, the company introduced the strategic objective of “a light-based master industry, with a strong effort to develop other new material industries” and began to move into business areas such as electronic materials.
With regard to photovoltaic materials, the company is the absolute leader in the film industry, with the global city share remaining at about 50 per cent for a long time, with 750 million square metres in 2019. The sales of photovoltted backboards are also at the forefront of the industry, with 500 million square metres in 2019, the fourth largest in the industry.
In electronic material business, the luminous membrane has made a major breakthrough, successfully entering the supply chain system, which is the lower poles of deep south circuits, congenial electronics, etc. At the same time, products such as fccl have begun to be marketed.
While still predominantly vinyl and backboard (largely vinyl) in 2019, 89.3 per cent and 8.3 per cent respectively, the share of electronics (predominantly radiated demersal) in recent years has not been high (0.9 per cent), but has shown a rapid upward trend. In 2017, the Māori rate of company-owned business was at a higher level and new products had better prospects for profitability.
After a fast period of development, the Māori rate has remained around 20% in recent years. Electronic materials are new and, as business continues to be a business that is a company-focused and emerging business, Māori is now in the process of gradually increasing and is expected to contribute to greater performance elasticity in the future.
The company grew in the past from growing demand in the photovoltaic sector, and in the future from a combination of the photovoltaic industry and the electronics industry. Long-term space from the expansion of the industry as a result of the development of platforms and the widening of the moat river.
957 million yuan, or 27.39 per cent of the same figure. 23.4 per cent of the combined photovoltage machine speed in 2014-2019, 2 photovoltaic materials: an absolute tap of the membrane, which is expected to lead to a very high yield.
Photovoltaic is currently the most important downstream industry for companies whose main products are photovoltaic film and photovoltaic backboards, which in 2019 earned 89.3 per cent and 8.3 per cent, respectively, of the value of photovoltaic film and backboards, which are important material for wrapping and protecting solar cells and, to some extent, upgrading photovoltaic components.
The company is an absolute leader in the membrane sector, with a long-term market share of around 50 per cent, and a backboard of the industry, which in recent years has remained essentially at the fourth level of the industry.
Photovoltaic power is still low and has a wide range of long-term growth spaces. Photovoltaic power has multiple advantages, such as cleanness, renewables, distribution, and is now economically better and cost-effective, making sense of future social energy.
In 2018, the share of global photovoltaic power consumption was only 2.4 per cent (renn21), and in 2019, the share of domestic photovoltaics was nearly 1.6 per cent.
It will reach 8519gw, while by the end of 2019 only 580gw of a cumulative global photovoltaic loading capacity, with a photovoltaic space close to 8000gw, with an average of 378gw installed per year. The cost of photovoltaics is declining, and global Internet access is becoming a driving force for growth.
Maturity drives photovoltaic costs to continue to decline, and photovoltaics are no longer expensive energy sources, but are the least costly in a growing number of countries and regions around the world. The share of photovoltaic systems in the highest number of components fell from $1.24/w in 2011 to $0.17/w, a drop of over 86%.
In 2009, $304/mwh fell to $57/mwh in 2019, down by as much as 81%, far from other types of energy. The power of reduced photovoltaic costs is continuing, global parity is gradually being achieved, and the cost of photovoltaic power has fallen by 81% over the past decade.
Prices of photovoltaic components fell by more than 86% between 2011 and 1999, but the impact was less than expected. Since the beginning of 2020, the outbreak (covic-19) has erupted globally, with short-term impacts on photovoltaic demand in some countries.
However, the impact of the epidemic was lower than expected. Domestic component exports remained strong in March-April, with component exports of 7.49gw in March (+167.4% compared to +167.4), components in April, 5.46gw in April (+4.7% comparison),
At present, the external epidemic is on the verge of a marginal upturn, and domestic loading + additional parity projects are raising demand, with positive growth expected in 2020. Global light voltage is expected to grow by 120gw, of which 45gw (+49.5%) and 75gw (11.8%) are expected to be installed overseas in 2020.
In the past, a new wave of photovoltaic demand will be contained. The major photovoltaic markets abroad, such as Europe, the United States, Japan, etc., are improving, and the major economic activities are improving.
India, Latin America, and the Middle East, for example, are still more severe, but the overall installed ratio is relatively small. Taken together, additional overseas installed aircraft may have fallen slightly in 2020, but will recover quickly after the epidemic has passed.
In the second half of the year, the demand will be connected to the new bid project in 2020, which is expected to remain high throughout the year.
Installation is expected to reach 45gw, which is an important component of global demand. 2.2, Photovoltaic film: the company is the absolute leader, strong expansion and product upgrading are the moating river. 2.2.1, Technology: Photovoltaic film is an important encapsulation material for the components, and technology routes are stable.
Photovoltaic film is an important encapsulation material used in the production of photovoltaic components and is used to protect the cells inside the components, divided by product structure, into e-films, pe-films, etc., of which e-film consists of a generic transparent e-film and a white e-film. e- and pe-film are e-va (ethylene-ethylene acetate condensate condensate, respectively)
The resins, poe (polyfin aromatics) resins are the feedstocks, melted through the addition of coitus, help with ageing, etc., squeezed out, using salivation as a legal membrane. The membrane technology routes are stable and there is no risk of substitution of products.
More quickly, it has been reported that technological change has occurred mainly in the main industrial chain (silicon, silicon, battery, components), and that there have been several major changes in recent years, such as the cold hydrogenization of multisilicon, the replacement of thermal hydrogenation, the single replacement of silicone, the rise of multi-crystal, and the emergence of cellular perc batteries, and that new technological changes in the future, such as heterogeneous tectonic batteries, are still under development.
Each technological change will contribute significantly to industrial progress, but it will also have a severe impact on existing patterns. Compared to the main industrial chain, the film is used as an aid for photovoltaic components, the technology route is more stable, regardless of how battery technology changes, the demand for the film has remained stable, and alternatives are not visible for the foreseeable future.
It happens. Even product upgrades occur mainly within the existing system. For example, from normal transparencyeva to white eva or poe. White eva is a normal eva upgrade product that effectively increases the power of the components. White eva
Traditional transparency has served only as a wrapping, glued, yellow-resistant, etc., and does not add to the power generation efficiency of the components. White eva can be used on the back side of the components, and can be used as a light to reflect the gap between the cells, thereby effectively increasing the efficiency of the components. White eva is used in the two-bond components.
A power gain of 7-10 w can be achieved for a single-bond component to achieve a power gain of 1-3w. Whiteeva can effectively increase the power of a component. The poe membrane is another material-based photovoltaic film with excellent antipid properties.
It is an ethylene-octane co-polymer with excellent properties such as high water and gas barriers, high visible light passivity, high volume resistance, good resistance and long-lasting antipid performance, as well as a high reflectivity of poe, which enhances the effective use of components for solar light and thus their power.
2.2.2 Pattern: companies are absolute leaders, with over 50% of the city for a long time, and production capacity will double again in the future. Photovoltaic film is typical of national substitution, and companies gradually grow into global elastic taps.
Foreign firms account for more than 60% of the market. Forster was formally established in 2003 and began to move into the photo-voltaic film industry. Market share grew faster since 2006, and in 2008 it surpassed Pristom and Etimex, the top three global players.
The company is the first drafter of national and industry standards and has a strong industrial influence and appeal. The company, as the first drafter, is involved in the national standard gb/t29848-2013 ethylene acetate (eva) consummation of photovoltage components and the industry association standard t/cpia0006-2017 PV components.
The pattern is stable, the concentration of the industry is higher, and the company is the absolute market leader. The photovoltaic film is the most concentrated link in the photovoltaic industry chain. The company is the photovoltaic film tap, with a market rate of over 50% for a long time.
Forster, Sweck, Hay Yoway, cr., has a long history of more than 70 per cent; in 2019, the company produced 749 million square metres of film, 4.5 times the volume of the second Swick in industry and 5.5 times the volume of the third Sea Yoji in industry.
Based on size and cost advantages, as well as the future development of photovoltaic space, firms are strongly expanding their capacity. In 2019, 1.1 billion pieces of debt were released, consisting of 250 million square metres of annual production of whiteva film modification projects and 200 million square metres of annual production of pe-encapable film projects (one phase of 100 million square metres).
By 2020, 1.4 billion pieces of debt could be released, mainly a 500 million m2 photo-voltaic membrane project per year in Kyongzhou. Adding to the planned expansion of the plant capacity in Thailand, with the completion of the full expansion, the total capacity of the company will reach 15.45gw, with the company expanding mainly 100 million m2 in the Hangzhou base in 2020, with production expanding mainly in Hangzhou and Thailand in 2021.
Base, estimated to be 100 million square metres each, with production expansion beginning in 2022 in each of the counties of Kyongzhou, with a total capacity of 500 million square metres. Table 8: Companies raising 950 million square metres of film production capacity in two remorts of their debt-transferable projects. 2.2.3, Profit: Companies leading the Māori industry, with crude oil prices falling lower costs
The company ' s photo-film Māori rate has remained at around 20 per cent in recent years and is a leader in the industry.
On the supply side, Foster takes the initiative to keep the Māori rate at a reasonable level of 20%, the industry has no excess profits, and expansion to new entrants is less dynamic. On the demand side, the cost of the film is only 5% of the cost of the component, but it is vital for the quality of the component, which is critical for the component.
The upstream price pressure is not strong. The film unit price is 5% of the cost of the components at the bottom of 2017.
In terms of cost composition, the production costs of photovoltaic film are mainly composed of direct material, man-made and manufacturing costs, of which the bulk of the direct material is over 90 per cent, manufacturing 8 per cent, and labour 2 per cent.eva and poe film are the main raw materials, e.g., resins, poe, etc.
The eva resins are co-mingled by ethylene (e) and acetic ethylene esters (va), a common petrochemical product. eva resins vary according to their va content.
Corporate costs are affected by oil prices, but price transfer mechanisms are weak and somewhat lagging. Companies spend more than 90% of their costs on film as raw materials, and eeva and poe resin as petrochemical products at prices and international prices.
Oil prices are somewhat relevant, but price transmission mechanisms are somewhat weak and somewhat lagging. Similarly, companies can direct the rise in raw material costs downstream, but they are affected by stock and order negotiations, which are somewhat weak and lagging.
In the early years, domestic firms had between 12% and 24% of their fat content, which did not meet the production requirements for photovoltaic eva membrane, so the luminous turbo resins used in the country were mostly from overseas enterprises such as Dubon, Sani, etc. In recent years, as the industry matured, the country produced a total of 12% to 24%.
The market share is expected to rise by over 30% in the future. The domestic production of the resin is slightly lower than overseas, with an exchange rate advantage, while producing more rapidly at home, without the need for large stocks, which will help to increase the company’s stock turnover.
The white gel can increase reflectivity, increase the power of the components, the poe has high-resistant pid properties, and the two-bond components usually use pee. It is therefore favoured by downstream customers.
In 2019, the share of Poe was about 12%, and it is still growing, with a higher unit price for new products and a higher Māori rate. Whiteeva's premium is reflected in its gain on component power. Whiteeva's for two-probate components.
Power gains 7-10w. Power gains 1-3w for single-bond components. Higher power components can enjoy a premium because of their cost savings on the power station bos, so whiteeva can enjoy a premium.
The average unit price of a company’s film is rising as the sales ratio of the company’s whiteeva and poe increases. In terms of the Māori rate, whiteeva and poe are higher than average, and company 2018h1 is white.
Companies have a greater advantage on white eva and poe film. Companies have a stronger advantage on white eva and poe film because of their strong R & D and customer resource advantages.
It is difficult to build an advantage on many products at the same time, for example, with a single-point break. For example, sea-coupled new material is mainly white eva, while for poe, only a little more than 3 m, except for the company, is delivered, with a large difference from the company’s size.
New components, such as welding, tiles, etc., bring new special film needs, and the tap position is further consolidated. For example, the crystal energy tiger welding assembly uses a special "z" type of flexible welding band, requires special eva or poe film, and effectively fills the gap between the overlapping area battery and the welding tape at high temperatures.
The film provides a buffer to safeguard the reliability of the components. The emerging niche products, which are beneficial to the company, further strengthen the company’s leadership, make new products more profitable, and further enhance the company’s profitability.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I'm sorry, overlaping regionthages excellentbufferingfect to insuretheeliability.
2.3. Plumbing backboards: The company is in a row with a steady future. Plumbing backboards are also important encapsulations for photovoltaic components, using the back of dry photovoltaic components as protective components. The company has been in the fourth place in the industry in recent years and will continue to grow steadily in the future. The company is in the backboard industry.
Team, in recent years, a steady but industry-fourth level, with 150 million square meters of backboards in 2019. The backboard industry is more fragmented and competitive than the photovoltaic film.
Tracking transparent backboard trends closely, and research and development end work has been completed. The backside of two-sided components is usually covered with glass or open backboards. Due to the heavyness of glass, parts of the transport costs and areas with higher installation costs are more likely to use both-faced backboard components.
In order to ensure a smooth supply of raw materials, some component companies have begun to promote well-defined backboard components, and companies have successfully developed transparent grid backboards for multiple customers, following a trend towards transparency in technology development and development.
If the terminal batch is successful, the company plans to expand transparent backboard production, and it is expected to contribute by that time. Electronic material: pcb senses a wide space for the membrane, the company's national production vanguard. Electronic material is another industry that focuses on the layout of the company's photovoltaic material.
Rapid progress has been made on the luminous membrane, which has entered into the supply chain system, leading by the deep-south circuits, congener electronics, etc., and which has seen rapid growth in recent years.
3.1.1 pcb is the mother of electronics, and the market space is wide pcb (printedcircuitboard), i.e. the printed circuit board, is the base plate used to assemble electronic parts, which is used to connect various electronic components for electrical conductivity and is more efficient and reliable than wire connections.pcb
The global pcb output is close to $60 billion and the future market space is wide. The pcb application covers a variety of electronic products, mainly in the areas of communications, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, military aviation, industrial controls, etc.
The exhibition space is closely linked to innovation in downstream electronic information products. As technology advances, 5g, mobile Internet, and artificial intelligence, the demand for various types of electronics downstream will increase significantly, further expanding the pcb line, with a global pcb output of over $50 billion.
3.1.2 The pcb industry moved to mainland China, with a ratio of more than 50% of the pcb industry moving to mainland China. Following the collapse of the IT bubble in 2000, the pcb industry started moving to mainland China.
The global production of the pcb industry in 2018 was $57,246 million, with the mainland China region producing $32.6 billion, or 56.9 per cent. This shift continues with the active expansion of Chinese pcb enterprises.
3.2. Sensitivity dry film: The market space is wide and the company has achieved “0-1” breakthroughs. The membrane membrane is a thin film material which is a photo-stabilized transfer of printed circuit boards (pcb) graphics, which was introduced in pcb manufacturing in the 1960s and is now an important raw material for the production of pcb.
The photoresist membrane is a highly molecular compound, usually composed of polyethylene membrane, photoresist membrane and polyfat thin membrane (pet) as the carrier of the sensory layer, which is coated into the membrane with a thickness of 20 μm photoresist membrane, which is the main subject of the photoresist membrane, with the main ingredient being negative light material.
(a) Material, with varying degrees of thickness depending on the use, with tens of μm to 100 μm polyethylene membrane (pe) being the protective layer of the sensory layer, with the main effect of segregating oxygen, stratification and shielding from mechanical injuries, generally at a thickness of around 25 μm;
Sense dehydrated membrane is usually coated with pre-made liquid photorecords on a sophisticated coating machine and under high-cleaning strips on the carrier polyester thin film (pet), drying and cooling, and then overlaying the polyethylene thin film (pe).
(map) , in a curl form, radiated dry membrane manufacturing process 3.2.1, space: radiated dry membrane market space will exceed 10 billion degrees
As the pcb industry moves towards high density, high integration, softness, etc., the application of the dry membrane is also increasing, with a total demand of about 1.26 billion m2 in 2019. The total number of membrane industries is currently not very recent. According to the industry flagship material announcement, 427 million m2 were delivered in 2019.
According to jms, the global usage of the photorestriction membrane reached 815 million square metres in 2010, and the market share is monopolized by businesses in Taiwan, Japan, etc. The main market share of the photoreserm is still concentrated.
In the hands of non-continent enterprises such as Taiwan’s Changing material, Japan’s Japan’s Japan’s Xinxing, and the United States’ Du Bong, Du Bong sells mainly to the North American region, and the sales of the materials, the materials, the Japan’s Xinging, and the Xingzing are essentially global. The share of the whole country’s production of photo-dry film is less than 10%.
With the shift of the pcb industry to China, China’s enterprises have become even more important in the pcb industry, and the need for a national production-senseed dry film to break the long-term void of non-continental enterprises is a matter of self-control.
3.2.3, the company achieved a “0-to-1” breakthrough, the future acceleration of the release of the company's “0-1” breakthrough, and is now in the critical phase of its development.
In the future, the Division is expected to replicate the successful path of the photovoltaic membrane on the membrane, and eventually grow into the membrane tap. The membrane is expected to “recreate” a Forster.
The solution is the key. From the light-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry.
There are more technical similarities with corporate backboard operations. Corporate technological advantages are evident, and platforming advantages are again gained. At the same time, companies are one of the few in the country that have developed and produced chemicals specializing in photoresist and photoresist agents for key raw materials.
Key technologies for production: alkaline soluble resin formulation and production, corrosive formulation, corrosive coating and partitioning, raw materials, smooth access to large customer supply chains such as deep south circuits, congenial electronics, etc., are expected to grow in volume in the future.
The company’s target clients are the large-scale pcb companies in the interior, as well as the company’s capital firms, the project’s activities.
Large clients in the former interior have made better breakthroughs, with relatively closed firms with relatively longer cycles. Some of the clients are already in the product import phase, and new customers will break in the future. Strong expansion of production capacity, investing in 216 million square metres of photorestriction projects.
With only 50 million square meters of symmetrical production and semi-test line properties, it is far from meeting the needs of downstream customers. In 2019, the company issued 1.1 billion pieces of debt, including 216 million m2 of symmetrical membrane projects and a million m2 of symmetrical membrane production.
3.2.4. Corporate product coverage is comprehensive, with continuous high-end breakthroughs and full product coverage. Companies achieve full product coverage of high-resolution, outer and ldi membrane.
Companies focus on the promotion of high-tech ldi dry membranes and continue to increase profitability. ldi refers to direct laser imaging technology, which is much more precise than normal fast-door exposure technology, and does not require Phillin (filtration).
As the integration of electronic components increases, high-precision ldi technology applications are industry trends, and the demand for ldi diaphragms increases with the current ratio of ldi to only 10-20%, which is expected to grow further in the future. The increase in the share of ldi dry membrane sales will further increase corporate profitability.
Business is on track, Māori rates are improving, and stable Māori rates are expected to reach over 25%.
The fccl is the base of fpc (soft circuit boards). fccl (flexiblecopercladlaminete), also known as “soft coatings”), is the processing base plate material of fpc (soft circuit boards).
The firm’s focus is on the development of non-copper fccl, which is mainly coated, with a clear competitive advantage. The non-copper fccl value is higher, and in the manufacture of high-performance fccl, the non-copper fccl is rapidly replacing the traditional fccl.
The company is one of the few companies in the market that uses the fabric process to produce fccl, and has a strong competitive advantage.4 Research and development capabilities are excellent, leading to a long-term move towards a platform for new materials, 4.1, the founder's technical background, and has always focused on the materials industry.
Founder and chairman of the company, Lin Jianhua, who graduated from the Zhejiang Institute of Engineering (now Zhejiang University of Industry) in 1978 in the second class of higher examinations in mechanization. He worked at the Zhejiang Ping An Fertilizer Plant from 1982 to 1994 and served as a technician, technical chief and deputy director of the plant.
Lin Jianhua started a business in 1994 and developed and produced thermomelted retinal membrane, successfully replacing it with a 70-80% market share. Foster was created in 2003. Forest was built because of the small space in the thermal membrane market and the intense competition.
China opted for a high-potential photovoltaic film, which was created in 2003 and gradually replaced by national production. In 2008, the film entered the top three of the world, eventually turning into an industry leader with more than 50 per cent of the city. 4.2. Sustained high R & D investment to build a platform for excellence in R & D
Corporate R & D investment is high. Corporations have devoted much attention to R & D, and R & D investment has increased steadily in recent years. In 2019, R & D invested 203 million yuan, a 13% increase in the same year, and R & D invested far more than any other competitor.
308 persons, or 15.8% of the total number of companies, provided the firm with a solid talent base for the company to move to a platform for new materials. The company had an independent research institute to build a platform for excellence in research and development.
The research and development of new materials, applications of new materials, new energy materials, high molecular materials, high-tech materials, biomedical materials, research and development, research and development and technology transfer, and technical advice and technology.
In addition, the Institute is the company’s core scientific research base, equipped with advanced laboratory equipment and testing equipment, and has a warm, wet and clean laboratory. The company owns the Research and Development Centre for New Technologies in Zhejiang Province and the Zhejiang Province Enterprise Technology Centre.
Multiple qualifications, such as the post-doctoral research workstation in Zhejiang province and the photovoltage material engineering centre in Zhejiang province, provide a sound platform and facility base for technological innovation. Core technological systems and processes are fully controlled.
Platformed R & D has a clear advantage, as companies focus on new materials, through the creation of research and development platforms.
The benefits of more systematic planning and management of research and development of new materials, pooling of resources and complementarity of strengths, have resulted in a higher utilization of actual R & D inputs than that of firms with relatively decentralized operations, and have been more pronounced in terms of R & D efficiency and transfer of R & D results.
4.3 The Ministry of Enterprise, which manages the New Materials Platforming Corporation, currently has three main departments, namely, Photovoltaic Materials, Electronic Materials, and Visual Materials.
Photovoltaic Materials Enterprise: in charge of photovoltaic membrane (eva/poe) and photovoltaic backboards; Electronic Materials Industry: in charge of sensibilized dry membrane, sensory cover film and scratchy copper sheeting (fccl); Functional membrane Materials Industry: in charge of aluminium plastics and thermomelted retina.
New Materials Research Institute: responsible for research and development of new products and upgrading of existing ones.
Vultures and backboards, then electronics and other new materials. From the technical system, white eva and poe membranes are based on a technical system of mono-polymer functional membrane preparation, sibranes are based on multi-polymer functional membrane preparation systems, and the main products are more technologically and technologically inherited.
4.4. Upstream breakthroughs to build a base for key raw materials Construction of a base for upstream raw materials in Angye, Zhejiang, one phase of which is about to come into operation. Establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary, Forster (Ange) New Materials Ltd., with an annual production of 20,000 tonnes of alkaline soluble resin, 10,000 tonnes of polyesters, 10,000 tonnes of polyols, 10,000 tonnes of polyesters per year.
2.40.000 tonnes/year photo-sensitive ACCP monomer chemical project. Of this, a phase focused on the construction of 20,000 tonnes of alkaline soluble resins, which are expected to be in production by the end of the second quarter of 2020.
Key upstream raw materials for membranes. The main components of the photoresist are resins, monolithics, photoreactive agents and additives.
Confidentiality. There are only seven companies worldwide that can produce photoresists for pcb: Taiwan Pilgrim Chemical, Taiwan Pilgrim Chemical, Japan Spring Chemical Industries, Japan Xinxing, Japan Yoki converted into Dupont, Korea Kolon (Kolon), Italy, Morton, the top five of which account for 98 per cent.
The establishment of the Angel base fully secures the production of photoresist agents for key raw materials of the radiance membrane, and further enhances the profitability of the corporate radiance membrane. 4.5. New materials continue to be stored towards the starship sea.
The company is developing a sustained stock of new material products, such as aluminium plastic film, organic silicon material, etc., which is now expected to emerge from the aluminium plastic film: the benefit of soft-packed batteries is growing and space is available for the future.
Aluminium downstream includes three main areas: power cells, storage cells, and consumer electron (3c) batteries. According to the Institute of Start Studies (spir), the domestic soft-powered battery load was 7.6 gwh in 2018, an increase of 64.2%. Aluminium plastics are required if calculated using 1.5 million m2 of aluminium plastic per gwh soft-pack battery.
By 2020, the domestic demand for aluminium plastics is expected to reach 220 million square metres, and municipal power cell aluminium plastics are a necessary trend. The market for aluminium plastics is now dominated by Japanese companies, such as printing dnp in Greater Japan, Zhao, electricians, etc., with a national rate of less than 10%.
The pressure, and the maturity of the development of the home-grown aluminium plastic membrane, is the inevitable trend in the future for the domestic production of the power cell aluminium plastic membrane. The company’s downstream consumption of the aluminium plastic membrane is dominated by 3c consumption, and is likely to expand to power cells in the future.
5.1. Corporate competitiveness strategies are low-cost and fast-expanding Corporate core advantages are technology and R & D, and competitive strategies are low-cost and fast-expansion, and firms select downstream industries and technology directions, obtain downstream recognition through products and services, and rapidly expand their share.
A flexible corporate mechanism, with strong synergies with downstream clients, efficient supply chain interactions, high value for product, and once the quality of the product is recognized by the user, the city’s share will rise rapidly and eventually become the industry’s leader. The effectiveness of the company’s competitive strategy has been fully validated on the photo-voltaic film, and is moving in the field of the light-dry film.
Low costs are mutually reinforcing. Low costs are conducive to expanding market size, controlling profits at a level of convergence, and thus preventing the expansion of rivals and potential entrants, while the effects of scale-up further reduce costs.
The size of the company is much more than competitive. The company’s share of the market has remained at over 50% for a long time, and in 2019 it was the second and second largest in the industry, respectively.
Three 4.5, 5.5 times. Photovoltaic eva resins are the smaller petrochemical products, with larger differences in the prices of purchases at different scales. Large sizes give companies a greater advantage in the purchase of raw materials, and the cost of purchasing materials is typically more than 5 per cent lower than that of competitors, and more than that of smaller firms.
Raw materials account for 90 per cent of the cost of photovoltaic film production, and lower costs of raw materials procurement contribute to low costs (2) Low capacity utilization leads to a fixed cost amortization
Effectively amortized for all types of fixed costs. Figure 45: Corporate capacity utilization remains largely above 100 per cent (3) at lower single consumption levels.
Company technology is higher, so single consumption can be better controlled in the production process. For example, customers require 400 g/m2 for the film, the company can control 405 g/m2, while the counterparty usually weighs more than 410 g/m2, and the company alone consumes more than 1.2% less than the competitor.
(4) The equipment itself entails lower depreciation costs The company has insisted on autonomous research and development of equipment and technology since its inception.
There is a greater advantage in the cost of equipment. (5) Brands and product advantages lead to higher average sales prices The company owns a certain brand premium, but the premium is not significant due to the company's policy of controlling the Maori rate.
The company’s short-term growth is still due to the spread of photo-film and an increase in the Maori rate. The market pattern for photo-film is stable, the company is expanding its capacity significantly, and the market share is expected to remain at 50% in the future.
The company’s advantage in new products such as whiteeva and poe is clear, and future sales will continue to lead to medium-term growth in public companies from the use of electronic materials such as luminum membranes and an increase in the Maori rate.
The company has achieved a breakthrough of “0-1,” and it is likely that the future will continue to replicate the success of the photo-film collar, with the potential to become a leader in the industry. The company’s long-term space is to grow into a platform for new material companies, which have the potential to remain invisible as a segmented area.
A champion's ability. 5.3, management skills, steady progress.
Based on the advantages of research and development and products, the downstream industry is constantly expanding, from thermomelted retina to the photovoltaic membrane, to the photoreser membrane, always focusing on its own strengths and focusing on the development of new materials.
Since the company was listed in 2014, shareholders have been paid a bonus plan that distributes not less than 10 per cent of the profits available for distribution each year.
The share of dividends is not less than 20 per cent. 6.1. Corporate roe levels are rising.
With the increase in profitability associated with the optimisation of photovoltaic film products and the growth in the release of photo-dry film, it is expected that the company’s future net operations will continue to be optimized, with a marked increase in asset turnover. The company’s overall asset turnover has been increasing in recent years, from 0.56 in the beginning of the market in 2014 to 0.86 in 2019.
The company’s low leverage drags it down and continues to finance expansion faster in the future. The company’s interests have improved in recent years, the company’s profitability has been relatively low over time, and the company’s profitability has been better.
The significant cost advantage is that companies have taken the initiative to adjust prices to maintain the Māori rate at around 20%, and are relatively good at management in the industry, with lower cost rates over time. Companies’ cost rates have remained at roughly 6.5-7% in recent years, and are relatively good in the industry.
The company has been active in financing expansion in recent years, and the asset-liability ratio has increased, but is still at a low level. 2019 Good liabilities have also created very low financial costs for the company. Financial costs in 2018 were negative, 2019.
The company maintains a limited market share strategy and gives the client a certain period of time to manage the risks.
The current account period is three months, with pay-as-you-go or bank-receipt bills, and the collection rate for corporate sales (cash/business income from sales of goods, provision of services) was 0.78 in 2019, which has declined slightly in recent years, but remains at a high level in the industry.
Owing to the size of the company, which allows for the upward transfer of some of the pressure on receivables, the firm ' s sales collection ratio has followed the same trend as the purchase-off ratio in recent years. The company ' s pay-as-you-go ratio was 0.81 in 2019.
The company’s policy is more rigorous. The most recent policy is to change the rate of 50% of withdrawals outside the credit period to 20% in one month and 50% in more than one month.
With global photovoltaics growing and companies expanding faster than their peers, city occupancy rates will also increase slightly.asp and Māori rates will also rise as a result of rising sales in whiteeva, Poe, and between 2020 and 2022, R$ 7.83, R$ 8.17, R$ 8.32/m2, respectively.
Corporate products continue to be recognized by clients and the ratio of ldi dynasty and high-end products increases, and it is expected that we will explore corporate valuations using a pe valuation method that compares the company's own history with industry with comparable companies in two dimensions.
8.1.1, factors such as an increase in the historical comparison with the company itself and an increase in the Māori rate are key to an increase in the valuation level of the company, which we believe is more excellent than its current base of 14-15 years, with continued high demand for photo-voltaic film,
The company’s growth rate, the increase in product structure, the “0-1” breakthrough, the future growth of the luminous membrane, and the clarity of the company’s long-term platform development path. We have selected five enterprises in photovoltaics, four in pcb, compared to an average in 2020.
An 18-fold pe, and an average of 33-fold pe in 2020 in the pcb sector. A combination of valuation premiums from corporate cross-industry development advantages and future increases, we think, can give us a combination of industry trends and competition based on historical and comparable company pe values.
(a) The advantages of the Bureau, the improvement in the valuation of the electronics industry, and the comparative differences in companies, taking into account the future of the company with a platform, accelerated production of photo-voltaic membrane and an increase in the share of high-moric products;
(3) The potential to grow into a platform for new material companies has been demonstrated, and we have raised the investment rating of companies to “strongly recommended.” 8.4, stock price catalysts.
Photovoltaic demand is higher than expected, photovoltaic membrane prices are higher, companies are entering into bulk supply contracts with large users of photorestriction membranes.