Qin Railways (601006.sh) reported three quarters of 2025: q3 + 3.87% of the Qin line traffic, with higher costs resulting in profits and pressure.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the Qin Railway (601006) achieved operating income of 5705.8 billion yuan, i.e. +33.4 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of 25 q3 + 3.87 per cent, resulting in higher costs resulting in a pressure on Maori.
On the one hand, in the first three quarters, the company ' s core asset, the Grand Qin Line, accumulated 286 million tons of cargo, or -0.20 per cent, of which q3 completed 97.14 million tons, or + 3.87 per cent, and in the second half of the year, the company, based on long-term development strategy considerations, increased non-coal cargo transport, adding to the company ' s new logistics support.
Services (door-to-door, door-to-door) are still in the concessionary phase, with a combination resulting in a substantial increase in costs, q3 operating costs of $17,331 million, compared with +12.82 per cent, influenced by higher costs, q3 being achieved in a cash way to distribute dividends per year, with the share of cash being equal to the total net profit returned to the mother in the year.
55 per cent of the total, with medium-term profit distribution when available; semi-annual earnings forecast and investment rating for 2025: core assets of the Western Coal East, operating sound cash prices
The company’s sound operating capacity and significant dividends are being reported, maintaining a “growth” rating. Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations lead to less than expected demand for coal; and major railway dry coal transport.
\triangleright Road traffic increased by less than expected; the cash score was less than expected.
Grand traffic areas such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., served as external assessor in several provinces.
This year, I joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc., and in the courier, logistics, road, etc. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.