Wang Wiescheon's orders will continue to benefit from the research and development landscape of the pharmaceutical industry.
The order is abundant and will continue to benefit from the pharmaceutical industry ' s research and development landscape as China ' s pharmaceutical research and development agenda unfolds, with a 20.7 per cent complex increase in inputs in the clinical phase of Chinese pharmaceutical research and development from 2016 to 2020 (see figure 1).
The company has now cooperated with over 1,200 clinical trials in China, has an extensive network of test agencies and professional cro teams, and has a strong capacity for patient recruitment and clinical project management.
We believe that a return to firm orders is clear and more abundant and will guarantee the growth of the company’s subsequent performance, that the compound rate of growth will still reach 15%, that the company’s leading advantage will be added, and that the company will continue to benefit from the medical research and development landscape.
Product mix Deepening global layout, strategic transformation of internationalization: companies have set up a global layout strategy early on and now have acquired such companies as Fonda, Korea dreamcis, Japan ps, etc.
This has been done through better service delivery systems in Korea, Japan, South-East Asia, Australia and India, through the establishment of research teams in North America and Europe and the growing share of public institutional investors in circulationa
As of 2021h1, more than $800 million (over 15%) of the Department’s new orders for multi-regional clinical trials are in place, and 140 projects (30%) are currently being carried out overseas, 29 of which are multi-regional clinical trials.
As the number of overseas projects increases, the company’s overseas workforce has grown from 772 to 854 at the end of last year, and the management team of the overseas clinical pilot project has expanded from 31 to 43. We see a strategic shift in corporate internationalization that will benefit from a wave of domestic innovation.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.