I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm sorry, maintain, stroongbackbackrowthdrivenbyysoliddemand targetprice
(previoustp rmb 193.04) 121yearsbeat.tigermedreported1h21revenue/attributablenetprofit
790% of total-yearestimaté.atriblerecurringnetprofitgrew
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
Jillewu, cfa gainsin1h21, totaling 64% ofitstotalnetprofit. despitenegativeimpactfrom rmbappreciation, tigermed'soverseasrecuestilregisterredarmarkable
55% yoygrovethin1h21, negotiating 54% of the company's stotalrevenue.
Newbookingsreachedrm5,074.8mn, representinga150.8% yoygroveth. Suchastroggrowthwasdriveby1 increasingr & dspondinginnovation tablesandmedicaldevices, 2)recoveryofr & dactivitiesfromorthe
Jonathanzhao vacinesandherapis.revenuefromclinialtralsoltions(cts) read 1,034mnin1h21, up45%oy, whilethegrovethwasprimarilydrivenby
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
389 projectsofend-2020, indicating sustainable incomegrovethfortigermed.inaddition, revenuegeneratedfromclinical-relatedlaboratory services(crls) increased 38.0% yoytormb 1,022.8mn, mainlythanksto
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
rim 800mnewmrctbookings with bidddingsubaccessfollraterachingover source: bloomberg 30%. tigermedgrets nümberoversees-basemplacefeyroom772by
End-2020 to 854bymid-2021, with strongpresencesacrossthesia-pacific region, northamerica, europe, latenamericaandafrica. maintainbuy.wevisedupourfy21e/22e/23attributablenetprofit
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, asan officeofofthehongkonglistedcompaniescoverinstedinthisreport; and (4) hasavinyfinancialinterestsinthehongkonglistscompanies coveredinthisreport. & bisoritsaffiliate(s) haveveinvestingbankingshipshipshipoftheissuescoveredinthisreportinpredation12months.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvesmentadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformance, dactuatedventsmayifferrealfrommet wichiscontainedin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof and bisor itssaffiliate(s)tohomitististbated.thisreportisnototandsoouldnotbestruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanycycurityoronyinterestin securitiesorientententientintoanytransaction.neith and bisnoranyofitsaffilletates, shareholders, agents, consults, directors
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
rulesintendtedtoensuretheanalysisnotaffective 15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotfurnishedtoanyotherpersons.eachmajustitutionalinvestors
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandandagreesthatshathaltshaltshattyorprovidethisiporttoantherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishing tofectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation provividedthisitreportdosoldsolythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcientsofthisdouridinsingporeinsingaporeins.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.