Food and beverages of the present world (603369) The product structure continues to be upgraded and there is ample room for long-term growth.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated revenues of $3.85 billion in the first half of the year, i.e. +32.2 per cent in the same year, 53 million yuan in the net return to the mother, +20.5 per cent in the same year, and revenue and profits as a whole are in line with market expectations.
In the first half of the year, the income of the taa+ group was 2.53 billion yuan, compared to 49.7 per cent, an increase of 7.5 percentage points. In the second half of the year, the income was 3.55 billion yuan, compared to 31.3 per cent in the first half of the year.
57.7 per cent, 49.9 per cent, 37.1 per cent; income of 280 million yuan in the first half of the year in the off-provincial market, compared to +42.1 per cent in the first half of the year, was well expanded.
The Bureau’s sample market has worked well, and a new breakthrough is expected in the future. The Māori rate has steadily increased, and cash flows have improved. Benefiting from the optimized system of the ta+ spread, Māori rates in the first half of the year, promotion of inputs and marketing activities, management costs have fallen by 0.3 percentage points, and net interest rates have fallen in the first half of the year.
Between 0.3 percentage points and 34.6 per cent, the profitability is still strong. In addition, cash inflows from operating activities in the first half of the year were 40.70 billion yuan, compared with 73.8 per cent in the previous year, 730 million yuan was received in advance at the end of the second quarter, compared with 84.1 per cent in the second half, and the second half of the v was well received.
The new consumption scenes, such as end-of-life meetings, v9 experientials, focused on building the v-series price system, channel system and consumer development system, v3 and v9, all of which are growing at a rapid pace, with strong momentum and sustained high growth.
The marketing meeting was well-publicized, the current price system for new products was smooth, and the pipeline was well under way.3 The market was well under way in the provinces, the company introduced an out-of-town marketing programme to refine a variety of marketing models, and the quality of the market's operations had steadily improved.4, the company's repayments from the previous year, and the speed of marketing had improved since Jiangsu.
The situation is effectively controlled, with limited impact on consumption during the Mid-Autumn and the national holiday seasons, and the current v and k series are growing at a high rate, and are expected to successfully meet the annual growth targets. 26 times, 20 times, and 16 times, respectively.
With a solid push, the purpose of the equity incentive was more positive, with the company being valued 32 times the year 2021, corresponding to the target, one of the soles of the sofa, and strong in the present world, in the town of Gou, the town of Jiang Su-bhai, formerly the Gang Su Gou wine factory, the Gou wine as the old So-su wine.
The year saw the creation of a brand of “the world of the world” and the creation of a brand of “the nation” in 2004, focusing on statehood as a medium-to-high-end brand. The company, led by an excellent management, was able to grasp the trends in the industry, creating a two-way marketing system driven by the “the world of the world” through the creation of a “the world of the world” brand.
Three prominent brands of white wine, “Nation”, “Fortune of the World” and “Grows of the High.” Figure 1: Corporate development history Equity structure: company-held shareholders in Constellation Group Limited, with 44.7 per cent shareholding, actual control is artificial.
In 2005, the company was converted from full State-owned ownership to State-owned holdings, management participation, and several executives held a larger share of the public sector; moreover, middle-level managers and other employees were able to achieve an indirect shareholding and adequate equity incentives through the Xiaoyu World and the Quijin Trade Departments. In April 2020, the company issued a draft equity incentive scheme to provide incentives to the public.
As in the case of the granting of 12.5 million stock options, targeting mainly company executives, core technicians and management cadres, the internal motivation is further stimulated by the binding of management, core cadres and shareholders ' interests through equity incentives.
Main business structure: The three major brand layers of the company are clearly located and effectively achieve full price band coverage. Its Chinese background is more than 100 yuan in high-end prices: the current series is dominated by medium-price near 100 yuan: the high ditch series is dominated by consumption by the regular population on less than 50 yuan per day. In the first half of 2021, the ratio was 66%, 26%, and 8% respectively.
In the subregion, 93 per cent of the provincial revenues were recorded in the first half of the year, with the Nanjing and Huai An regions as traditional and powerful markets, accounting for 28 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively, with the more dynamic and rapidly growing markets in Huanan, Sunan and Su-China, with a marked increase in the share; active company deployment of the out-of-country markets, continued optimization of out-of-town marketing strategies and marketing tactics; successful model market construction; and sustained high growth in out-of-country.
With the rise in the income level of the population, the main price of white wine consumption in Jiangsu Province has risen to over $300, and the process of upgrading consumption has led the country. The company’s sub-highest and above-priced products have been placed ahead of the country, and the provincial channels have achieved income of $3.85 billion in six months, or +32.2 per cent, and the mother’s net profit of $1.33 billion, or +30.9 per cent, of income and profit.
The Māori rate has steadily increased and the cost rate has declined. The Māori rate of companies has fallen from 70 per cent of the cost of sales in 2015 to 3.5 percentage points of the same rate of management costs; it has been combined with the increase in Māori rates and the decline in cost rates.
In the first half of the year, benefits were derived from a ta+ fast-disbursing, with a 1.1 percentage point to 70.6 per cent increase in the Māori rate, a 0.9 increase in the overall cost rate, a squeezed growth in 2 industries, an optimised regional wine product structure, a squeezed growth in 2.1 industries and an accelerated increase in concentration.
During the year, revenues and profits were maintained at a high rate above double digits, and the growth of the industry was driven by the rise in the income of the population and by the rise of public consumption, owing to the “restriction of consumption by the three publics” and “restrictive growth” in 2013-2015: from the profit side, benefits from the upgrading of product structures and direct increases in the price of wine by the name, profits are increasing at a significantly faster rate than the increase in revenue and profitability is continuing.
The year 2002-2012 was a golden decade in the white industry, with rapid growth in industry regulations; after three years of deep adjustment in the white industry, residential brands and health awareness rose rapidly, and “less alcohol, better alcohol,” became a social consensus. With restrictions on the consumption of the three publics and “hard driving” and so forth, the consumption of white wine became more rational and larger.
The sales of the above-mentioned white wine businesses have fallen: 7.41 million tons of white wine production (comparable caliber) by 2020, compared to -2.5 per cent; the number of white wine businesses by size has decreased from 1563 in 2015 to 1,040 in 2020, the industry has been transformed into a stock market, intra-industry competition has dominated and competition has intensified.
In this context, the dominance of brands and channels has become more apparent, with markets rising from 20% to 62% in the year to 44% and 81% in 2020. Especially since 2017, consumption has increased.
The share of wine sales is still low, and there is much room for improvement in the future. In 2020, the share of marketed liquor sales (excluding shunts) was only 12.7%.
After that, the sales of wine will continue to be low and there will be plenty of room for further improvement. Marketed liquor sales increased from 951 million tons in 2015 to 201.95 million tons, with an average annual compound increase of 3.4%; marketed liquor sales in 2020, due to the impact of the epidemic, amounted to only 594.8 and benefited directly at the same time.
Price increases and product structure upgrades, with average tonnage rising steadily from 108,000 yuan/tons in 2015 to 258,000 yuan/2.2 yuan/tons in 2020, and consumption escalation as a result of rapid economic growth in China, which has led to a steady increase in disposable income for urban residents and per capita spending on food, tobacco and alcohol.
At the same time, spending per capita on food, tobacco, and alcohol rose steadily from 4494 yuan in 2014 to 6397 yuan in 2020. During the last decade, China’s economy grew rapidly, leading to rapid growth of the high net and middle class.
With 10 million yuan as a high net population criterion, the number of people with high net value rose from 730,000 in 2010 and, as the economy moved towards high-quality development, the tertiary sector steadily increased, more high-income jobs emerged, driving middle- and wealth-rich groups to grow, with a larger share expected in 2022 than in 2012
2.3 high-end rapid build-up, undefined sub-high-end eruptions, and rapid expansion of industry. The “restriction of consumption by the three publics” and “corruption” policies that began in late 2012 led to deep adjustment periods in the white wine industry, which together squeezed down prices of high-end white wine and reduced demand for government consumption.
After three years of deep adjustment, the white wine industry began to rebound in 2015. With the upgrading of consumption by residents and the refilling of stocks, the second high-end powerful eruption began in 2016, with the 2015-2020 sub-high-end plate growing at a significantly higher rate than the entire white wine industry, displaying great elasticity.
Since then, high-end liquor prices have been rising on the next road, with the low-end prices now standing at $2,900, the five grain fluids and the national cellar terminal retail prices also reaching a thousand yuan mark: the 500-800 price belt development space has been opened, with high rates of growth in the past two years, such as 30 flowers, 20 antiques, and 60 specials. Three dimensions view the power of the 500-800 price belt at the sub-high.
At the end of the spectrum: the current sub-high-end, excellent liquor companies have been developing 500-800-dollar price belts in focused resources, taking advantage of future price escalation belts: Channels: due to the gradual transparency of profits from 300-500-bit product channels, there has been a marked reduction in channel thrust of 5,500-8,500-8500-bit product channels, with significant higher profits from distributors such as Xianhua 30, Ocean River M6+ and so on at around $100, distributors and finalists.
More aggressive: At the end of consumption: as incomes rise and mainstream prices shift, more consumers choose to go up 2) the consumption base is solid: the mainstream price line is steady up, the big liquor companies are upscaled. As income rises, the white liquor consumption line follows, and we take the mainstream consumption scenes of weddings, birthdays, etc., the eastern economies of Shanghai, Jiangsu, etc.
The main price in the Da region has already exceeded $300, while the main price in the Central Province of White and Western Provinces of Henan and Sichuan has risen to between $150 and $200. Jiangsu has been ahead of the country, and it is expected that more provinces will replicate the upgrading path in Jiangsu during the next five years.
Sales rates are high, and patterns are unclear. Based on a year-on-year expansion of the 2015-2020 base, the cost of selling high-end liquor remains high, and industry competition remains strong.
There's much room for raising the city's share of high-end cr3 over 95%. In terms of consumption properties, sub-high-end white wine needs to meet the same demand for face consumption, and having the old-name wine gene is a necessary entry threshold, but consumer loyalty to sub-high-end brands is weaker than high-end alcohol, so that good channel marketing is indispensable. In a context of increasing competition, sub-high-end marketing is also essential.
In the future, alcohol companies with strong branding and excellent channel power are expected to take off from the 3-product matrix, with full consumption uplifting dividends, complete product uplifting dividends. Companies have a series of national, present-day, high-dwelling, and so on, with prices above them.
Annual contribution revenue is over 70 per cent, and the national fork series can be broken down into the “v series, k series, yam series”, where v series locate high-end and ultra-high-end markets above $700, mainly to upgrade brand image and achieve rapid growth at the present time; k series core product layouts 300-600 sub-high-end prices, reaping the high consumption escalation dividend with the main price of su wine; yarns
The main layout is a 100-300-dollar mid-seat party, a consummation of consumption. The present-day and high-trenched series has seen an outbreak of higher prices of less than $100, and the company v and k series, with their strong edge, will fully benefit from the consumption uplifting dividend. 3) With the demand shifting from consumption up to consumption, the growth of a bottle of wine up to $100 is evident, and future sales or continuation will be significant.
The company has a full product matrix that allows it to enjoy the boostable dividends from the consumption of suquoises, where it selects the co-producers of the industry, the co-owners of Guai Goon, the Ocean River shares, the glorified wine, the gold insignia as a comparable valuation, which averaged 36 times, 30 times, 25 times in 2021-2023.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.