The company achieved operating income of $26,671.77 million in the first half of 2018, an increase over the same period in the previous year.
In the first half of the year, the company's performance was stable. The power cell business generated $2.205 billion, an increase of 892 mwh per year, an increase of 72 per cent in the same year, and the overall output is expected to increase considerably over the same period last year, with lower market battery prices and a decline in Māori.
There was a significant decline in corporate receivables and stock turnover, with receivables mainly affected by the adjustment of the policy subsidy for new energy vehicles, resulting in delays in payments from the entire manufacturer.
This year, the company consolidated its partnership with Jianghua and the new energy sources of the North, and has been working in the fields of phosphate-based lithium batteries for the entire population of Tai and Chiray and Qingjia. There are already 2gwh in the area of fertilizer and Qingjia, with a total of 622 triple-dollar production lines, while Tai, Chiray supply, Jiang Xiao and North are still dominated by lithium phosphate batteries.
In the second half of the year, the supply of special vehicles began to release, and some of them were also expected to increase as a result of the company’s upgrading model. The company’s primary phosphate-based lithium cell has developed a single-body core with a energy density of more than 180wh/kg.
The company expects to deliver 5-6gwh this year, and its goal will depend in part on the release of triple capacity.
Xu Chengqing is defined as follows: No rating, because it is not possible to obtain the necessary information, or because the company faces a significant uncertainty event that could not predict the outcome, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.