With the high and sustained performance of the drug industry, the global landscape deserves to be looked forward to by the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2022, and in the first half of 2022 it achieved revenue of $3.59 billion, an increase of 74.8 per cent in the same year; achieved a net return of $1.19 billion, a decrease of 5 per cent in the same year; achieved a steady increase in performance and a slight external impact on profitability under the masculinity epidemic.
2) Some large clinical projects have a relatively high amount of excess fees; 3) currency exchange rate appreciation affects the Mäori rate of data management and statistical analysis operations. If the renminbi exchange rate stabilizes in the future and the cost of larger clinical operations is larger, it is mainly due to a larger decline in fair value change gains and losses on a non-recurring basis, and the deduction is made.
The growth was mainly due to higher interest costs and lower interest income on the h-equity fund raised as a result of short-term borrowings. (-15.7 per cent) The non-net profit of $390 million (+25.2 per cent) was lost, mainly due to some clinical trials due to the impact of the epidemic. The coverage of clinical trial technical services was extensive and the number of project pipelines increased rapidly.
Technical service operations achieved income of $1.97 billion (+110.2 per cent), mainly as a result of the increase in multi-regional clinical trials, clinical trial operations and other service income associated with the new crown. 1) Clinical trials of drugs: ongoing drugs in the remaining countries, covering treatment areas such as oncology, central nervous system, rare diseases and vaccines; 2) medical care
1. Teg medicine (300347): order-load-driven performance Devices: 403 medical equipment projects under way, including operation of medical devices and ivd clinical trials, medical surges and continued deepening of the international layout (2022-03-31)
Monitoring, programme design, medical writing, etc., in addition to leading two medical equipment quality system groups in the first half of the year, Tiger Medicine (300347): performance growth is higher than expected and internationalization is desirable (2021-10-24)
In the first half of the year, a 67% increase in the number of new registration projects related to fda has been achieved, and more than 20 countries have assisted in completing multiple mrc regulatory declarations, and successful clients have obtained multiple ind approvals.
Clinical trial-related services and laboratory services have been steadily developed. 2022h1 company clinical trial-related services and actual laboratory service operations earned $1.38 billion (+35.9%), mainly due to increased income from services such as laboratory services, data management and statistical analysis. 1) Laboratory services: 2,664 projects (+102%) are currently under implementation.
In addition, the subsidiary Fonda Holdings has continued to expand the platform for the development of integrated drug discovery and development services used by Wuhan to provide one-stop research and development services for small molecular innovation, from target to pre-clinical pharmacology research. The research facility is expected to be operational in part of 2023q1, with a laboratory of about 7,000 square feet of gmp kg in Shanghai.
And 17,000 square feet of new pharmaceutical chemistry laboratories completed construction and became operational at 2022h1: 2) site management: 1469 projects (+10.5%) are currently under way, with a team size of 2503, with 2108 full-time crcs, contributing to the avoidance of more than 700 missed visits during epidemic containment; 3) data management
R & S services: Market share is among the highest in the domestic industry, with 208 clients currently serving a total of 786 ongoing projects (+15.4 per cent), in addition to the launch of data management and digitization of statistical analysis solutions in February, comprising four data management modules and five statistical analysis modules.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.