In mid-2022, Kang Long reported 41.06 per cent growth in Wei Hongmei; 585 million won net return profit, 3.65 per cent increase in comparison with the previous year; and net profit deductions.
In the first half of the year, the company's laboratory services, cmc (small molecule cdmo) services, clinical research services, mass molecules and cell and gene therapy services increased the construction of laboratories.
The second part of the project, part 42,000 square metres, is already in use. The full completion of the second phase will increase the number of laboratory service scientists by nearly 2,000.
The company continues to promote the construction of more than 140,000 square metres of laboratories for phase 3 of the Ningbo Park, which is expected to become operational in the first half of 2024 and will increase the company ' s service capacity in animal experiments such as drug safety evaluation, drug metabolism and pharmacology and pharmacology.
At the same time, the company continued to scale up its laboratories in Beijing and proceeded with the deployment of cities such as Qingdao and Chongqing at points to 35.01 per cent, with the Māori rate for laboratory services rising by 1.71 percentage points from the same time, cmc (small molecule cdmo) services, clinical research services, big molecules and cell and gene therapy services.
The Māori rate fell by 3.49 percentage points, 8.99 percentage points and 22.84 percentage points, respectively;
Investment proposals: companies provide integrated services for drug research, development and production, and for clinically-wide processes. Short-term cost-delayed net profit increases have declined, but companies continue to improve service capacity, oneness, large fluctuations in exchange rates, understaffing, risk of failure in drug research and development, large
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in portfolio investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.