The net profit of the shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses is 77,137.56 million dollars, a year-on-year increase.
During the reporting period, company clinical trial technical services achieved operating income of $217,2145.9 million, an increase of 110.16 per cent, mainly from multi-regional clinical trials related to new crown pneumonia.
Increases; revenues from clinical trial-related services and laboratory services were $138,06942,000, an increase of 35.88 per cent over the same period. In terms of the company ' s global revenue structure, the total share of major business in the company during the reporting period was 56.19 per cent. Overall, in the first half of 2022, the new crown pneumonia was still present globally.
With a number of proliferation dynamics, the uncertainty that continues to be created by the overseas epidemic, which provides a greater market demand for multi-regional clinical trials related to the company ' s new crown pneumonia, the company ' s clinical laboratory technical service business has seen a significant increase in revenues, while driving the company ' s high-speed overseas operations, adding up to the company ' s clinical trials.
The rapid growth of related services and laboratory services, driven by the company's first half-year withholding of net back payments, the impact of the epidemic on profitability, and the long-term viability of the company's clinical laboratory services, increased by $80,62.27 million over the reporting period.
Overall, during the reporting period, growth in corporate clinical trial revenues led to an increase in Māori on a year-on-year basis, but in the same period, higher costs for third-party suppliers and the negative impact of the epidemic reduced Māori rates.
During the period, the ratio of excess fees is expected to decline, adding to the country’s controllable trends, the negative impact of the epidemic on company performance is expected to fade, and the company’s profitability is expected to increase further. As the number of hand-held projects is growing significantly, high-clients are becoming more sticky in the long term.
With regard to clinical trials, by the end of the reporting period, the number of drug clinical research projects being carried out by the company had increased from 567 projects at the end of the year to 607 projects, including phase I/ii/iii/iv projects, 252, 117, and Xiaoqing Air Securities Limited, respectively.
The number of clinical pilot projects increased from 132 at the end of the year to 149, an increase of 12.88 per cent over the previous year; the number of multi-centre bedline pilot projects increased from 50 at the end of the year to 58, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period. Companies are actively improving the global layout, expanding their mrct service capacity, and significantly accelerating the process of placing medicines on the market.
The number of clients increased to 582 during the reporting period, company helpers received multiple ind approvals, and fda was new.
Better customer sticky, higher customer sticky, provides better stability and certainty in the future earnings of the company. As the performance of the project in hand and working with the client deepens, the company has developed over the long term, leading the cro enterprise, and the clinical coo industry in the country is now in a period of rapid development, and the company is doing it.
In addition, the company has a wide array of bed-testing areas, with higher customer stickyness providing better orders and performance growth The Chinese securities medicine team, which covers the entire medical plate, has developed, after years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated research and analysis system with a wide range of coverage, unique insights, and many families.
This report is not intended for citizens or residents of any area, country, or other jurisdiction in which China Securities Company Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations or could subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, acquiring or using this report. The copyrights of the material in this report are Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report shall not be made available to any other person by any means, or by means of a copy of the material, contents or copies thereof; they shall not be made available to you for reference purposes other than as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or an invitation to another person.