The 2022 mid-year review of the Tiger Medicine (300347) reported a fall in the speed circle, mainly affected by the epidemic. Since March 2022, new coronary pneumonia outbreaks have affected company operations, particularly from March to March 2022.
During the month of June, some of the clinical pilot projects were affected by delays in progress, most of them in less than two months, and the projects focused mainly on the start-up and grouping phases. Core business income continued to increase rapidly.
Clinical research-related advisory services generated 2,172 million yuan and 1,381 million yuan, respectively, an increase of 49.3 per cent and 101.63 per cent, respectively, respectively, and continued global expansion. As of the end of the first half of the year, companies were offshore (mainly in Korea and Australia).
One: The number of ongoing international multi-centre clinical trials (mrct) in Asia and the Pacific, Europe, North America and Latin America increased from 50 at the end of the previous year to 58, covering treatment areas such as swelling, central nervous system, cardiovascular disease, rare diseases and vaccines.
More than 50 new orders for overseas clinical trials and registration projects were obtained, while customized project management training was organized and completed for 152 global project managers from 19 countries. Investment advice: the company is the lead in the country’s clinical coro, and will continue to consolidate its leadership position and grow in the future.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.