One brings a pcb increment, and the powerful alpha takes the lead.
The world’s mainstream pcb suppliers, the majority of which are the main decision-making areas. Companies are global pcb producers, ranked 17 globally in 2021. In terms of product structure, the public sector’s corporate communications market board accounts for 66% of the company’s revenues, so the company’s growth logic is largely the same.
The pcb sector, despite its short-term pressure, will generate a new push for pcb. Because of the macro market price: $23.36 to watch the low economic climate, pcb will be pressured as a basic electronic product from a share.
The pcb sector demand burden is mainly due to the fact that after the industry has entered an innovation vacuum, the area of disaggregation in which the pcb sector has been significantly innovation-driven has been largely derived from the vast majority of industries.
Long, we estimate that the market for the ai server pcb in 2023-2025 will reach $6 billion, $7 billion and $7.9 billion; 2) the general server will be upgraded to pcie 5.0 and pcb will be upgraded to a single pcb of $2777 per pcie 5.0.
The pcie 5.0 server has a single pcb value of $2425, which we estimate is billions; 3) the switch will be upgraded to 800g to substantially use ccl above the superultralowlos level and the pcb material layer will be above 32, we expect.
The company is one of the most sophisticated manufacturers of a stock-sharing pcb with a large number of fields, and on the one hand, the client has tied up a global array of related poles, and the client structure is better than that of the competitor, and on the other hand, the firm has grown up for many years.
General products, where technology R & D is a higher moat, and where the quality of profits and management of firms is significantly higher in financial data than comparable firms, are seen as competitive and promising firms to take the lead in industrial development.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating $2.4 billion, taking into account the fact that companies are better organized in a larger array of areas than comparable companies and are exposed to competitive market risks; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; demand less than expected; and the risk of Chinese-American competition.
Trade conflict risk: exchange rate fluctuations risk. i. pcb, a global mainstream supplier with high-speed communications supporting growth.
Equipment, data centre infrastructure, automobile electronics are core applications. 1.1. Global mainstream pcb supplier status established, 23q1 short-term pressure.
The company ranked 17 in 2021 as the world’s leading supplier. With current macroeconomic pressures, public 1.2, high-speed communications plus automobiles supporting high-end products, the production profile is clear, and the company’s products are mainly corporate communications market boards and automobile boards. In 2022, the company’s corporate communications market boards and automobile boards were created.
The business supports approximately 89% of the company’s operating income, accounting for 66% and 23% respectively. Of this, the corporate communications market package includes pcb boards such as switches, routers, servers and base stations, while the automobile board product covers pcb boards such as adas, smart cabins, electronic control components, etc., to meet the growing demand for high-end pcb boards in the electronic field of automobiles.
Corporate communications market boards support high-end product development and lead to growth in performance. Data centre infrastructure market demand is growing robustly, emerging market areas such as high-speed network equipment, data storage, high-performance computers, high-speed computing servers and artificial intelligence (ai) have brought about high-end pcb structural demand and higher-end sales of high-end products at high-level pcb.
To some extent, the negative impact of falling demand for pcb products at the 5g base station and price competition in the industry was compensated. Data show that the company ' s Māori ratio rose from 18 per cent to 34 per cent in 2017-2022, with steady growth of orders and improved profitability supporting corporate gains.
Figure 8: Changes in Māori rates in corporate communications market boards Robust growth in motor board operations, laying the foundation for a solid performance base. In motor panel operations, the company collected 11% of cagr in 2017-2022, with Māori rates remaining above 24%, achieving steady growth in revenue and profits and providing firm performance for the company
In the second half of 2022, the company fully released the Yellowstone II car plate capacity to meet the rapidly growing market demand for millimetre wave radars, Hdi autopilot aids, and smart space controllers. In the first half of the year, the carboard industry, which grew by about 13% compared to the previous year, is expected to generate a higher battalion driven by medium- and high-end vehicle pcb demand.
The company’s domestic plant area, which consists mainly of the Quanshan Qinghai factory, the Quan Li Wei Power plant, and the Yellowstone plant, is currently expanding its overseas production base, the Quasi Thailand. The primary production of Qui Li is the differentiated competition for high-end automobile boards, such as adas products, and Yellowstone.
In 2023, the company used its own capital to boost the use of its own money to produce $776 million in electric power.
Expanding the high-end high-end car board for high-level hdi production and expanding the high-end pob market for automobiles. Corporate energy content, covering high- and low-level products in automobile boards and corporate communication boards, captures traditional electronic pcb markets and invests in high-end pcb products, achieves multi-grade coverage and widens high-profit, high-speed, high-speed pcb markets.
The company has purchased approximately 201,846.8 square metres of land in the industrial park of the Greater City of Logana, Thailand, for the construction of overseas production bases in Thailand and has accelerated the layout to meet the needs of overseas customers to enhance the risk of dispersion of the geo-supply chain. The company's announcement in the first quarter of 2023 revealed that the company has achieved scale in Thailand.
Production planning advanced from the first half of 2025 to the fourth quarter of 2024. On 14 March 2023, the company disclosed that it had received a certificate of investment preferences issued by the Thai Investment Promotion Commission (boi), that overseas market base construction had accelerated further, that the supply chain of barrier products had been more stable to meet customer needs and that the regional layout of the company ' s productive capacity was more forward-looking.
In summary, the main downstream areas that will support the growth of company performance in the future come from data communications, and we believe that as high-speed communications (ai, etc.) spread, firms are expected to grow fast. Second, the pcb industry, despite its short-term pressure, will generate a new impetus for pcb.
2.1. The current pcb industry is under stress, and attention should be given to the areas of disaggregation where innovation is changing. Due to the low macroeconomic climate and the corresponding pressure on pcb as a basic electronic product, the areas of disaggregation driven by significant innovation from a stockpcb enterprise 2023 pcb are mainly derived from the large number of industries, including i-servers, general
Trends such as server platform upgrades and switch upgrades. Figure 13: a share pcb industrial chain reported the same year in the first quarter of 2023. Figure 14: a share pcb industrial chain reporting year 2023
Figure 15: A share pcb industry chain reported profitability in the first quarter of 2023, 2.2, the i server brought a pcb value increase, expected to reach $7.9 billion in market size in 2025, and the company will achieve a rapid growth in high-speed telecommunications board operations in the course of ai server demand release.
The language model opens the age of algc, triggering the need for the one server, where the one server will significantly increase the pcb value. The pcb value of the one server consists mainly of three parts. First, the gpu group, where the one server brings the maximum value increment to the normal server, and second, the cpu parent group, which is necessary for both the general server and the one server, and finally the fan, the fan, the fan, the fan.
Hard disks, power plates, etc... We calculate the pcb value of the one server by dgxgh200, dgxh100 and dgxa100, using the dgxh100 server. 1) gpu panel (gpuboardtray) is the key to the difference between the one server and the normal one, and dgxh100 gpu
The panel consisted mainly of gpu board, nvswitch, oam, ubb four parts, with a total pcb value of 15,700 yuan per station, of which: gpu board, with a single pcb value of approximately US$ 150 according to the industry chain study, h100 contains eight cpuboards, with a similar carrier load of nvswitch, with a single value of about US$ 40 based on the industrial chain.
H100 totals 4; oam shortgpu acceleration card, h100 totals 8 oams, according to the industrial chain study, which is expected to be 5 steps hdi, $15,000/m2, with a unit value of $3,600; ub Chinese short, the gpu module, which is used for the entire gpu platform, based on dgxh 100 base and industry chain research, single
The cost is $11,000/m2 and the value of the ubb single machine pcb is $3,300. cpu master panel relates to cpu board, cpu main board and formulation board, with functional formulation boards including system memory cards, network cards, extension cards, storage operating system drive boards with a total pcb value of $3554/ table according to the industry chain.
Metrics; we estimate the cpu master plate to be 0.38 square metres, and the dgxh100 master plate is selected, based on data from the industrial chain study; and there are a large variety of formulation boards, which, according to the industrial chain study, generally use a specification of 8 - 10 floors, at a unit cost of approximately $1,500 per square metre, with a combined unit value of approximately $354.
Chart 19: A map of the composition of the dgxh100cpu matrix of the dgxh 100 motherboardtray and other accessories: total single machine value of $226. The unit cost of the spare parts varies from about $1,000 to $1,500 per square metre, the main one.
This would include 6 power sources with a single pcb area of 0.019 square metres, 8 hard disks, 0.008 square metres in a single hard disk and an area of approximately 0.010 square metres in a former control panel, with a single machine pcb valued at $19520.
The decomposition is mainly based on the British Weidai training platform dgxh100, which will become one of the important types of i servers as large models mature. According to British Weida official sources, the primary platform is L4/l40, which is primarily a pcie assembly, and pcie's accelerator assembly.
Using the 1st step hdi process, pcb costs about half of the sxm/nvl version of the training platform, and considering that the server is also standard in the 8-card format according to the British Vidal scheme, we reasoned that the value of the whole server pcb was about 50% of the value of the full server pcb, i.e. $9760.
The i server has reached the accelerated development stage. According to the performance tracking of the British Weida data centre, there has been a rapid increase in revenue, with 23q1 achieving year-on-year +14%, ring-on-year +18%, and British Weeda has given clear guidance that 23q2 is expected to grow by 53% as a result of the business in the heart of the data.
q2fy24outook and halfthewid Grossmargins
68.6% gaapand70.0%non-gaap, plusorminus50basispoints approximately $2.71billiongaapand $1.90billionnon-gaap operationextense
Incomefoapproximately $90millionforgaapandnon-gaap otherincome&expense 14.0% gaapandnon-gaap, plusorminus 1%, excludingdissites
Approximely $300 millionto $350 million capittalexpenditures drives server-related pcb business development.
The pcb industry is expected to expand in the context of the rapid growth of the one server, with the value of the single machine pcb at $2425's value increasing by 705%, and we calculate the pcb size used for the one server based on the following assumptions: Based on idc data and projections, the global server gpu delivered 3.190,000, 3.64 million and 3.64 million, respectively, in 2022~2025.
4.12 million, 4.63 million, or 25 per cent of the total delivery of gpu in 2022 according to industry chain studies, given the rapid growth in the number of large models introduced by cloud computing firms and the rapidly warming demand for training numeracy by cloud computing firms in the near future, we assume that the ratio of gpu to gpu delivery on the server was reached in 2023-2025.
According to the foregoing, British Weida, as the main programme designer of the i-server gpu, uses the standard design of both the training server and the reasoning service, so we measure one server on the basis of 8 cards.
(a) 460,000, 520,000, 580,000, of which 160,000, 210,000, 230,000, 300,000, 310,000 and 350,000 were delivered by the IA server;
Annually, it will reach 6 billion yuan, 7 billion yuan and 7.9 billion yuan....a year-on-year increase of 23 per cent, 17 per cent and 12 per cent.1 Specific dismantling can be found in the previous report on the treasury securities, i.e., how much pcb is needed in the i server. 2.3, general server pcie 4.0  pcie 5.0, the market size of pcb is expected to reach 43.8 billion yuan in 2025.
Normal server rotation upgrades upgrade the bus standard from pcle 4.0 to pcle5.0, thus increasing the server ' s high multilayer pcb demand, adding value to pcb to facilitate company high-speed communications pcb operations. pcie5.0 is expected to upgrade to mainstream server pcb market. pcie (peripheralcomponentintercontract)
The upgrade of the server is not just an upgrade of the cpu and its chip group, but is reflected in the progress of all parts of the platform, the pcie bus will also be upgraded, and Cpu will be upgraded from cooperlake to icelake in the second half of 2020 in Intel.
When the bus standard was upgraded from pcie 3.0 to pcie 4.0 in the first quarter of 2021 to sapphirerapids, the bus standard was upgraded to pcie 5.0 and, in the context of emerging calculations such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, there was a significant increase in the demand for server data exchange rates by major enterprises, and we believe that pcie 5.0 is expected to be upgraded to server pcb
Chart 28: Mainboard physical chart with pcie 5.0 interface Chart 29: dgxh100 interactive data map with pcie
dgxh100blockdiagram 4xdimm128gbddr5, 3xm2slots and phrase 5.0x16slot
The bus upgrade increases the speed of transmission. During the normal server rotation upgrade, the bus level increases the rate of transmission of data. Pcie 4.0 is 16 gbps/lane, pcie 5.0 is going to be raised to 32 gbps/lane, i.e., from pcle 4.0 to post-pcle 5.0.
Efficient transmission requires a high layer of pcb main board. More efficient transmission requires an efficient line layout and higher pcb board material to be used as the main board, thereby reducing the level of inter-signal interference, and the number of layers of pcb main board will be larger after the normal server overlaps.