I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
#newproducts, newtechnologies, newcustoms
The company's professionals profitmargin, and there's a lot of other people in the world who don't know what they're doing.
I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm sorry, maretdata, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry, but...
I mean, there's a lot more to it than there is to it, and there's more to it than there is to it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The automotiveBoardbusinessfulfulbenefiringfromthelectrification,
The company planstoincreasesstakeinhualimicroecronicsby
It's about 776 millionyuan, toexpanditshigh-orderhdiatotototiveproduction capacitation.athesametime, attheendof2022, the companyplanstoacquire 57% equityofschweizerholdingag, ajointventureerprise, helpby
If the subsequienttransactionisapprovedand completed, shengweitechnologywillbeasubsidiaryofthecompany's
Controllingshareholder, promoting the commerciationofp2pack technology.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm not gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Automobiles.weestimatethecompany'snetprofitin2023-2025willberbresearchinstiute, andinparticular 1.71/2.16/2.70bnspecively, currespondshopof27/21/17x.weinitiatea
Itsembleyeestianyima, "buying." Quanxitang andgaoding.
risks: rawmateriapricesriseraidly; r&dofutomobile projectsisless zhou.
The price of all of the business in a wave of arithmetic rose to 24th of 24th of 24th of 2023.
# New products, new technologies, new customers # # high-end pcb lead business: companies apply high-end pcb to corporate communications and automobiles
(a) Establishment of a Singapore subsidiary to support the expansion and marketing of its operations. (b) Thailand ' s investment in a new mountain base, which seeks to produce more overseas and eliminate uncertainties in international trade. (c) Participation in the winning electronic policy at the beginning of 2022, held by Schweizer at the end of the year.
The company’s Māori rate, R&D input, and time-rates are industry leaders, and the company’s prospects for continued growth are positive as the end demand improves and inventory progresses.
The fever of openai has led the public to realize that technological advances in artificial intelligence are entering the “unique” moment, when the i model requires more computing to manage the amount of data, to drive data centres towards higher speed standards, and to generate a significant increase in demand for high-level hdi and high-frequency high-speed pcb.
More than 400 g a year, the future market space for the integrated calculator switch is expected to reach over $4 billion in 2026. 2) General server platform upgrades: egs platform route upgrades drive an increase in pcle 5.0 penetration, measuring more than $10 billion for common server pcb space. 3)
i Servers bring incremental elasticity: gpt pulls up computing power, drives up the market for high-calculation chips, prices are up, and the combined calculators' pcb industry space is expected to reach over $6 billion.  Autoboard operations: auto electrification, intelligence, web connection is a definitive upgrading direction, adas
The system's capacity has been rising steadily, with optical sensors being autopilots, catalytic circuit boards and billions of yuan to expand the capacity of high-level hdi production; and 57 per cent of the winning shares of Schweizer, which are to be transferred to the consortium at the end of 2022, after which the deal will be completed if approved.
Jang is a major contributor to this paper, thanking you and thanking Dong Wu for doing so.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: at a time of arithmetic, the company's core pcb business switch, research institutes and specialized studies for this report Server operations are on the rise and second-growth curve board operations are fully benefiting from automobile power
The support was particularly appreciated by the Ma Sky Wing, Tang Qin and Zhou Qing for their guidance. The first-ever coverage gave a "buy-in" rating.
High-end pcb lead company is a leading company in the pcb industry, with a core product in the area of corporate communications and automobiles, and is currently dominated by 14-38 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium-high-level motor panels, and industrial equipment panels, etc.
Complementarity can be widely applied in a number of areas, such as communications equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, microwave frequencies, etc. The company reported a 66% share of communications boards, 23% of motor panels, 6% of industrial panels, 5% of consumer electronics and theirs, 75% of foreign revenues by region, 20% of mainland China and 5% of other regions ' revenues in 2022.
Founded in 1992 in the city of Kunshan, listed on the Shenzhen Exchange in 2010, set up Yellowstone Electronics in 2012, focused on high-end pcb, added hdi board in 2015, further high-end growth, Yellowstone II in 2020, fully manufactured plus car business, corporate global layout in 2022, 1) Singapore subsidiary, auxiliary business expansion
2) Thailand invests in a new mountain base, trying to produce more overseas and eliminate uncertainties in international trade. 3) In early 2022, participating in a successful policy was proposed to receive 57 per cent of the winning policy held by the affiliated firm Schweizer at the end of the year at $3.345 million, following which the deal, if approved, will become a controlling subsidiary of the company.
The House of Wu is the real owner of the company, holding 20.64% of the company ' s shares indirectly through Bicchan Holdings, Affiliated Alliances Ltd., with decentralized equity structures and more democratic corporate decision-making. The chairman of the board of directors of the power company Wu Lixuan was the founder of the company, and the company, with the exception of the Director of Finance, took up his post in 2014, and the rest of the senior executives took up their duties in 2009, working together for many years.
From a Māori ratio point of view, the company ' s Māori ratio in 2018 was at a downstream level in the industry, and as the product structure was upgraded, the R&D input as a percentage of R&D inputs in 2018 was 4.4 per cent, while it was at a mid-industry level, with R&D as a share of revenue in 2021 being 5.5 per cent, close to the deep south circuit and leading the same industry in recent years.
The company’s cost control during sales has been good, and has remained low in the industry since 2018, stable at less than 10%. From the point of view of inventory, the company was depressed by the industry’s climate in 2021, and the stock has been growing cumulatively with domestic relevance.
The gradual adjustment of controls and the gradual mitigation and recovery of constraints such as global chips and supply shortages of specific components, 2022: the company achieved revenue of $8.3 billion in 2022, compared with 12 per cent, and in the broader context of the pcb market growth of 2022 in Prismark, the growth of the company was significantly better than that of the industry as a whole, benefiting mainly from the emerging computing field
The view is based on the structural demand for a high multi-layer pcb, which is driven by the destabilizing trend of the auto industry to electrify, intelligently, and networked companies. The company ' s net profit in 2022 was $1.4 billion, or +28 per cent; the net profit from non-repatriation was $1.3 billion, or +32 per cent; the Māori rate was 30.3 per cent, or +3.1 pcts; the increase in profitability was mainly due to a comparative income share.
High communications board Māori rates increased by 5 pct over the same year; Māori rates increased by 3 pct over the same year for the structural upgrading of the automobile business. 92.7 per cent of company projects in 2022 and 93.2 per cent in 2021 remained relatively stable in the context of continued strong corporate product structure and higher yields of high-level products and emerging applications
The main reason is that companies continue to invest in automated and intelligent management and research and development, and to upgrade the key processes to enable intelligent data analysis capabilities to continuously contribute to a virtuous cycle of process improvement and reduce quality anomalies. In terms of the composition of the company’s main products, the highest industrial acceleration of high-level and hdi products is the cagr, in addition to the enveloped base plate.
Quick, according to the prismmark forecast, the upgrading requirements for the pcb technical specifications in areas such as 8-16 floor pcb, above 18 floors pcb, hdi plate 2022-2027 acceleration cagr electronics, and the perfect layout of the product structure and applications of the company to the industrial growth point are promising.
2.1.ai algorithms open up high-end pcb business growth space.
Door, the market expects ai to be the main driving force in the electronics industry over the next 5 to 10 years, with future increases in data in the areas of image, voice, machine visuals and games, and research information showing that global data creation is expected to increase to over 180 zb by 2025, as data are created.
With strong growth, the installation base of the data storage capacity is expected to increase simultaneously. For the first time in 2018, the volume of data generated by machines exceeded the amount of data created by humans. From 2019, the annual increase was almost multiple, and from 2020 to 2025, the global data increase would reach 157 zetabytes, up to 89 per cent in five years.
Figure 15: Training Transformers in Calculus requires idc to jointly publish the China Artificial Intelligent Computer Development Assessment 2022-2023 with Wave Information. The report indicates that China ' s AI calculator continues to grow at a rapid rate, reaching 268 billion in 2022.
Seconds (eflops) exceed the size of the generic computing power. The combined annual growth rate of the size of China ' s smart computing power is expected to reach 52.3% in 2023-2027.
The establishment of a national computing hub, which planned a cluster of 10 national data centres, marked the full start of the “East and West” project. Over a year, using the “East and West” wind, the centres of intelligence have been set in motion everywhere, and more than 30 cities have now started their work.
The impact of the data current on the end, edge, cloud will drive the network, the computing technology into a new high-speed innovation phase, moving towards higher-speed data transfer standards, accelerating the development of 400g and higher speed switches and the upgrading of server platforms.
Levels to enhance the processing efficiency of the data centre infrastructure for computing, network, storage and security management. The related switchboard/general server/ai server products are expected to grow at a high rate, generating demand for large-scale, high-level hdi and high-frequency high-speed pcb products.
2.2. Arithmetic demand drivers structural upgrade. Switches are a network device for electrical (light) signal transmission. Over the past few years, the entire data centre chain has increased its speed from 25g/100g to 100g/400g. Many of the existing large data centres are building new 400g.
Data centres, and the deployment of network switches with 400-g interfaces to support higher data speeds to provide a high performance response 62 per cent annual compound acceleration, with a projected global exchange port output of over 870 million and a market size of over 44 billion in 2026, with 400g used for megadata centres, data centre connectivity is moving towards higher speeds.
800g or even 1.6t, driven by digital transformations, bandwidth-intensive applications and new trends in the load of artificial intelligence work, the data centre switch market will continue to flourish in the coming years. The 800gbps light module and 25.6t chip drive the introduction of the 800gbps switch port. Google has now taken the lead, and it is expected that Meta and Microsoft, among others, will be among the others.
Cloud service providers will follow suit. The i server has a very high transmission rate and time delay for bottom data, corresponding to a server with eight h100gpu modules, assuming two 200g modules per gpu, at least 16 200g inside each server, and at least 4 800g at the top switch port.
Over the course of the year, the market for the Ethernet exchange data centre is expected to grow at a double-digit compound annual growth rate, with cumulative expenditures expected to be close to $100 billion over the next five years. 400 gbps and higher rates are expected to account for half of the expenditure, and 800 gbps will exceed 400 gbps by 2025.
In terms of the pattern of market competition, the concentration of the sector is high, with a small number of Scisco, Hua, and Xinhua, which account for the majority of the market share and the oligopoly pattern. In terms of global markets, Cisco accounted for 45% of the market share in 2021, followed by 10% of the market in China; and the domestic market, which together accounted for more than 70% of the total share of Xinhua and Xinhua.
Next, the grid was sharper by 13%. Figure 19: Market share of the global switchboard in 2021, leading industry firms are accelerating the deployment of 800g switchboards. 2022q4, published by Cisco at the ocp Global Summit.
Two new 800g exchange series and a new light module to support super-data centre operators and telecommunications operators Switches, both based on Cisco's silicononeg100 chip, to support 25.6t exchange capabilities. The main difference between the two products is that there are different software, and nexus is directed to telecommunications, businesses and other integrated programme users, while the 8,000 series.
In February 2023, Cisco released a 23q2 report with strong performance in the second quarter. Cisco Chief Financial Officer Scotterren said that the company was making good progress in sales, record non-gaap per share and operating cash flow.
The recovery in the performance of leading companies is proof that the industry’s climate is continuing to recover well. Switching pcb industry space measurements: idc predicts that the exchange market will be about US$36 billion in 2022.
We are predicting a 7% increase in the size of the switch market in 2022-2026. Based on the multimillion-dollar data, pcb now accounts for about 7% of the raw material cost of the switch, we believe that with the upgrade of server technology, the pcb technology is expected to increase in value year by year. The future market space for the integrated calculator is expected to be reached in 2026.
2.3. Arithmetic needs to accelerate the upgrade of the general server platform, which is a high-performance computer that stores and processes 80 per cent of the data and letters on the network as nodes of the network.
So it's called the soul of the network. As the demand for arithmetic increases and demands higher on server performance, reliability, and diversity, the bus standard is accelerating from pcie 4.0 to pcie 5.0. At the most direct angle, pcie 5.0 is twice as fast as pcie 4.0: 32gt/s.
16gt/s. The market for hpc, data centres, supercomputers, etc. shows a strong demand for pcie 5.0.pcb is the key component in the pcie bus.
About 50%, as a core component, cpu determines the performance of the server to a large extent, so server platform upgrades are often driven by chip upgrades. In recent years, two major players in the X86 processor market have upgraded the server chip platform, using the intel route, and now service according to intel planning.
The machine is transitioning from a purley platform to a whitley platform. Amd is also upgrading from a zen3 to a zen4. According to the global server sales tracking report, the global server output will increase by 6 per cent in 2022, to 13.8 million. Revenue will increase by 17 per cent, to $111.7 billion.
Levels would support higher pci standards, with higher requirements for pcb layers, materials and manufacturing processes, and a rapid upgrade of pcbboardasp to pcie 5.0. General server pcb sector space measurements: 13.8 million global server deliveries in 2022.
Digitimesresearch predicts a 6% increase in server output from 2022 to 2026, cagr. According to industry chain research, penetration increases as server chip platforms are upgraded. General server future market space is measured at $10 million, 2.4.ai servers add pcb.
Arithmetic times depend on a numeric server. In the future, large-scale parameter models will continue to add to the demands of arithmetic power, with power supply and demand gaps that need to be supplemented by high performance chips. Considering that model parameters have grown exponentially over the past five years, llm (large language models) will mean exponential increases in model training and reasoning each time.
According to idc data, the market for artificial intelligence servers worldwide is $15.6 billion, equivalent to about $10.6 billion. According to the Trendforce data, the pre-positioning of the gpgpu server is estimated to be year-on-year as of 2022.
The volume of goods, which accounts for nearly 1% of the overall server, is projected to reach 10.8% in 2022-2026, which is more than double the combined speed of the global overall service server. The i server core is a high performance chip.
Gpu is the most widely used global market for a single chip. Gpu supports a high-speed solution to the huge workload by having a parallel network of high-adapted neurons; and a thin structure supports only one can produce two times more performance in the reasoning process.
With gpu compatible training and reasoning, highly fit to the ai model construction, the use of the most pcb as the base of gpu in the global ai chip is decisive for gpu's integration, stability, resistance and radiative ability. With gpu's upgrading, performance is constantly improving, for the sake of higher fundamentality and stability.
The pcb layer is constantly rising. The pcb’s visible width and power model can easily directly affect the size of the data line, because the high end gpu needles have more feet, require more visible particles, and require more sophisticated power models. The leading technical indicator of the leading gpu product is the global gpu chip.
gpgpu is currently the most widely used global product with a typical representation of gpu products v100, a100, h100gpu, not using volta, ampere, hopper architecture. a100gpu, int8 with 624 tops; h100gpu, int8 with 1513 tops. In addition, the Cuda platform released in 2006 by Yveta is the most used in the world today.
The common gpu and cuda ecosystems form the basis of the British Weida lead the ai chip. The current global mainstream depth learning framework uses the cuda platform, with the share of the globally independent gpu market at approximately 80% in 2021-2022.
Hundreds of billions of fixed and floating point calculations, the more efficient they are, the faster they are and the more robust they are. Based on British Weidaa 100 measurements, the number of servers that gpt4 uses the desired reasoning process is approximately 6652. We need the number of flops, model parameters, processing per second through individual token parameters.
The number of tokens, the number of gpus required for the server (based on dgxa100), the number of single gpu peak flops and the utilization rate of 21.3% were measured, resulting in the result of the server required for the reasoning.
On the basis of the processor, the large language model, which shows an exponential growth trend in the number of parameters, the gpt-4 parameter is trillion, we measure the number of servers required for the gpt-4 reasoning to perform the desired function at 6652, on the basis of the long-term multibillion parameter basis, the number of servers required will rise to 660,000.
It's more than three times the value of a universal pcb single table, and more than $10,000. So it's likely to be more than $6 billion between the combined calculator, pcb, and the company-specific products, which have been scaled up in the egs level server area; at hpc
In the area of generic calculations of company layouts, applications for ai acceleration, graphics products, products for acceleration modules such as gpu, oam, fpga and products for ubb, baseboard products have been shipped in bulk and are currently being prepared for ubb 2.0, oam 2.0 products; in the area of high-level data centre switches, applications for pre800g (based on
56gbps velocity, 25.6t chip) products have been produced in bulk and have been delivered in small batches for 800g products (based on 112gbps velocity, 51.2t chip); multiscale hdiinterposer product based on the data centre acceleration module, has been productated in step 4hdi, and is currently in the advanced phase 6 hdi product, based on exchange, routed npo/cpo
The architecture’s interposer product has also been synchronized; the semiconductor chip test circuit board has focused on the development of high-level products of 0.35 mm or more. The company’s deep binding of core customers, which will be rapidly released over the next few years with high demand from a wave of computing power, is expected to benefit from a rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered by large clients.
In 2022, the overall demand for data centre-type infrastructure equipment applications was robust, with structural needs in emerging market areas such as high-speed network equipment, data storage, high-performance computers, high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence (ai) filling the negative impact of the weak demand for pcb products associated with the 5g base station and increasing price competition.
In 2022, the corporate communications market generated operating revenues of about $5.495 billion, an increase of 13.95 per cent over the same period; and the corporate communications market.
The Māori Plate ratio was about 34.33 per cent, an increase of about 4.97 percentage points over the same period. 3. Automobile operations fully benefited from car electrification, intelligence, network connectivity 3.1. The rapid development of new energy vehicles
The global penetration rate of new energy vehicles has increased rapidly, and the Chinese market has continued to rise and remain at over 40%. With the many destabilizing trends of auto electrification, intelligence, Internet connectivity and so on, the share of car electronics in costs will continue to rise. Electronics has become an important indicator of modern car levels.
The use and specifications of circuit boards will continue to be upgraded with more electronic components, such as smart cabins. Figure 29: Global and Chinese new energy traffic is projected to exceed $70 billion a year, with cagr reaching about 12% in 2020-2025, which will increase at a much faster rate than the overall pcb market. pcb/fpc
It is the need for traditional cars and the continuous expansion of their applications, and the need for new energy, intelligence, and light-quantified trends, as well as the need for matching upgrades associated with the expansion of the applications of various structural units and components along the circuit board. Auto-intelligentization is the direction of a deterministic upgrading, with accelerator rates (adas) rising, and
The optical sensors (camera, laser radar, millimeter wave radar, etc.) are autopilots, which increase the use and value of the circuit board significantly. The antenna is an important component of the millimetre wave radar that emits and receives signals, and the millimetre wave radar can be activated by microbands.
Multiple antennas are integrated onto the pcb board. Due to the high frequency of millimetre waves and the requirement for precision of circuit sizes, the printed circuit board is a high frequency board pcb, which represents 10% of the total cost. According to the latest projections of icv, in 2023, the global vehicle-mounted wave radar market will reach $4.509 billion and is expected to climb to $8.999 billion in 2027 and capr in 2023-2027.
About 19%, the future market is promising, and the penetration of millimetre-wave radars will increase significantly, driven mainly by the millimetre-wave radar programme, which combines several angle radars with one forward radar. As autopilot aids, smart cabins, technological upgrades and penetration of new energy sources continue to grow, vehicles will continue to grow.
The growing variety of functional designs and the growing number of electronic control units (ecu) has made it impossible for distributed electronic racks (eea) to meet the growing complexity of systems design, as well as the high cost and security risks. So the major garages are gradually moving towards a centralized eea, with advantages such as structural simplification, high outreach, arithmetic, etc.
Dots, which also perform remote upgrades (ota), give cars an instant-renewal driving experience. A centralized eeea divides a number of areas according to the vehicle function, such as body control, autopilot, smart space, etc., and a similar ecu will be integrated into a more robust single ecu and will be coordinated through the domain centre controller to achieve more complex functions.
This type of ecu, which is integrated, multifunctional, efficient, etc., will contribute to the increased demand for the high-end motor panels, as well as their increasing complexity, performance and reliability requirements, with the traditional six-storey interior-based motor panels gradually moving in the direction of multiple layers, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speed, etc.
3.2. In the area of automobile electronics, the company collaborates deeply with its clients in the development of critical technologies and in the development and validation of advanced design and certification of customers in the areas of new energy vehicles, three electrical systems, autopilot aids, smart cabins, car networking, etc.
Significant resources have been devoted to the development of high-grade, high-speed hdi and high-pressure-resistant pcb products, and to the development, in collaboration with clients, of a central control device for smart and capable cars, a sip class board, a front-line application of pcb products such as 1,200v high-pressure. In 2022, the company achieved a volume of 800v high-pressure pcb products.
At the beginning of 2023, the company used its own funds to recapitalize approximately RMB 776 million to boost the capacity of high-level hdi cars; it was also proposed to raise the capital to become a controlling subsidiary and promote the commercialization of p2pack technology.
On the basis of the product and output structure, the market for emerging products, such as millimetre wave radars, the introduction of hdi autopilot aids and intelligent airspace controllers, ceramics and thick copper, grew rapidly in the second half of 2022, and the company ' s carboard business recovered with an increase of about 12.61 per cent in the business income ring, a corresponding increase of about 28.39 per cent.
The company ' s car board rate is about 24.05 per cent, a decrease of about 1.47 percentage points in the same year. 2023-2025 increment: openai fire-driven servers, switch demand, with an annual 800g switch cost of over 400g as computing needs rise, while companies have both egs-grade servers and 800g exchange
The capacity of the machine-reciprocal circuit boards, which companies are doing with a number of operations, has risen in volume. Automobile Electrification, intelligence, network integration are the direction of definitive upgrades, the adas system load rate continues to rise, optical sensors are needed to autopilot, and the use and value of the circuit boards have increased significantly.
The down-stream clients of the industry are industry leaders, with a clear technological edge, a new Thai production base, improved industrial layout, reduced international trade uncertainties, an expanded Singapore subsidiary to meet customer demand, and we anticipate an increase in the speed of the switch rate, an increase in the penetration rate of the 400g/800g switch and the overall value of the switchpcb
We'll measure the future market space to be more than $4 billion in 2026. 2) Universal servers: Service technology upgrade bus standards are moving to pcle 5.0, leading to an increase in the value of the pcb layer year by year, and we'll measure the future market space to be more than $10 billion.)ai server: the heat drive of the openaii gpu is fast demand.
Growth, leading to a high-level pcb release, we're counting industry space to be more than $6 billion. 4) Base stations: 5g small base stations are rapidly deployed, and future space is expected to be worth hundreds of billions.
Automobile electron ratio rises, autopilot level upgrade drives increasing numbers of sensors, ecu use increases the drivers, controllers upgrade to a centralized structure, companies will benefit fully from the relevant millimetre wave radars, smart space controllers, autopilot aids available, while companies develop product central controls, sip class load boards, 1200v high pressure front pcb R & D
With the prospect of achieving production volumes on a continuous basis, deep-seated frontline clients, long-term strategic cooperation, and the acquisition of technology-related products from P2pack, demand and product structure upgrades that are resonant with the increased volume of automobile board operations, we anticipate industrial operations: taking into account the 6 per cent increase in the size of the global automated industrial market and the industrial growth of companies in previous years.
Consumer electronic panels and others: consumer electronic panels and other business are non-principal corporate businesses with relatively low revenues, I Māori ratio: higher penetration of high value 400g/800g high-speed switches under the company ' s core business block, enhanced pcb layer with server upgrade cycle platform performance, corresponding rapid increase in value, i-server
For pcb performance, which is three times the value of traditional pcb, motorization, intelligence, network connectivity, product structural upgrading, and the development of new products, we measure the overall Māori ratio of 23 to 24 years in South circuits, Xinyang Electronics, Zonta Technologies as comparable companies, company semiconductor test boards and p2pack operations (ic)
Compatibility with Hensen's technology business, average value of the company's 2023 valuation as at 10 April 2023, total pcb business switch, server service, and full benefit of the second-growth curve board business, with automobile electricization, intelligence, network connectivity, and the company's net profit forecast for 2023-2025, respectively
The price of raw materials has risen rapidly: the company is affected by high prices of raw materials, the production of automobiles is under pressure, the harvest is below expectations, and the future price of raw materials may lead to pressure on the company.
The international trading environment has deteriorated: the share of firms’ exports has been relatively high, regional disputes have intensified in recent years, there is still some uncertainty about future trade policies, and firms face certain risks to international trade.
I have presented the present report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, with all the views contained therein accurately reflecting my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned; I have made specific proposals or views contained in this report in the past, present or future, no.
Past performance is not considered an indicator or a guarantee of future performance, nor is it correct.