The price of all of the business in a wave of arithmetic rose to 11th of April, 2023.
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients  High-end pcb Lead Enterprise: Companies fully configured for high-end pcb year operations in the area of corporate communications and automobiles: 1) Singapore subsidiary, auxiliary business outreach and sales.)
The country has invested in a new mountain base that aims to produce more overseas and eliminate uncertainties in international trade. (3) Participation in the electronics of the winning policy early in 2022, with 57% of the winning policy held by Schweizer, the consortium to be transferred at the end of the same year, has continued to work on the automobile business.
As the end demand improves, together with inventory progress, the company’s prospects for continued growth are promising. The fever of openai has made society increasingly aware of the fact that the advancement of artificial intelligence technology has entered the “unique spot.”
At a time when the ii model needs more computing power to manage the volume of data, drive the data centre towards higher speed standards, and generate a significant increase in demand for high-level hdi and high-frequency high-speed pcb. Over 400g in the year of sub-operations, the future market space for the integrated calculator switch is expected to be in 2026.
More than US$ 4 billion. 2) General server platform upgrade: egs platform route upgrade drives a pcl 5.0 penetration rate higher, measuring a ratio of more than US$ 10 billion to the general server pcb space. 3) i server brings incremental elasticity: gpt pulls up numeric numeracy to drive a high-calculation chip market
Price rises, and the combined calculation of the ai server pcb industry space is expected to reach over $6 billion.  Automotive board business: auto electrification, intelligence, network connectivity is a definitive upgrading direction, adas system capacity continues to rise, optical sensors are needed for autopilot, catalytic circuit board usage, etc.
The sum of RMB 100 million, which expands the capacity of high-level hdi cars, and the 57 per cent of the winning policy held by Schweizer, the consortium, at the end of 2022, which, if approved, will be followed by the winning policy, which will become a controlling subsidiary of the company and promote the commercialization of p2pack technology.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s core pcb business switch, server operations are on the rise, and the second-growth curve carboard business fully benefits from automobile power 1. High-end pcb lead business
The company is a leading company in the pcb industry, with the pcb as its core product for use in corporate communications and automobiles, and is currently dominated by 14-38 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium-high-level motor panels, and is complemented by industrial equipment plates, which can be widely applied in a number of areas, such as communications equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, microwave frequencies, etc.
The annual report accounts for 66 per cent of communications boards, 23 per cent of motor panels, 6 per cent of industrial boards, 5 per cent of consumer electronics and their share, 75 per cent of foreign earnings by region, 20 per cent of mainland China and 5 per cent of other regions. The company was founded in Quinshan City in 1992, was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange in 2010, and in 2012, it established Yellowstone Electronics.
Focusing on high-end pcb, new hdi boards were added in 2015, further high-end powering, Yellowstone II, 2020, full manufacturing plus car business, and corporate full deployment in 2022: 1) Singapore subsidiary, auxiliary business expansion and sales. 2) Thailand invests in a new mountain base, striving for overseas scale production and eliminating uncertainties in international trade.
3) In early 2022, with 57% of the winning shares held by Schweizer at the end of the year, with $3.34 million to be transferred to the consortium, the deal, if approved, will become a controlling subsidiary of the company. The Wu Liqiang family is the real controller of the company, and holds the company indirectly through the Greenview Constabulary, the Associates Ltd.
20.64% of shares, fragmented equity structures, and more democratic corporate decision-making. The head of the board of directors of the power company, Wu Reyuan, was the founder of the company, with the company taking up his post in 2014 and the rest of the senior executives working together for years and years in 2009, and from a Maori perspective, the company ' s Māori ratio was downstream in 2018, with the product structure upgraded.
From the point of view of R & D inputs, the company ' s share of R & D inputs in 2018 was 4.4 per cent, and it was middle-level in the industry, with R & D inputs accounting for 5.5 per cent in 2021, close to deep south circuits, leading the industry, and in recent years, the company has accelerated R & D inputs, maintaining its own level of R & D leadership and forward-looking research direction.
Figure 9: Māori rate of companies, from the point of view of stocks, which in 2021 were strained by industry conditions and accumulated, as domestic controls were gradually adjusted to liberalize and to ease and recover constraints such as the global shortage of chips, specific components, etc.
2022: The company achieved revenue of $8.3 billion in 2022, i.e. +12 per cent. In the broader context of the pcb market growth of 2022 in Prismark, the growth of the company was significantly better than that of the industry as a whole, benefiting mainly from the emerging computing field.
The company ' s net profit in 2022 was 1.4 billion yuan, or +28 per cent; the net profit in non-mortality was 1.3 billion yuan, or +32 per cent; the Māori rate was 30.3 per cent, or +3.1 pcts; the increase in profit levels was mainly due to higher incomes, higher Māori rates on the communications board, and 5 pct more than in the same year; and 3 pct more in the same year for structural upgrading of automobile operations.
The company ' s 2022 project performance rate was 92.7 per cent, compared to 93.2 per cent in 2021, and the overall success rate remained relatively stable as the company ' s product structure continued to improve and the collection of high-level products and emerging applications increased. This was mainly due to the company ' s continued investment and R & D in automation and smart management and related key processes.
Upgrade to continuously contribute to a virtuous cycle with intelligent data analysis capabilities to reduce quality anomalies. In terms of the composition of the company ' s main products, the industry acceleration of high-end and hdi products, cagr, in addition to the enveloped base plate, is fastest. According to Prismark, 8-16 floors of pcb, 18 floors and above, pcb, hdi board 2022-2027, cagr
The upgrading requirements for the pcb technical specifications in areas such as electronics, the perfect layout of the company ' s product structure and applications, and the prospects for continued growth are considerable.
2.1.ai computing opens up high-end pcb business growth space The recent remarkable success of the phenai chhatgpt is expected to open the door to a new era of commercial artificial intelligence applications, and the market expects ai to become a major driver of the electronics industry in the next 5 to 10 years, with a future response from a future person
With the gradual landing of the scene, data in the areas of image, voice, machine visuals and games will grow in an explosive fashion, with research information showing that global data creation is expected to increase to over 180 zb by 2025, and the installation base of data storage capacity is expected to increase in tandem with the robust growth in data creation.
For the first time, the amount of data generated by humans has increased almost exponentially from 2019 to 2025, with global data growth reaching 157zetabytes and up to 89 per cent in five years.
idc, in conjunction with Wave Information, published the China A.A.I.C. Report states that China’s A.I.A. computing power continues to grow rapidly, reaching 26.8 billion times/seconds in 2022, surpassing the general computing power. The annual compound growth rate of the size of China’s smart computing power is projected for 2023-2027.
At this rate, smart computing will be more than 10 times that of universal computing by 2026. In response to the huge demand for computing, in February 22, the relevant national ministries proposed the establishment of a national computing hub nodes in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong, etc., and planned a cluster of 10 national data centres, marking the formalization of the “East-West” project.
For over a year now, with the “East and West” boom, the cities have started to build centres of intelligence, and to date more than 30 cities have started to do so. Policy support at the national level has also provided a good basis for the development of intelligence in the country.
The impact of the data flood on end, edge and cloud will drive the network, computing technology into a new high-speed innovation period, moving towards higher-speed data transfer standards, accelerating the development of 400g and higher-speed switches and upgrades of server platforms to enhance the processing of data centre infrastructure, network, storage and security management, related
Exchange/general server/ai server products are expected to grow at a high rate, leading to demand for high-size, high-level hdi and high-frequency high-speed pcb products. 2.2. Arithmetic demand drives a structural upgrade of the switch
The switch is a network device used for the transmission of electrical (light) signals. Over the past few years, the entire data centre chain has grown from 25g/100g to 100g/400g. Many of the existing large data centres are building new 400g data centres and deploying network switches with 400g interfaces to support higher data speeds to provide high performance.
The annual compound growth rate of 62 per cent, the projected number of global exchange port arrivals in 2026 exceeded 870 million and the market size exceeded 44 billion, and with 400g for mega-data centres, data centre connectivity is moving towards higher speeds — 800g or even 1.6t — in digital transformation, bandwidth-intensive applications and new load trends for artificial intelligence work
The data centre switch market will continue to shine in the next few years. The 800gbps light module and 25.6t chip drive the introduction of the 800gbps switch port. Google has now taken the lead, and it is expected that other cloud service providers, such as Meta and Microsoft, will follow suit.
Servers, with 8 h100gpu modules, assuming 2 200g light modules per gpu, at least 16 200g in each server, and at least 4 800g in the corresponding top exchange port. During the year, the market for the data centre for the Ethernet exchange is expected to grow at a double-digit compound annual growth rate, with growth over the next five years.
Accumulated spending will be close to $100 billion. 400 gbps and more are expected to account for half of the expenditure, and 800 gbps will exceed 400 gbps by 2025.
In global markets, Cisco accounted for 45 per cent of the market share in 2021, followed by China with 10 per cent of the market; the domestic market, which together accounted for more than 70 per cent of the share of China and Xinhua, was 13 per cent sharper than the net.
Figure 19: Global Exchange Market Share 2021 Industry flagships are accelerating the deployment of 800g. 2022q4, Cisco released two new 800g exchange series and new light modules at the ocp Global Summit to support super-data centre operators and telecommunications operators
Switchboards, both based on Cisco's silicononeg100 chip, support a 25.6t exchange capability. The main difference between the two products is that they are software-specific, nexis is directed to telecommunications, businesses and other integrated solutions users, and the 8,000 series is more suitable for super-data centre stacking applications.
In February 2023, Cisco released its 23q2 financial report, with strong performance in the second quarter. Cisco Chief Financial Officer Scotterren stated that the company had made good progress in terms of sales, record non-gaap per share and operating cash flows, and had achieved more than expected results, while raising expectations throughout the year.
Exchange pcb industry space measurements: according to idc, the market size of the switch was projected to be $36.5 billion in 2022, and we projected a 7% increase in the market size of the switch from 2022 to 2026. According to 100 million ferry data, pcb is currently one.
We believe that the value of the pcb technology is expected to rise from year to year as server technology routes are upgraded to more than 7% of the raw material costs. The future market space for the integrated calculator exchange is expected to reach over $4 billion in 2026.
Arithmetic needs to accelerate the upgrade of the general server platform The server is a high-performance computer that, as nodes of the network, stores and processes 80% of the data and messages on the network and is therefore also called the soul of the network. As the need for arithmetic increases, the server performance, reliability, etc.
Diversity demands higher demands, and bus standards are accelerating from pcie 4.0 to pcie 5.0. At the most direct angle, pcie 5.0 is twice the speed at pcie 4.0: the former can reach 32gt/s and the latter 16gt/s. The market for hpc, data centres, supercomputers, etc. has a strong demand for pcie 5.0.pcb is pcie
Key components in the bus, the high transmission rate associated with high-level bus standards require more pcb layers and high-speed transmission. The cost of server hardware consists of a large cpu and chip group, and the production cost of cpu and chip group is about 50%. As a core component, cpu largely determines the performance of the server, and therefore the server platform is upgraded.
It is often driven by chip upgrades. In recent years, as the need for arithmetic increases, two major players in the X86 processor market, Intel and amd, have upgraded the server chip platform, which, according to intel planning the route, is now moving from the purley platform to the whitley platform.
According to the global server sales tracking report, worldwide server output will increase by 6 per cent in 2022 to 13.8 million. Revenue will increase by 17 per cent to $111.7 billion in the same year. The server platform upgrade will support higher pci standards, higher requirements for pcb layers, materials, and manufacturing processes.
The pcbpaasp of pcie5.0 is expected to be rapidly upgraded. General server pcb industry space measurements: 13.8 million global server deliveries in 2022, and doigitimesresearch predicts a 6% increase in server arrivals in 2022-2026.
The penetration rate is increasing as server chip platforms are upgraded. A combination of a general server ' s future market space brings with it an additional pcb amount of $10 billion.
Given the exponential growth in model parameters over the past five years, llm (large-language models) has meant exponential growth in model training and reasoning. As the age of computing has come, there is a huge demand for servers and chip computing in the future, and market space is difficult to detect.
According to idc data, the global market for artificial intelligence servers is $15.6 billion, or about $10.6 billion. According to Trendforce data, by 2022, the estimated annual output of the one server on board gpgpu was nearly 1 per cent of the overall server, and its 2022-2026 cagr was projected to be 10.8 per cent, the global uniform.
The server core is a high performance chip. The size of the parameters, the training data, increases in magnitude as model multimodules develop, and the ability to digest and process the data, that is, the ability to calculate, is the key factor limiting the model ' s ability to perform.
gpu occupies a large market for ai chips, which is the most widely used worldwide. Gpu supports a high-speed solution to a huge amount of work by having a parallel network of high-adapted neurons; a thin structure supports only one in the reasoning process, leading to a two-fold increase in performance. As gpu is compatible with training and reasoning, a highly fit model is constructed, and is most used in global ai chips.
The pcb base as gpu plays a decisive role in gpu's integration, stability, resistance to interference and heat radiance. As gpu upgrades, performance increases, pcb layers rise for higher base and stability. pcb's visible width and power model can have a direct impact on the size of the data line because
High-end gpu needle feet are more numerous, more particles are needed, and more sophisticated power models are needed. The leading technical indicators of the leading gpu product are the global gpu microchip.
Do not use volta, ampere, hopper structures. a100gpu, int8 with 624 tops; h100gpu, int8 with 1513 tops. Moreover, the Cuda platform released in 2006 is the most global application today for the development of ecosystems for a wide range of people.
The current global mainstream depth-learning framework uses the cuda platform, with the share of the global independent gpu market in 2021-2022 remaining at about 80%. Billions of fixed-point and floating-point calculations, the more efficient they are, the faster they are and the more robust they are.
The number of servers required by gpt4 for the process of reasoning according to the expected ability is approximately 6652, based on the English version of the English version. We use the number of flops, model parameters, number of tokens per second, number of gpus (measured by dgxa100), single gpu peak flop, via individual model parameters.
The number and utilization rate of 21.3 per cent were measured and the resulting server results were derived from the reasoning.i server pcb industry space measurements: we believe that as national and international technology leaders compete to participate in a suit server, large-language models show an exponential growth trend in the number of parameters, with a Gpt-4 parameter of trillion.
They measure the number of servers required for the expected utility of the gpt-4 reasoning at 6652, and the number of servers required will rise to 660,000 on the basis of the forward million-dollar parameter. According to the industrial chain study, the value of the one-stop pcb is more than three times the value of the universal pcb, which is more than 10,000 yuan.
In the case of company-specific products, volume-based products applied to egs-grade servers have been achieved; in the area of hpc, generic calculations of company layouts applied to ai acceleration, graphics products, applied to gpu, oam, fpga
Products such as acceleration module type products and products for ubb, baseboard have been bulked and are currently being prepared for ubb2.0, oam2.0; in the area of high-level data centre switches, products for pre800g (based on 56gbps rate, 25.6t chip) have been bulk produced for 800g (based on 112gbps rate, 51.2t)
The product (chip) has been delivered in small batches; the multi-stage hdiinterpoper product based on the data centre acceleration module has been productated in step 4hdi, which is currently being prepared in step 6 hdi, while the interpoper product based on exchange and routed npo/cpo architecture has been synchronized; and the semiconductor chip test circuit section focuses on 0.35 mm
The firm's deep core clients are bound up, and large clients will be released quickly in the coming years, with high demand for a wave of computing power, and the company is expected to benefit from a rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered by large clients in depth and to grow together. Overall demand for data centre type infrastructure equipment applications is robust, high-speed network equipment and data storage in 2022
Structural demand in emerging market areas, such as storage, high-performance computers, high-speed computing servers, and artificial intelligence (ai), offsets the adverse effects of the weak demand for pcb products associated with the 5g base station and increasing price competition. As domestic control measures gradually adjust and liberalize, and constraints such as the global shortage of chips, specific components, etc.
Again, the backlog of end demand orders has been implemented and the stock of corporate products has been digested. In 2022, the corporate communications market generated about $5,495 million in operating income, an increase of 13.95 per cent over the same period; the corporate communications market has an increase of about 34.33 per cent, an increase of 4.97 percentage points over the same period.
3. Automobile operations fully benefit from car electrification, intelligence and network connectivity 3.1. New energy vehicles are rapidly developing. Global penetration of new energy vehicles is growing rapidly. The Chinese market continues to rise and remains at over 40 per cent, with cars.
With a number of destabilizing trends, such as electrification, intelligence, networking, etc., car electronics will continue to increase as a proportion of the cost, and electronics will become an important indicator of modern car levels. As more electronic components, such as vehicle information systems, body systems, power systems, smart spaces, etc., are installed, the use and specifications of circuit boards will continue to be upgraded.
The pcb/fpc is a traditional car that is needed and the application landscape continues to expand. New energy, intelligence, and light-quantified trends require a large number of new applications, while various structural units and components need to be upgraded to match the application landscape of the circuit board.
Auto-intelligentization is the direction of definitive upgrading, the adas (advanced driving support system) is constantly rising, and it is constantly developing towards completely unmanned ultimate targets, and optical sensors (camera, laser radar, millimetre wave radar, etc.) are autopilots that are needed, and the use and value of the radial boards are significantly increased.
An antenna is an important component of a millimetre wave radar for sending and receiving signals, which can integrate multiple antennas into a pcb board by microband array. Due to the high frequency of the millimetre wave, the precision of the size of the circuit requires the printing of circuits, pcb of high-frequency plate pcb, which represents 10% of the total cost. According to the latest forecast by icv, the global vehicle-mounted millimetre wave radar in 2023.
Market size will reach $4.509 billion, which is expected to climb to $8.999 billion in 2027, and cagr in 2023-2027, which is about 19 per cent. The future market is promising and the penetration rate of millimetre-wave radars will increase significantly. This increase is driven mainly by the millimetre-wave radar programme, which combines several angular radars with one forward radar.
As autopilot aids, smart cabins, technological upgrades and penetration of new energy sources continue to grow, vehicles are becoming more functionally designed and the number of electronic control units (ecu) is increasing, making distributed electronic racks (eea) less able to meet the growing complexity of system design, as well as high costs and security risks.
So, the major garages are gradually moving to a centralized area eeea, which, in addition to having such advantages as structural simplification, high outreach, arithmetic concentration, etc., can also perform remote upgrades (ota) and give cars an instant driving experience. The centralized area eeea is based on the functional division of cars into a number of areas, such as body control, autopilot, smart cabins, etc., with similar features ecu
The integration into a single ecu with stronger performance and coordinated integration through a domain central controller to achieve more complex functions. Such ecu, which is integrated, multifunctional, efficient, etc., will drive the demand for the high-end motor panels, which are increasingly complex, performance and reliability requirements, with the traditional six-storey-based motor panels gradually moving towards multiple layers,
The company's automobile business is moving into fast lanes, and in the area of motor electronics, the company and its customers are in the new energy car three power system, autopilot aids, smart cabins, cars.
In-depth collaboration, such as networking, on the development of key technologies, and deep participation in client pre-design and validation. The company invested substantial resources in the development of high-level, high-speed hdi and high-pressure-resistant pcb products, and worked with clients to develop a central controller for smart and high-pressure-resistant cars, sip class load boards, 1,200v high-pressure, etc. front-line applications of pcb products.
At the beginning of 2023, the company expanded the capacity of high-level car hdi production using its own capital to produce about RMB 776 million in mini-electric power; at the same time, it proposed to raise the capital to become a holding subsidiary and promote the commercialization of the p2pack technology.
The demand has improved, the additional capacity of Yellowstone's car plate has been fully released, the company's millimetre wave radar, the introduction of Hdi's autopilot aids, and the rapid growth of the market for new and emerging products such as control devices, ceramics, thick copper, and the company's rapid return to motor panel operations in the second half of 2022.
Back-to-growth, the business income ring grew by about 12.61 per cent, with a corresponding increase of about 28.39 per cent and a corresponding recovery in profitability The company ' s car board Maori rate was about 24.05 per cent, a decrease of about 1.47 percentage points, compared to the previous year. 2023-2025 Growth: openai fire-driven servers, switch demand, as a result of higher demand for computing power
The annual 800g switch will cost more than 400g, while the company has the capacity for both egs-class servers and 800g exchange circuit boards, and the company’s number of operations will rise. Automobile Electrification, intelligence, networking is the direction of definitive upgrade, adas system loads continue to rise, and optical sensors are the first to autopilot.
The down-stream clients are industry leaders, with a clear technological edge, a new Thai production base, improved industrial layout, reduced international trade uncertainties, and an expanded Singapore subsidiary to meet customer needs.
The speed rate of the power exchange is rising, the penetration rate of the 400g/800g switch is increasing, the overall value of the switch pcb is increasing, and we estimate that the future market space is expected to reach more than $4 billion in 2026. 2) General Servers: the service provider's main route upgrade standard is moving to pcle5.0, driving the pcb layer to increase, and the value is expected to rise from year to year.
They measure the future market space at more than $10 billion.)ai server: the openai heat drive gpu’s demand is growing rapidly, driving the high-level pcb release, and we measure industry space at more than $6 billion. 4) Base station: 5g base station rapidly deploys, and future space is expected to reach hundreds of billions.
Automotive board operations: Automotive motorization, intelligence, high network connectivity trends, increasing penetration of new energy vehicles, increasing electronic car occupancy, increasing number of auto-pilot upgrade-led sensors, increasing the drive area for ecu usage, upgrading the controller to a centralized structure, and the company's existing associated millimetre wave radar, smart space controllers, autopilot aids
The benefits will be fully realized, while corporate R & D product central controllers, sip class boards, 1,200v high-pressure frontier pcb research and development are on track to achieve volume production, deep binding of front clients, long-term strategic cooperation, proposed acquisition of successful P2pack technology-related products, demand and product structure upgrades to resonant vehicle board operations at a very high cost.
Industrial operations: reference to the 6 per cent increase in the size of the global industrial automation market and the company ' s industrial growth rate in previous years, consumer electronic panels and others: consumer electronic panels and other business are non-main business of the company, with a relatively low share of income, I Māori rate: higher penetration of 400g/800g high high-value high-speed switches under the company ' s core business block,
The upgrade of the pcb layer using server cycle platform performance upgrades, the corresponding rapid increase in value, i-server requirements for pcb performance, three times as high as the traditional pcb, motorization of automobile operations, intelligence, network connectivity, product structure upgrades, while the development of new products continues, and the overall Māori ratio of our company for 23-24 is on the rise.
The company semiconductor test board operations are comparable to P2pack operations (ic encapsulation) and Hensen technology operations as comparable companies, with the average number of pcb business switches and server operations rising at full cost as of 10 April 2023
As a result of auto electricization, intelligence, and networking, we expect that the company’s net return profits in 2023-2025 will increase rapidly in raw material prices: the company’s 22h1 is affected by high raw material prices, the production of automobiles is under pressure, and it will not be able to collect as expected, if the prices of future raw materials are again up.
The research and development of automobile projects has fallen short of expectations: many of the company’s automobile business projects are under development and, if they do not progress as expected, may result in new products of less quality than their clients expect, affecting subsequent cooperation. The international trade environment has deteriorated: the share of companies in exports has been relatively high, regional disputes have intensified in recent years and future disputes have intensified.
There is still some uncertainty about trade policy, and companies face a certain risk of international trade.