Business banks: The expansion of size has led to growth in performance, with high levels of sustainability leading to robust growth in performance. Business banks achieved a return net profit of $29.7 billion in 2018, compared with +4.1 per cent, a decrease of 1.0 percentage points from the previous three quarters and 1.3 percentage points from 2017.
The size and interest rate factors contributed 10.7% and 7.0%, respectively, so scale expansion was the most important driving force behind the growth in performance. The asset impairment loss was equal to +26.5%, delaying performance growth (contribution - 11.8%).
1.5 trillion yuan, or + 8.3 per cent of the year, an increase of 0.4 percentage points over the three quarters; the deposit balance of 2.1 trillion, or +11.4 per cent of the year, rises four consecutive quarters, with the industry having a clear advantage at the end of the deposit. In terms of capital replenishment, the company ' s secondary capital debt of $11 billion has been granted and the core-level equity ratio has risen by 0.50 percentage points to 0.50 percentage points.
12.98 In the first half of the year, the total equity/flow (millions of shares) was flat, rising by 8 bp from 2017. The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities were different.
The reason for this is a significant increase in interest rates on loans and joint assets, resulting in a significant increase in interest rates on short-term loans by 31 bp. Business and Industry Bank (601398), Business and Industry Bank: Crafts and Crafts, a persistent decline in bad rates and a decrease in the ratio of overdue loans.
One bp is down, three bp are down the same year. There has been an increase in the default rate for corporate loans, but this represents a higher percentage of total loans.
Business and Industry Bank (601398). Business and Industry Banks: Under Adverse Rate Ring Investment Proposal: Growth in Bank Loans, with a higher interest difference of the same year, resulting in a rapid increase in net interest income; Figure 2: Analysis of Performance Attributions in 2018
Business banks: Growth in scale-based growth in performance, high sustainability Investment proposals: Growth in bank lending, with interest differentials of the same magnitude, resulting in rapid growth in net interest earnings; capital replenishment, with large scope for future scale expansion; negative and sustained improvement, with lower overdue loans.
Business and industry banks: growth in performance, high sustainability as a result of scale expansion
Joined Pacific Securities in 2015; in-depth study of banks and non-banks. Bank 2nd in 2018 in the Financial Community Bank's 3rd “per city” portfolio in 2016. Kojiro: Research Assistant in the Banking Industry, Master of Finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, joined the Pacific in 2018
• Business and industry banks: growth in performance driven by scale expansion, high sustainability institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.