"Stealers" behind major capital market developments.
Permanent Electronic Profile: Established in 1995, is now a leading software firm with an absolute advantage in the area of capital marketit, covering the entire financial chain of production. In 2020, $4,173 million was collected, resulting in a net profit of 1.322 billion. Companies are important suppliers to the bond dealers, the central IMS system, and bring their own customer viscosity and price advantages;
Unsourced, with the right to price services; a pure technology firm that provides tools only to its clients. The basics are solid: securities, the largest suppliers of funds, i.e., the stock exchange system, which has a large number of securities, and the securities trading system, which is at its core.
He became a supplier of new modules, such as blending, online opening, port stock exchange, equity, etc., and led non-core system operations, such as crm, customer service, sales, information, technology centres, data centres. Henzo32 is the most extensive investment management system applied by the agency, with more than 80% of public fund-raising.
A new generation of products uf 3.0 and o45 are being promoted. A profit growth point: a forward-looking layout of innovative business: starting in 2014, companies have created/embracing or invested a lot in finance, new businesses like cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, overseas expansion, etc.
In April 2020, Belede announced that the aladdin infrastructure would be hosted in Microsoft azurecloud. We believe that, with technological progress, the application of cloud computing will be widespread and will promote a sustainable course of action as regulation eases.
We also look very good at algorithmic transactions, bpo, and international operations. Choi Xiaosheng Electronics: Performance meets expectations, financial reforms continue to push.
Permanent Electronics: The Medium-Standing Electronics Numbers will help finance mechanisms Permanent Electronics: High R & D Inputs, High Mäori, High City Holdings Permanent Electronics: Financial Reform will help sustain high corporate performance
I. Corporate profile and comparison with comparable companies (i) permanent electronic narrative description and composition of performance
Hensen Electronics was founded in 1995 and landed on a stock market in 2003, with eight software engineers working together, initially in the direction of securities-trading software. After more than two decades of development, the company has become a one-stop provider of information technology solutions for securities, futures, public funds collection, private funds collection, trust, insurance, banks, exchanges, and new and emerging industries, covering the entire financial chain.
In 2020, the world ' s financial industry science and technology companies ranked 40th among the top 100 companies (idcfintechrings 100) as the few Chinese companies that have been selected for 13 consecutive years. They are divided into traditional and Internet innovation; they are divided into large retail, big capital, data risk, infrastructure, etc.
Banks and industries, respectively: Large Retailit: refers mainly to the securities firm ' s core centralized trading system, and related financing coupons, deep ports, financial marketing systems, ta (registry clearing) systems, crm, call centres, investment operating systems, etc.
Majority managementit: refers primarily to the core investment management system of the managing agency, and related pb systems, quantitative terminals, valuation systems, wind control systems, etc. Data risk and infrastructureit: refers mainly to the data centre of the securities and management agency, as well as the operation of the management platform, the whole
Medium-level information systems such as risk management, automated clearing, banking and industry: mainly information systems for banks and entities, such as cash management, paper operations, custody supervision, asset pools, uniform payments, etc.
Innovative Internet operations: This has been expanded mainly by affiliates such as cloud management, aggregate data, whale totem networks, cloud totem networks, etc., in areas such as internationalization, big data, artificial intelligence, cloud computing.
The three operations are mainly addressed to securities companies and equity agencies. Adding the same major aspects to the Internet innovation business for securities companies, regulators and related wealth regulators, the capital market contribution company received 86.99 per cent and profits in 2020.89 per cent and 89.80 per cent.
At present, Hengsheng has formed a full-scale product matrix for brokering, asset management, institutional services, wealth management, compliance control, enterprise finance, business centres, data hubs, technology hubs, data services, cloud computing services, etc., comprising uf3.0, o45, i2(introduction to insulation) and 12 grand products represented by We6.
(ii) Deep-farming capital marketsit, ownership of product initiatives,1 financial science and technology cover a wide range of areas of disaggregation, and in recent years the concept of “technology for life, innovation for development” has become increasingly popular, developing technology for the long term.
In the wake of the 2020 epidemic, the effect of financial technology has also been to reduce efficiency, drive change, and drive the transformation of the gold economy. However, in the broad sense, any use of technology to transform financial products or services and to improve efficiency and reduce costs can be called financial science and technology.
For a better comparative analysis, we would like to identify high-quality companies with real prospects. By counterpart, we believe that financial science and technology can be divided into payment-related, credit-related, insurance-related, and capital-market-related.
Continuing to split up and pay for it can be divided into on-line and off-line operations; credit-related can be divided into letters, consumer finance, supply chain finance, etc.; insurance can be divided into life insurance, fiscal insurance, mutual fund-raising, etc.; capital market-related can be divided into securities, funds management, supervision, etc.
The field of financial science and technology in question is more comprehensive and is still at an exploratory stage in insurance, payment and other areas.2 The business model of financial science and technology companies is also diverse, and the business model of financial science and technology companies is very diverse, and we broadly divide it into software outsourcing, software commodity sales and autonomous operations.
Three. Description: Three business models have advantages and disadvantages, are not mutually exclusive, and can be used in combination. Software outsourcing models refer mainly to succession projects (custody systems, collaborative development) and human resources outsourcing (work assignments) in the infra-banking and insurance industry core systems.
(0354.hk) The main way in which S&I outsourced services in 2020 totalled $11,484 million, or 79.88 per cent of the revenue; the main way in which the gold share (600,446.sh) expands banking operations is through external sales of software commodities such as labour assignments, cooperative development, etc. The sale and maintenance of software products developed autonomously by the company.
The source code is the key to distinguishing between the software commodity company and the software outsourcing company. The source code is the ownership of the software and the initiative of subsequent secondary development, additional functionality, system optimization. After the completion of the project, the source code is returned to the originator; and the software commodity company does not open the source code to the buyer.
Subs (60570.0.sh) are representatives of software commodity companies. The autonomous mode of operation refers to a direct involvement in financial operations based on their own technological strength.
Since 2016, I have been involved in supply chain operations, providing not only technical support, building platforms, but also supply chain procurement on a pro bono basis, with self-financing to advance purchases for downstream customers, and a case in which S&T explores autonomous operations. Financial science and technology cover a wide range of areas, and science and technology companies have a very diverse business model.
There are a large number of companies in the financial science and technology field, and as a result there are many excellent companies, but comparability between them may not be strong. (iii) What are the comparable companies that are significantly higher than the Māori and Valuation Multipliers of comparable companies?
For better analysis of permanent electronics, we choose to refer to companies that are more comparable. The constant electronics themselves are not directly involved in financial business, and are less comparable to Eastern wealth (300059.sz) of holding securities companies, fund companies, and the Sky Fund Network.
The customer type is different from that of many software companies in the capital market. Kim Shan Office (68811.sh), Friends Network (600588.sh), Treasure.
There is less involvement in the financial sector, such as letter software (600845.sh); in the financial sector, there is a major division of services banks, such as China and soft international (0354.hk), East China software (002065.sz), Shinzhou Information (000555.sz), Longlight Technology (300348.sz), Woo-shin Technology (300674.sz), etc.; and in the provision of applications development and technical support to insurance companies, such as Chinese and Chinese software (603927.sh).
There is no direct competitive relationship between the domains, which leads to less comparability. In terms of customer type and scope of business, gold shares (600446.sh), win-wins (30037.sz) and top-point software (603383.sh) are the most comparable with permanent electronics.
Of course, the four companies do not fully overlap, but we will try to choose comparable parts of the comparison. Moreover, unlisted companies such as China Finance, Wirtschaftsprüfer Technology, and Science and Technology also provide capital markets for t-type software products, which have a positive competitive relationship with Hesitant in certain areas of disaggregation, and we will analyse them within the range of available information.
2. Relatively comparable companies, with excellent electronic performance, we compare comparable companies, such as permanent electronics and gold medals, with a consistently lower total operating income than gold medals, but with 57.42 per cent of gold medallion revenues from hardware sales with a Maori rate of only 3.89 per cent, and only a comparison of revenues from software operations with a significantly higher income than gold.
At the same time, the Māori rate for corporate software operations (78.31%1) is higher than for comparable companies, with gold certificates (49.94%), win-wins (70.94%) and top-point software (72.84%).
The dominant position is also reflected in the contractual liability 2 (pre-receipts). In 2015-19, the pre-receipt amount was consistently significantly higher than the equity share, cap software, and win-win; in 2020, the accounting standards changed and most of the items originally recorded in the pre-receipt account were adjusted to the contractual liability. In addition, the contractual liability also covered the obligation of the supplier to transfer goods or services to downstream customers.q121, the long-term balance
The higher the amount of the contract liability, the more secure the future performance of the enterprise, and the stronger downstream voice.
Corporate roe levels have also been significantly higher than comparable companies since 2018. In 2020, permanent electrocution of unweighted roe, 17.52%, fully recognized by the capital market for permanent electronic excellence, has given a higher market value and value multipliers. Currently, the total market value of Helium has been about $90 billion, compared to about $13 billion in gold medals, and the total market value of both time-win and top-point software is less than $10 billion.
Figure 9: Comparison of constant electrons with unweighted roe by comparable companies (%) then how does constant electrons achieve this excellent performance? In summary, we believe that we have benefited mainly from the following four aspects.
1) the core information technology systems of the financial institutions, with their own customer viscosity and price advantages; 2) the insistence on keeping the product open and controlling the pricing initiative for follow-on services; 3) the firmness of a purely technical services firm, which provides only for the seller of tools for customers;
4. Building on years of experience and reputations in capital markets, gradually expanding operations, with early deployment of strategic highlands.
At the beginning of the installation of Hensen Electronics, the Chinese securities industry began with a weak infrastructure. Several of its founders, with both technology and the rapid growth of the Chinese securities market, quickly took up a significant market share in the supply of securities information systems, including brokerage, investment, financial management, self-employment, credit transactions, derivatives, direct investment, research, etc., as well as customer service,
Compliance, wind control, finance, manpower, auditing, etc. The complexity of business types and organizational structures makes information technology systems numerous. According to grass-roots research, the Information Technology Management Department maintained hundreds of systems until 2014 and developed more than 40 units autonomously in 2014-19.
The most central of the many information systems of securities dealers is the securities trading system, because the most important function of the securities dealers is to help their customers to make their transactions easier. According to our regulations, whether the customer is a natural person, a professional body, or a legal person in general, whether the transaction is carried out through the pc end, the end of the hand, the counter, the office counter, or the bulk of the transactions, whether the shares, bonds, derivatives or the on-the-ground financial products (etf, lof, etc.) are traded.
The securities trading system carries a number of business functions, such as the opening of accounts, customer management, account management, querying, clearing, security monitoring, triangulation, etc.
In addition, private customers’ pb systems, securities dealers own their own securities, and financial management needs to be linked to the securities trading system. Helium is the country’s leading supplier of securities trading systems, covering about 60% of the market and the most important core supplier in the securities industry. Currently, there are some large and medium-sized chambers of commerce.
(ii) The securities trading system has been upgraded to the third generation, and the opportunity has been seized. The securities trading system is commonly referred to in the securities industry as a “central counter” or a “central trading system”. In fact, the centralized trading system is.
In the early days of stock market development, the securities business was run by the Department of Commerce, each of which had its own trading system, maintained its own business data, and independently reported to the exchange. The coarse management had a huge potential for risk, which eventually erupted in 2001-04, exposing massive misappropriation of customer bonds, forgery of customer directives, modification of customer data.
In 2005-07, the securities industry entered the integrated management phase, and, under regulatory requirements, the securities firm began to deploy a centralized securities trading system, which is centralized and operated by the technical sector. The name “centralized counter” has been used to date.
The first generation of trading systems began entering securities companies in 2005 to achieve strong consistency in business logic, mainly through the business consistency principle of the database, which is a tight single structure.
At this stage, the end-to-end delay of the trading system is about 6-generation trading system architecture is simple and stable, but a single-body structure similar to a chain of circuits determines that there are bottlenecks to the system's capacity and performance, and that securities companies are forced to continuously replace higher-performance hardware equipment to increase the capacity of the system and reduce transaction delays.
While the three-centre model and two others exist, the back-up system can only execute business queries and cannot handle transactional instructions. Moreover, there is a tight coupling between operations, each of which uses customer funds information, and the financial information becomes a resource competition.
The high demand for business logic has also contributed to the increasing cost of system R & D and maintenance. At this stage, constant, gold medals account for about 35 per cent of the market in the centralized trading system, with Kimse accounting for about 20 per cent, and other suppliers, such as the top, root, etc., account for the remaining 10 per cent of the market.
Second generation: split client, decomposition service, decoupling phase, 2009 started with various attempts by the vendor to address the capacity and performance bottlenecks of the centralized trading system. The more accepted methods are mainly two: 1) split customers according to certain rules and deploy multiple trading centres; 2) decomposition services, e.g.
Disassembly of a transaction order into two transactions: money processing and transaction processing, which are dealt with in separate processors and databases. Uf2.0 in Helium Electronic is a combination of customer splitting and disassembly mechanisms that capture the need for renewal of the securities and futures company system between 2010 and 20 years, raising their share of the market in the centralized trading system from around 35% to about 35%.
By the end of 2020, the market for centralized trading systems and the shares in gold securities (which still account for about 35% of the market) were basically in a double-hatting position. The trading system currently commonly used by securities companies is the uf2.0-generation trading system, with end-to-end delays of 3rd and 3rd generation: full-scale support for securities or faster.
Innovative business in the securities industry since 2012, with online openings, investor suitability management, finance coupons, equity options, deep-seated ports, registration systems: increasing availability of fixed-income products, local government debt, corporate debt, corporate debt, abs, reits, etc. Increasing operational and regulatory rules, new requirements for trading systems, business onlineization, integrated information management, 7*24
On the other hand, the investor structure has changed slowly, and the ratio of investors in professional institutions has increased, raising not only the need for more functionality, but also a large number of programmed transactions representing high-frequency investors. They are extremely sensitive to system stability and extended transactions.
At this stage, the entire chain is running into a microscopic contest. How to reduce the delay on a stable basis and become the direction that traders in the trading system are exploring.
At this stage, full support for securities operations (also known as the Core Operations Integrated Operation, the One-Stop Operating Platform) and faster speedier counters have become the two directions of the securities trading system. Integrated management platforms for comprehensive support for securities operations: a new generation of securities trading systems, represented by a constant uf 3.0 ____4, have been released.
uf3.0 has a micro-service, a technologically leading structure, designed on the basis of the principle of “use-as-one” and unified information management through six basic service centres, with a central focus on Xone in the middle of the business.
Sub-upgrades include, more importantly, Hengsheng 98, Enterprise 06, uf 2.0, and uf 3.0. Speed tables: Watting Finance (established in 2016), Wise Technology (established in 2015), Sengci Technology (established in 2005), etc.
According to media reports, in April 2021, the company Eckronk, the main cargo company that provided the system, was being tested by coupons, and has entered the voucher market.
In the context of the continuous build-up, the self-research or cooperative development of coupons is also increasing, and the Xtp system, developed autonomously by Sino-Thai securities, is one of the generations. It is worth noting that, in pursuit of low delays, the speed counter usually provides only basic transactional functions, such as a bill, a withdrawal bill, a return order, etc., with incomplete trading variety and other features that need to be connected to a centralized trading system, and therefore no threat to centralized trading systems has been identified.
In grass-roots research, we have found that some of the large bond dealers have joined the centralized trading system with a number of high-speed counter systems for different suppliers. In the midst of the financial technology boom, securities companies have been very profitable, and the regulatory level has led financial institutions to continuously increase their technical input, and we expect more securities companies to upgrade the centralized trading system into a more functional new generation of centralized trading systems.
At a time when more securities companies are competing for institutional customers, they will also increase the configuration of the speed trading system. It should be noted that while the uf3.0 is the type of product that is currently being promoted, in the field of the speed trading system, the constant electronics are not lagging behind.
In 2020, the company ' s uft-speed trading system went online to front-loaders, such as Taijunan, Nakaeng-shik, Wide-Sales Securities, and Hua-Thai Securities, reducing the delay to 2-3 microseconds, becoming the most functional and fastest-speed provider on the market (iii) of the Investment Management System of the Investment Management Agency (IMS)
At the beginning of the 1997 Interim Measures for the Management of Securities Funds, the first public fund company was in preparation, and its management recognized the market prospects of its operations and proceeded with its layout. In contrast to competing rivals, who simply changed the securities trading system to the market, Hengsheng developed a new system of fund investment management.
The Fund’s Investment Management System (FIS) was launched in 1998. The Fund’s business needs were better aligned with the Fund’s business needs, and it quickly won the popularity of a number of recently established fund companies. In 2050, the PIFIM market was over 80% for all types of fund management agencies; the market was over 90% for insurance; the trust’s Investment Management System market was nearly 90%; and the bank’s overall financial management was over 90%.
The city of Taiwan accounts for nearly 70% of the total. The city is so high in the area of financial management, both because of the consistent investment management system, which is more compatible with the business needs of the Fund, and because the company continuously upgrades its product function in line with the needs of its customers.
Institutions, financial management practices are relatively simple, investment management of standardized financial products such as equities, bonds, etc. is common, and information systems are homogenous. With a pre-emptive advantage, there is a constant competitive dynamic among the strong.
The system was launched in June 2007 using a structured design, multi-business module composition, a loose coupling design to manage business processes, and a self-contained, open and flexible business modules. O32 was preceded by s1.0, s2.0, o3.0 and o4, followed by o32, and is now being promoted by the company.
Note that o32 is generic. Depending on the different needs of the various financial institutions, it is constantly derived from a variety of focused systems, such as a pb system that provides more services to private equity institutions; an offshore securities investment management system for port and US investment; a wide-range system for quantifying clients, with their own strategic tools and open development platforms; and a fim system that solidifies investment collections;
Various pb systems iasp systems. Within industry, these are collectively known as o32. In September 2020, the latest o45 was launched. oc45 was designed to be the same as uf3.0 and fully supported the capital management business.
Investment transactions, risk compliance, funds management, operation of funds, valuation accounting, and disclosure of information, and taking into account the entire area of work scenes for various positions in the industry. o45 achieved daytime transactions that can accommodate tens of millions of transactions: real-time wind control can complete a 300-bond basket in one second
At the beginning of the release, we were informed that there were other suppliers in the domestic financial management's IT market, and that the shares in the gold certificates were in the bank's financial subsidiaries and letters in 2020.
In subsystems, some foundations use a winning-time valuation system; foreign funds use rskmetrics, and Bloomberg's wind control systems. In addition to the permanent supplier of the voucher pb system, there is also a source of wisdom (quick investment), cosmopolitans, gold equity shares, and head securities, such as the apama cats system, the country.
As in the case of speed counters, we find that a securities firm has more than a dozen pb systems. But, overall, competitors are either late, or they are product-single, and they always have a clear advantage in the area of financial management.
There is also a keen discovery of business opportunities arising from competition among different suppliers. For example, iasp (intelligent application service platform) is based on the fact that different products of private firms are opened in different securities dealers, which makes it difficult to operate, manage, and control multiple pb systems simultaneously. (iv) Strong R & D power is key to ensuring competitive advantage.
The company has a better strategic vision, as can be seen from the history of both the securities trading system and the investment management system. It has been firmly positioned as a supplier to the core system of securities and regulators. In the case of bond dealers and regulators, the core system is linked to a huge amount of financial flows, transaction execution, significant impact, high demand for stability, accuracy, and speed of response.
At the same time, 10-15% of the annual transportation costs of the system are essential for safe operation. Benefiting from the advantage of core system suppliers, they have become finance coupons, online openings, port equity, investors’ suitability.
In particular, it is important to note that the suppliers of new modules, such as management, penetrating regulation, have driven non-core system operations such as crm, callcenter, liquidation, valuation, sales, and information.
Companies are able to achieve these competitive advantages, largely because of the expertise that comes from the concentration on segmented areas and sustained R & D inputs. That is, at a time when capital markets are so low, competitors are shifting to other areas, remaining in the capital market itt, constantly upgrading products around customers’ needs, and improving product lines.
The company’s strategy is also to give high priority to investment in research and development and the building of a pool of talent. From a comparison of permanent and gold shares, the cost of research and development of permanent electronics in 2018-20 was 1,405 million yuan, 1,560 million yuan and 1,496 million yuan respectively, respectively, representing total revenue.
30.09% and 24.87%7. At the end of 2020, 5.7449 E-R & D workers accounted for 59.03% of the company ' s total, also higher than 4.566 and 54.35% of the gold stock. It should be noted that the gold stock also invests a certain amount of R & D personnel and R & D costs in projects such as bank manpower outsourcing, and smart cities working with local governments, large real estate dealers, etc.
In terms of per capita remuneration, the per capita per capita remuneration of Helium Electronics in 2020 is 247.2 million yuan, which is significantly higher than the gold medals, the peaks, the winnings of $14.21 million, $13.9 million and $16.39 million. In addition, companies have equity incentive schemes, employee ownership schemes, and the shares of companies or innovative subsidiaries in these municipalities provide incentives for core employees.
Figure 23: Per capita remuneration of permanent electronics is significantly higher than that of comparable companies (millions of dollars). III. Profits growth point: forward-looking layout of innovative business (i) participation in numerous holdings, exploring new areas
New technologies, new applications, and new models are emerging. Corporate management is well aware of the fact that failure to keep pace with technological trends will lag behind, and, while maintaining the traditional competitive advantage of business, has made a large number of forward-looking new businesses. Since 2014, companies have held shares in many subsidiaries, including through the creation, M&As, and financial investments.
▪ In 2018, the Consumption Wisdom (Hong Kong), 96.45%, changed its name to the Cloud Holdings; participation in the Sea-to-Star map to provide banks with a data-knowledge mapping solution; participation in the index technology to complement relevant technologies in the field of speech synthesis; and participation in the rhinoceros suit to lay the foundation for insurance technology.
In 2019, a joint venture with ihsmarkit led to the establishment of the State of Heng Mai, which provides an electronic bookkeeping documentation programme for the domestic bond distribution market, and provides technical support to China’s debt markets to open up to the outside world.
In 2020, M & As to enhance data governance; Holding Kinner software to enhance power in algorithmic transactions; Mergers and acquisitions of Thai technology to move into insurance technology; collaboration with Finastra to build an integration solution based on the Fusioninvest software; and Replenishment of the Door Network, Bibliography Technology to strengthen the packaging field and intelligent voice
The technical field layout; equity participation and the creation of long-term benefits to enhance operational synergies in business continuity management. By the end of 2020, the company had 39 subsidiaries, 18 of which were important, involved in cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, overseas outreach, etc.
In terms of performance contributions, 83.39% of all business income in 2020 was contributed by parent companies, and 77.47% of net profits were contributed by parent companies. In other words, subsidiary income contributed 16.61%, and net profit contributed 22.53%, making significant performance.
Table 3: Key subsidiaries, affiliates (millions of dollars) (ii) Financial clouds: or “bottom technologies” that will be widely applied
For more than two years, in September 2018, the certificate cloud, which was built by the technology company and Ali Yun, was placed on the line to provide members of the exchange and other businesses with products including gestures, tests, storage, value-added services.
In July 2020, in the medium-term futures, in the future, in the future, in the future, in the future, in the future, in the future, in the future, and in the future, in the future, in the future, in the future, in the future.
More than 300 financial clients have been served, including securities, funds, banks, futures, trusts.
On the whole, even with the endorsement of the submission, the business expansion of the certificate cloud is still below our expectations. Financial institutions are not keen to cover core data for information security, compliance requirements, etc. We believe that the nature of the business determines how financial institutions respond to new technologies.
In April 2020, Belede announced that aladdin infrastructure would be hosted on Microsoft azurecloud. We believe that, with technological progress, cloud computing will be widely used in the financial field as regulation eases.
Figure 26: Serial Clouds Connecting Securities Foundation Inc. and its suppliers Figure 27: Key Clouds in Nine Cyclops 2, Medium- to Short-Term Financial Areas, Private Clouds and Saas are more promising
The concept of cloud computing was first introduced by Google in 2006. In theory, the concept of clouding is made up of a number of large server clusters, using virtualization techniques to form a pool of resources, user-sharing of computing and storage space, etc. Cloud computing is a technology, and even more so is the concept of integrated operating capacity and sharing of resources. By user range, clouds can be divided into services.
Public clouds: towards “anyone” is theoretically a cloud. The advantage of public clouds is to save businesses the expensive cost of purchasing, managing and maintaining local hardware and application infrastructure; the problem is that the producers are tied up and the firms are up against the cloud.
Private clouds: only for specific users/groups, providing computing and storage power better than local hosting through dedicated resources and technology. At the same time, ensuring that sensitive data are not awarded through higher-level security and privacy methods such as firewalls, internal hosting, etc.
A combination of a public and private cloud, or a combination of a single and a specific group of private clouds. Simple metaphors, a private cloud is similar to a private car, a public cloud like a public transport, and a mixed cloud more like a taxi or a shuttle.
At this stage, financial institutions are keen to explore private clouds that they use independently, such as the container cloud of the Watertair Securities, the financial cloud of the Seaton Securities, and the German securities.