Fintech's leader, dancing with the capital market, Helium Electronics (600570.sh) 21st of May 2021
Investment ratings: buy-in (first-time) high industry leader, strong position, strong product competitiveness Company as a domestic financial leader, strong technology and customer advantage, well-lined products and strong industry position.
Corporate performance continues to benefit from securities, increased fund clientit input, policy dividends, and a continuous combination of new technologies.
The ranking of rankings has risen to 43, but corporate income compares the average number of listed companies in the top 30 of the fintech (2) industry: the potential industry for domestic finance is large, considering only the market for the coupons, and there is still a potential for nearly 20 times as much growth as abroad. According to the annual report of foreign and domestic top 10 coupons, overseas, 2019.
Top 10 coupons have nearly 20 times the amount of in-country input. • Performance stages are driven by clear drivers, with high levels of certainty in performance growth (1) short-term drivers: policy dividends and product upgrades.
The demand for upgrades and replacements of conventional products is relatively determined by the rate of growth in corporate performance. (2) Medium-term drivers: continued growth in innovative business under cloudization trends. Companies identify four lines of action, promote cloud products and ai services, and transform their operations into “blow services”.
In the case of cloud services, the Yunin network of the State of Congregation (+21.67%) continued to grow at a high rate. (3) Long-term drivers: the continuing development of domestic financial markets and the internationalization of corporate products.
Combining the IT sector with capital markets. The technological strength of the company’s products and the ability of the industry to understand them are superior to competition, and the expansion of overseas markets is expected to bring a market of growth.
Permanent Electronics: Financial Integration Corporation 1.1. Development course: project launch, product rapid development, digitalization, and financial coverage. Clients are dominated by nine major industries, such as securities, public fund-raising, futures, trust, etc.
The overall idea is that the demand for the product is expressed by the voucher firm, which delivers the corresponding product according to demand, similar to the outsourced service provider. But, as the product is renewed and developed, constant electronics are becoming aware that the company’s products can be regulated and streamed.
The introduction of standardized products is supported by clients and changes in the way the industry outsources its services due to the high number of clients and the high stickyness that allow customers to opt for permanent electronics even if standardized products are introduced and duplicated.
In 2006-2017, the product became a guide and a rapid development. The introduction of the transactional system, version 06, uf 2.0, o32, among other solutions, resulted in a significant increase in productization; the net profit rate increased, the product lines increased, the number of customers increased, and the client became more sticky. In addition to bond dealers and funds, it was also in banks, trusts, insurance, transactions, etc.
In 2018 – to date, digitalization + cloud is the way to development. In 2018, the new regulations were promulgated, companies moved to a major capital area, and the trend in the one person also promoted digitization. The year 2018 was the first anniversary of the development of financial technology and digitalization.
Launch of the “6+6 strategy” in 2018 and the “online strategy” in 2019 to onlineize client solutions, including cloudization, Subscription and business development. 1.2. Business structure update: upgrading business structure, expanding product matrix
Reshaping business plans, upgrading products and solutions. In 2020, the company restructured its business structure, proposing a business map of “six-and-six-way” to provide clients with solutions based on a micro-service architecture. “6-row” refers to re-engineering solutions in the Online environment, re-engineering business processes, business logic, business models.
Mode 6. Large vertical areas of business are: wealth management, brokering, asset management, institutional services, exchange and supervisory technology, banking and industrial finance. “6 crosses” means upgrading the structure of micro-services. 6 Main horizontal areas of basic services are: medium-level, number of technologies.
In 2019, the company continued to promote the “online” strategy, supported by technology hubs, operations hubs, data hubs, and a full upgrade of the company's product shelves.
Structured systems, multi-partner cooperation to advance the financial cloud and infrastructure landscape. In furtherance of business-technical convergence, companies have consolidated their organizational structures: (1) upgrading of brokering, wealth-related operations to large retailit operations; (2) upgrading of financial and institutional services to major treasury-it operations; and (3) upgrading of exchange-it operations.
The product line is industry-wide and provides an overall solution for clients. From the company ' s product line, it is based on the company ' s product line: (1) Certification.
The voucher, fund industry, as an area of corporate advantage, can provide a full range of solutions; (2) companies are becoming richer in a variety of areas, such as insurance, credit and banking, and have a growing brand influence; and (3) companies are moving forward in their business and products in line with corporate strategies, using three medium-level technological bases to achieve rapid growth of business lines.
1.3. Strong competitiveness: a clear pre-existing advantage, high customer stickyness, and an advantage in research and development input into casting products. Products such as the stock counter trading system bttv 5.0 were introduced each year to quickly take over the market, followed by home-grown and acquired mergers and acquisitions, followed by industry-wide license plates, including securities, funds, trusts, insurance, capital controls, private fund-raising, etc.
Over the years, collaboration with clients has built a profound understanding of client demand and industry development, using its pre-existing advantages and full product lines to forge brand marketing power and product moats. Financial clients pursue product stability and security, core systems are costly to switch, and customers are highly sticky.
For more than 20 years, the deep-farming industry, with a high level of client recognition of corporate products and teams, and taking into account the demand attributes of financial institutions for information systems (stable, safe, long-term quality services), often has a positive cycle, with firm-client relationships stable and joint responses to industry development.
Emphasis on R & D, sustained investment, and continuous upgrading of products. The company ' s R & D costs in 2020 were 59.03%. The number of R & D staff and the volume of input from companies of the same kind were at the forefront of the industry.
Technological research and development, such as block chains, ai, etc., consolidates the long-term advantages of corporate products and technology.
Funds, securities, insurance, and so on, have responded positively to market and policy changes by increasing investment patterns. We believe that, with the expansion of domestic financial markets, increased inter-agency competition, and market development, financial institutions are expected to increase their demand for and demand for it, leading to an increase in their input.
Fundit: In 2019, according to the Irel advisory statistics, the total investment in the Chinese fund industry was 1.98 billion yuan, of which financial science and technology accounted for 4.4 per cent. In terms of client status, the estuary and the following enterprises have been building information systems at a faster rate than the head, but new financial technologies have been invested: head enterprises account for about 9-11 per cent of the overall budget, and central enterprises are around 4 per cent.
Securitiesit: In 2019, according to the Irel advisory statistics, the total investment in the securities sector in China amounted to $21,670 million, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the previous year, and the share of financial technology was only 2.9 per cent, while the construction of the information system was still the main expense.
Insurance: In 2019, according to the Eri advisory statistics, the entire Chinese insurance industry invested $31.95 billion in technology, with global digitization and the construction of a new generation of core systems and medium-digits as the main inputs.
The exhibition and the inputs are in two ways, namely, global digitalization, with operational efficiency gains, and the upgrading of the Chinese centre and the new generation of insurance core systems to give business opportunities to new entrants. Bankit: According to Irey's consulting statistics, in 2019 China's overall technical investment in the banking sector amounted to 12,148 billion yuan.
The share of technological inputs continues to rise. By reference to the proportion of technical inputs from banks, at this stage, the share of investment in the head bank is 2-3%, up from 1% five years ago, and is expected to continue to rise in the future with the construction of new banks, the construction and upgrading of a new generation of nuclear-heart systems.
2.2 Reference overseas: Annual report of top financial companies abroad in 2019, with an average value of $16,798 million from top 10 dealers abroad, 19.78 times the value of domestic top 10 dealers.
8.42 per cent was received, up from 5.28 per cent in the country. In addition, 20.29 per cent (average) of foreign bond dealers were in IT, almost four times as many (5.18 per cent) as employees of similar companies in the country.
In terms of net profits, the net profit of the foreign firm was $7.63 billion, which is 50.2 times the net profit of the domestic firm.
The interest rate is 10.29%, compared to 4.47% in the country.
There is also a large gap between companies. According to the 2019 annual report, the average share of income of listed companies in the first 30 years of the year 2018 was 9.9%, and the average of listed companies in the first 30 years of the year 2018 was 17.24%.
Angular 4: Focus overseas on the potential value of the use of science and technology in the financial sector, issuing guidelines. According to the State of Financial Technology Development, about 70% of countries and regions around the world are aware of the potential value of the development of financial science and technology and finance, and have been issuing documents since 2019.
The United States, the European Union, the Republic of Korea, etc. are included in priority papers or proposals. Domestic drivers of development: income growth plus policy change plus technological upgrading, driving the continued development of the fintech industry, are influenced by three factors, namely, changes in client incomes, policy changes, and technological upgrading.
(1) Income factors: there is a positive correlation between the increase in institutional revenues and the amount of technical inputs; the securities sector: according to IGA data, the securities sector achieved operating income of $4,48479 million in 2020, an increase of 24.41 per cent over the same period; net profits of $15,75.34 million, an increase of 27.98 per cent over the same period; 127 securities companies realized such income.
At the end of 2020, the size of the assets management of our public funds amounted to $19.89 trillion, an increase of 34.40% from the end of 2019, a historic high; and the number of private fund management funds in existence.
Model growth has led to a sustained increase in the earnings of the foundation company and a potential increase in its inputs. (2) Policy changes: changes in capital market policies that drive passive growth in industrial orders. (1) The introduction of a series of reforms, such as finance, innovation boards, business boards, etc., has created a large number of corresponding demand for system transformation and financial incentives
(b) Financial discipline continues to grow, such as the publication by the People ' s Bank of China of the " Fintech Development Plan (2019-2021) " , which emphasizes the need to further strengthen the capacity of the financial industry to apply science and technology, to achieve deep integration and coordinated development of finance and technology, and to facilitate the creation of new customer needs by financial technology companies
(3) Scientific and technological upgrading: technologies such as ai, cloud computing, block chains, etc., are becoming more mature and gradually integrated into the financial sector, leading to the release of new needs. For example: smart investment in the use of fund sales through arithmetic; development of a new generation of mobile investment trading terminals, block chain technology and electronic guarantee operations through a micro-service framework
3. Foresight Corporations: Development drivers are clear at all stages, performance growth is high and we believe that corporate performance benefits products, markets, R & D, and policy are common drivers. In addition to policy changes leading to passive growth in modular demand, companies upgrade their original products through R & D, product lines, markets, etc.
In addition to the positive cycle of expanding coverage and a strong industrial position, the continuing development of our financial sector has led to an increase in the demand for information and stimulating the growth of financial technology within the industry. Thus, in the short and medium term, it is expected that e-business will benefit from successive policy dividends and product overlaps, cloudization and innovative products, as well as from the advance of foreign markets.
Growth in revenue generation has continued, making it the world’s leading fantech company. 3.1. Short-term drivers: policy dividends and product upgrades have gone hand in hand, and original products have gone up.
After the introduction of the new regulations on assets, the country’s capital market has continued to be introduced, such as the roll-out of innovation boards, the introduction of a register of start-ups, the consolidation of medium-sized panels and master boards, and so forth, and the introduction of such new regulations has generally required a certain amount of adaptation of the corresponding information systems. Considering the customer coverage and branding influence of permanent electronics in the securities, funds, insurance, etc.
In response to the major current policy dividend opportunities, including the introduction of full registration, and the entry of foreign sole-sourced institutions into China, we predict conservatively the policy priorities that companies face over the next two years, based on the company’s past data and corresponding assumptions.
(i) Board registration: The possibilities for the Board to introduce a registration system have increased considerably in the context of the creation board, the roll-out of the board and the merger of the board with the medium-sized board. After the introduction of the full registration system, there have been changes in stock prices, stock numbers, and trade qualifications, and the impact package on it includes: (1) bond merchant business: upgrading the voucher system.
Peak processing capacity, higher requirements for the capacity and performance of the trading system, leading to the upgrading of the corresponding modules; (2) non-passer business: leading the upgrading of the modules on investment transactions, settlements, wind control, compliance, etc.
According to the data, conservatively predicting a market transformation space of approximately 1,492 million yuan. Assuming one: considering the basis for changes in the existing science and business board registration system, the corresponding change in the master board registration system would have resulted in costs similar to those of the start-up board registration system, which would have cost 4 million yuan/sets, non-coupled system.
(b) Assumption II: the impact of the master board registration system on bond dealers and institutions is similar to that of the start-up board registration, i.e., securities companies, public funds, public funds, insurance funds, trusts, self-employment/capitalization of bond dealers, institutional subsidiaries will be subject to system upgrading
(2) Entry of foreign sole-sourced institutions into China: Since 1 April 2020, we have officially abolished the share of foreign holdings in securities companies and public funds management companies, which allows foreign sole-owned public funds and securities to enter the Chinese market.
Assumption two: taking into account the number of existing 11 foreign joint venturers in the country, assuming a 50% conversion ratio, i.e.
Assumption III: Assuming a 50% possibility of conversion to a public fund-raising institution, or 14 coupons, by reference to the 28 foreign sole-sourced private-sector institutions already in existence in the country. of45, uf3.0 etc. roll-out and replacement of conventional system modules will continue to drive corporate transmission.
More than 95% of the clients are older, product upgrades and maintenance activities have led to the growth of the company’s traditional business.
Support services. For example, the $8.95 million Integrated Investment Management System for Medium and Postal Insurance (IMSUS) Extension Module project, whose main demand is equity additions (enterprise panels and innovation boards), equity, real estate, inter-bank digitization and wind control enhancement modules on the existing one-system for continuous investment.
3.2 Medium-term drivers: the continued development of innovative business in the context of cloudization
According to idc data, the size of our financial cloud solution market was $980 million in 2019, an increase of 48.6 per cent, or about 9 per cent, of the industry solution market. Faced with the trend of cloudization and the relative dispersion of financial cloud markets, four online strategies were proposed, and several subsidiaries were set up to participate in innovative business development.
The overall income from innovation operations is currently small, but core affiliates continue to grow at a high level and are expected to grow in the future. In 2020, firms achieved $601 million in innovation, an increase of 10.41%.
In terms of profitability, the innovation business as a whole has been completed. Figure 19: Sustained growth of the innovation business subsidiary (in thousands of dollars) Figure 20: Loss of the innovation business subsidiary (in thousands)
New products, such as o45, use cloud-based and micro-service structures, and Jers 3.0 further enhance the capacity of the platform. Corporate boxing products, o45, uf3.0 structures, are based on emblem services, which achieve rapid partition rotation and 7* 24-hour online, from traditional soa institutions to cloud-basin creation by professionalizing and decoupling operational subsystems.
And jers3.0 is a new generation of technology centres that allow for uniform operational control of old ioe and cloud-based products, as well as the migration of Internet applications, including mobile banking, mobile phone securities, to jres3.0 as a package for financial enterprise-level applications development.
Table 9: The new products of persistent electronics use cloud-based and micro-service architecture jres3.0 with four core features: transport priorities, safety priorities, easy access to school and holistic capabilities.
Fit to cope with changing interconnections is a unified platform for transportation management, with one-key deployment of components and services, with full-link monitoring; ensures that microservices for mid-stage operations are rapidly overtaken by events.
Gateway-to-service access security to support national secret algorithms; integration of mainstream microservices such as Springboot and duboo jres3.0 development, monitoring, governance, access and framework, easy to learn; an integrated set of microservice solutions.
Access control distributed services develop the functions of a platform, a high-performance api gateway, devops, an application regulatory platform, a mixed cloud tube platform, and a mobile terminal to develop a platform with six dimensions.
Financial-technology markets continue to deepen, and intelligent investment has become a new direction. Financial-it inputs have evolved from improving transaction effectiveness, digital processes, and howtobuy as an alternative to manual operations to whattobuy and higher levels.
We believe that current financial science and technology is gradually playing a role in data screening, consulting, modelling, and that the industry will continue to grow in the future as more new demands emerge. Through the continuous enrichment of industry's cutting edges and the building of R & D, product systems, and teams, it is hoped that technology will continue to evolve in the direction of technological change.
Internationalization with China’s capital institutions. (1) China’s capital and personal finance have increased, and electronics are expected to cross borders with domestic capital, providing services to Chinese investors and localizing products.
Growing together with overseas markets. (2) Real-life electronics products can support 10 trillion-dollar transactions in the domestic market and are technically competitive. Through the establishment of a Hong Kong subsidiary, Hong Kong voucher dealers are contracted as customers, connecting the global exchange to provide technical support services, and moving towards the internationalization of products.
In Hong Kong, cloud technology introduced a second-generation IMF equity solution that supports Hong Kong currency, the United States dollar, and allows multi-currency products from a large number of fund companies. Core assumption 1: Policy changes and the need to upgrade the product itself to maintain the demand, and the company’s large retail and large-scale management operations are expected to take place.
Core assumption 2: The Māori rate of corporate software sales from 2020, as a result of changes in accounting standards, is higher than before Core assumption 3: Impact of the epidemic in 2020, lower out-of-pocket costs for sales personnel, lower sales costs, my company as a leader in domestic finance, significant technological and customer advantages, well-lined products and strong industry.
As software upgrades and smartness demand increases in the financial sector and capital policy changes drive passive growth of orders, the performance of the public sector is expected to continue to benefit. We expect companies to double their net return profits in 2021-2023, which is lower than the average of comparable companies, with the first “buy-in” rating for coverage.
(i) Client expansion is not as fast as expected. Because of the wide variation in the level of input from downstream companies, the diffusion of new products and the upgrading and replacement of older products (2) the technology development of companies is less than expected.
The Division is unable to update technology in a timely manner to adapt to market changes, and there is a risk that it will affect the company’s ability to operate and profit. (3) The risk of recurring epidemics. Companies need customer services through field implementation, which, in the case of later outbreaks, will affect the normal conduct of their business.