CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BUY (Maintain)
Strong core business growth
Target Price
RMB118.32
(Previous TP
RMB114.73)
Core earnings slightly beat. WuXi AppTec reported FY19 revenue of
Up/Downside
+22.4%
RMB12.87bn, up 34% YoY, inline with our estimate. Non-IFRS net profit was
Current Price
RMB96.63
up 38% YoY to RMB2.4bn, 4% above our estimate. Meanwhile, attributable
China Healthcare Sector
net profit decreased 18% YoY to RMB1.9bn, 13% below our estimate, mainly
due to the RMB107mn investments fair value loss and RMB98mn fair value
Jill Wu, CFA
loss from convertible loans. WuXi AppTec had 21,744 employees as of end-
2019, up 23% YoY. Fast expansion of staff team drives revenue growth given
that the CRO/CDMO business is labor-intensive. Revenue contributed per
Sam HU, PhD
employee rose 10% YoY to RMB0.65mn in FY19, indicating improving
operating efficiencies.
Phenomenal growth in CDMO and clinical services segment. In FY19,
Amy Ge
CDMO revenue grew 39% YoY to RMB3.8bn, contributing 29% of the total
revenue. The CDMO business has strong pipelines with 21 commercialized
projects, 40 Phase III projects, 117 Phase II projects and 756 early-stage
projects. Revenue from clinical services increased 82% YoY to RMB1.1bn
thanks to both high organic growth and additional contribution from
acquisitions. WuXi AppTec will further look for overseas acquisition
opportunities in clinical service area in order to enhance its global presence
in clinical service industry. In FY19, China/US-based laboratory services
Shareholding Structure
delivered 27%/30% YoY growth, respectively. China/US-based laboratory
services accounted for 50%/12% of the total FY19 revenue, respectively.
WuXi AppTec acquried 1,200 new customers in FY19 while long-tail and
domestic customers contributed 68% of the total revenue in FY19.
Share placement to bring sufficient funding for future expansion. The
Share performance
Company plans to raise c.RMB6.5bn from placement of c.75mn new A shares
and aims to place c.68.2mn new H shares. Total new issued shares will
account for 8.67% of existing outstanding shares. Upon completion of the
share issuance, WuXi AppTec will have rich funding for capacity expansion
Source: Bloomberg
and overseas acquisitions, in our view.
12-mth price performance
We lifted SOTP-based TP from RMB114.73 to RMB118.32 to reflect
strong long-term growth outlook for WuXi AppTec. We forecast WuXi
AppTec's non-IFRS net profit to grow by 27%/30%/29% YoY in
FY20E/21E/22E, respectively; and attributable net profit to increase
54%/32%/31% YoY in FY20E/21E/22E. Moreover, WuXi AppTec
maintained a diversified investment portfolio with 80+ companies and funds
which will bring significant investment gains over the long term.
Catalysts: 1) Higher-than-expected earnings growth, 2) Good acquisitions.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Related Reports
Strengthening leading position in
Figure 2: CMBIS estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates, as at 25 Mar 2020.
Financial Statements
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
Disclosures
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) have investment banking relationship with the issuers covered in this report in preceding 12 months.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor. Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.