China Oil (601857.sh/00857.hk) Exploration and production plates have grown significantly, leading to 177 per cent increase in performance in the previous three quarters on a year-on-year basis.
Billions of dollars, yoy+349%, outperforms expectations. Multi-factors influence greater uncertainty about the future of international oil prices, but it is still possible to maintain high levels of operation over a longer period of time, with companies making a sustained profit from exploration and production panels, leading to growth in corporate performance and maintaining a “holding” rating.
International crude oil prices have risen, and the exploration and production plates have been highly profitable: the first three quarters of 18 years ago, Brent’s original oil spot settlement prices rose on a quarterly basis to an average price of $72.13 per barrel, yoy + 39 per cent, oil prices continued to rise, and the company’s upstream exploration and production plates improved significantly.
Gas equivalent production was 11.7 million barrels, yoy+2.2 per cent, of which crude oil production was 663.3 million barrels, yoy+0.5 per cent, natural gas production was 266.2 billion cubic feet, yoy+4.8 per cent sold, at a price of $572 per thousand cubic feet, yoy+13.0 per cent, in addition to the company ' s open flow and capital.
Efficiency gains, with the unit operating cost of $11.47 per barrel in the first three quarters, after excluding exchange rate effects, yoy - 3.0%. Taken together, the company achieved operating profits of $57.9 billion and yoy +427 per cent in the first three quarters of the exploration and production plate, returning to the company ' s profit-making status, of which operating profits were realized in the third quarter 280
Millions of yuan, yoy + 588 per cent, ooo + 39 per cent. Benefiting from increased production and reduced costs, refining operations have grown significantly: influenced by factors such as the second half of Yunnan petrochemical 17 years of production, the company processed 826 million barrels of crude oil in the previous three quarters, yoy + 10.9 per cent.
Of this amount, 3151, 743, 38.21 million tons of gasoline, 40.6 per cent, 8.2 per cent, and 401 and 6.56 million tons of ethylene for chemical products, respectively for synthetic resins, while the cost of fuel and chemical plates was strictly controlled, with the cost of cash processing per unit during the previous three quarters at $166.4.
/Tonne, yoy-2.1 per cent, resulting in operating profits of 36.6 billion yuan, yoy + 32.1 per cent, of which 27.8 billion yuan, yoy + 65.4 per cent were realized in the refining industry, and 8.9 billion yuan, yoy - 19 per cent were realized in the chemical industry, which was affected by the decline and overhaul of Maori.
The volume price has risen, and sales and gas plates have grown steadily: in the first three quarters, the company ' s gasoline, kerosene, diesel oil, China ' s total sales of kerosene increased by 8.5 per cent over the same period.
Camp profits of $6,422 million, yoy+12.0 per cent, a positive increase from the first half of the year, mainly due to the low base period of the previous three quarters. The domestic gas consumption was also 18 per cent higher in the previous three quarters, combined with an increase in weather prices and 19.7 billion operating profits from natural gas and pipeline operations.
When the median international oil price moved up, the upstream exploration and exploitation plate continued to make a profit: the current brent crude oil futures were still running at mid-point. Trade frictions raised concerns about the global economic growth rate, with production declining at the end of 18th year.
There is uncertainty about whether the agreement will be renewed after its expiry, coupled with geopolitical conflict, the US withdrawal from Iran's nuclear agreement and the restrictions on US crude oil transport bottlenecks, which increase uncertainty in future oil markets, but crude oil prices are expected to remain high for some time.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is based on the following: Figure 1. International Brent crude oil futures settlement price map
This report is prepared by the Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.