On 24th of 24th of 24th of 24th of 2024, the company published a quarterly report in 2024. 2024q1, the company collected $28,429 million.
\triangleright 1.6 per cent increase in the same year and 3 per cent increase in the ring; mother ' s net profit of 1.36 billion yuan, 8.1 per cent decrease in the same year, ring comparison \triangleright
At the heart of the future is the growth in high-end product sales, the optimal upgrading of industry, and the enormous scope for growth in the demand for Qiuzu. Our country is firmly committed to building a strong manufacturing power and industrial transformation.
The country's industrial restructuring, the upgrading of manufacturing and the acceleration of high-end manufacturing have stimulated market demand for high-end steel products, which are expected to be made of high-end equipment, shipworkers, cars, energy.
The source, defense, aerospace, etc. industry will continue to grow, and the demand for steel will continue to grow. Sales of high-end products will continue to grow. In 2023, the company's sales of “two tall and one tall” increased by 37% on a year-on-year basis, with a 19% increase in the sale of hot, corrosive alloys; a 12% increase in the sale of high steel and a 12% increase in the sale of special stainless steel.
At the same time, the company has focused on developing more than 80 “small giants” (the invisible champions of the market sector) and the “small giants” species have gone up by 6.68 million tons.
2. The year 2022 reporting point for Sino-Chinese steel (000708.sz) provides strong assurance that the company as a whole will achieve sound business performance.
Tatefo Steel Co. Ltd. has a 60% stake in Tianjin steel control. This is followed by the company’s successful evaluation of the fall in steel prices, q3 performance, and the purchase of 7.3% of the share of the tradable (limited) share of the Tianjin Eyota partnership.
The company has about 5 million tons of special seamless steel tubes.
Yes, to be the world’s leading specialized seamless steel pipe producer. High growth - 2022/08/16 Profit forecasting and investment proposal: high-end corporate product sales increase, industrial layout optimizes, we
On 23rd, the round price was collected at 12x, 11x and 10x, maintaining the “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.