A steady increase in profitability, and the strategy continues.
By restructuring the marketing management system, the company builds a structure that is compatible with the future strategic configuration of everyone and reshapes their ability to deliver the system.
To promote comprehensive product delivery and service quality reforms and to implement comprehensive control features that will eventually lead to a year-round improvement in the efficiency of operations resulting from reduced cost of raw materials procurement and the informationization of the various links in the industrial chain and operations.
The company's continuous efforts to build a series of brands under the banner of the “10+1” end-of-life model have been fully implemented through a wide range of distribution outlets, a uniform and neat design fit-out and a well-trained professional presentation of the company's image as a whole.
In 2016-2023, the Chinese brand was selected for eight consecutive years on the list of more than 500 companies. Meanwhile, in 2019-2023, the company was selected for five consecutive years as a manufacturing company in China.
In addition, the former European brand marketing department, classified by category, has been restructured into three major marketing departments by region, with a city-centred business model, with integrated management of the whole product category (cooking, clothing and groceries), the entire channel (retail + dressing) and further organizational patterns.
At the same time, it is hoped that the positive effects of the organizational reforms of the company’s marketing system will gradually be reflected in the past.
The “buy-in” rating of the company is maintained. Investors of the type are suitable only for a study with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only for a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only for a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors only for a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” level.
This report is presented independently and objectively and within the limits of our knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is independent of the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, and companies.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.