A steady movement towards efficiency gains was evident: on April 29, Europa launched a quarterly report in 2024 and 24q1 realized operating income \triangleright
23q4 retail and kitchen cabinets are growing again. See, sub-products, 24q1 cabinets/ closets and accessories/baskets/wood \triangleright
In retail outlets, 24q1 Euros/Opery/Operanis/Ponis/other brands are allocated to changes in the marketing and marketing policies, such as the restructuring of the distributors’ business plans, the optimization of recruitment and marketing policies.
The Māori ratio of 23q4 continues to be optimized and profitability increased. The Māori ratio of 24q1 companies has decreased by the same time as the ratio of \triangleright purchases, and the advantages of group centralized purchases have been highlighted.
1. Europa Homes (603833.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: Bulletin Review: Deep Pushing the Strategy for Business Resiliency 2024/01/30
3. Europa (603833.sh) Tri-quarters 2023: q3 profits are over-expected, and the impact of cost reduction measures is evident as a result of a massive investment. The increase in the Māori rate is driven by an increase in net home-to-home interest rates, with 24q1 net home-to-home interest rates.
-2023/10/30 Review: q2 profit over-expected, Māori reverse growth control cost effects Investment proposal: companies continue to move forward with the restructuring of marketing management systems to fit the future into a strategic configuration
5. Euro-based homes (603801.sh) are reported in the first quarter of 2023.
Selling everyone is fast, with the whole clothing store at its core, combined with its own leading information systems and ratings: high base & operating leverage short-term impact profitability, forward-looking guidance, one-stop solutions for consumers, long-term market share enhancement.
The company will promote multi-dimensional channel flow: 1) enhance the store ' s optimal top-heavy layout; 2) enhance the flow flow through dots in the form of bagging, re-routing/olding, coalition collaboration, etc.; 3) enhance the flow capacity and flow over the line to the turnover rate. \triangleright across the board
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.