Europa Homes (603833.sh): Profitability is rising, people are moving forward with strategy.
Services providers. Companies are mainly engaged in customizing whole household designs, R & D, production, marketing and so forth, such as whole kitchens, whole closets, whole baths and custom wooden doors.
In 2023, the company had an internationalized home-based manufacturing base, with the entire cabinet leading to the development of the industry.
In the same way, it includes home custom, closets, bathrooms, wooden doors, walls + 10.2%, walls + 5.0%.
Each year, the company repositions its marketing department by type of product into a regional division, with integrated management of the whole product group and the whole channel, matching the organizational pattern to the strategic direction of each and every one of us.
According to the distribution channels, retail sales have grown slightly, and the benefits of bulk sales have increased. In 2023, retail operations (direct + distribution), bulk and offshore operations generated revenues of $18.4 billion, $3.59 billion, $320 million, and $320 million, respectively.
Retail operations have remained steady for 23 years, and 24q1 has fallen. The growth of direct business has been higher, and we assume that the company will continue to be expected to become an enabler as it explores the business model by opening up a business front for all. As the negative effects of organizational restructuring have diminished, the pattern of residential growth is expected to help bring back the income.
The growth in the completion of beneficiary properties has been sustained by a higher rate of growth. Moreover, the company has been active in offshore operations, and is expected to maintain it at a significantly higher rate of increase in profitability than in profit. The company ' s 2023 Māori ratio is 34.2%, compared to +2.6pt, 24q1 compared to +3.3pt. The Māori rate has risen significantly, benefiting mainly from a fall in raw material prices and operating effectiveness.
The recovery in profitability benefits has increased significantly. Companies have continued to focus on reducing efficiency gains, past cost controls have been prominent, and we see that profitability will remain stable in the future.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company has accumulated the industry’s leading channels of operating experience and distributor resources, and has been active in doing business. In 23 years, the company has again optimized its organizational structure and is fully engaged in business development, and as the negative effects have dissipated, the company is expected to have a multi-dimensional presence in the industry through a variety of products, channels, brands, and brands.
S148052108005, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Europa Homes (603833.sh): Profitability is rising, and the strategy is advancing steadily, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The government (603833.sh): Profitability has returned, and the strategy has been advancing steadily.
Chang-jae Shen-Yu-Lun is in the direction of light work.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Governmental residences (603833.sh): The ability to make profits has risen, and the strategy has progressed steadily, without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.