Everyone's model continues to fall, and the practice of direct camping has proven to be increasing.
Events: The company issued its first quarterly report in 2024. During the reporting period, the company achieved a revenue of 3,621 million yuan, or +1.43 per cent of the year; net profit on maternity was 218 million yuan, or +43 per cent of the year; non-net profit was deducted 143 million yuan, an improvement in the same rate of Māori, an increase in the cost rate and a slight increase in the same rate of interest.
The Division has continued to promote lower efficiency gains and lower prices for raw materials, and the advantages of group-based centralized procurement have been highlighted, leading to an increase in the Māori ratio of 24q1, while seasonal factors influence the decline in the Māori ring ratio. Cost rate: 24q1, 24.44 per cent for the company period, +2.83 pct.
There has been a slight decline in the closets and a small increase in the bathrooms and wooden doors. In the reporting period, the company ' s cores have been slightly reduced in the context of the company ' s cabinets/dressers and the accompanying changes, while low base categories, such as baths and wooden doors, have been able to achieve a rapid growth of direct access, with the potential for growth validated by practice.
The potential for growth is validated in practice, with short-term pressure on distribution channels, with 8,568 end-of-doors in 24q1, 148 fewer than at the end of 23 years.
By the end of 2023, there were about 800 cities that applied to open European retail outlets, and about 600 cities in which they were already operating. Investment advice: companies are leading firms in the home industry, making a forward-looking, all-round layout of the city.
The organizational reform has made progress in the strategy, retailing and dress-in-house development, with a steady shift in channels, the company rating of light industries, the European industry: 23 years of business performance, and a comprehensive strategy for the promotion of home ownership.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.