Twenty-three years of solid performance.
In 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $22,782 million, and various mitigation efficiency measures, such as downfalls, led to improvements in the Māori rate.
The supply chain optimization of the cabinets resulted in a lower stage of sales revenue for the kits, which resulted in a slight decrease in the volume of the closets compared to 300 per cent in depth and the collection of the accessories.
In sales, in 2023, the company achieved a significant new form of business with lower risks. In offshore, in 2023, the company achieved $320 million, or +46.54 per cent of the total.
The corporate sector has initiated organizational reforms to build a city-centred business model, with integrated management of the whole category (cooking and carpentry), the whole channel (retailing and dressing) and more strategic orientation. The positive results of the organizational changes are gradually becoming apparent.
Now, a series of effective and replicable marketing models are rapidly being developed in the field. At the same time, the direct-source approach has made a clear difference in how people live in practice and has served as a reference model for national distributors, in 2023.
To achieve 829 million yuan, +17.44 per cent, the Guangzhou Department of Public Works has been operating under the common business model for nearly five years, and retailing is already operating in more than 600 cities.
The reform of the organization is a comprehensive advance in the strategy, retail + dress-up, common development, and a steady transition of channels. I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.