q3 Performance meets expectations, multi-track layout builds long-term values Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 26 October, 3rd Quarterly report 2023 released and opened in the first 3rd quarter of 2023
• The short-term pressure on the vitamin operations, the continued optimization of the profit structure to accelerate the company's de-cycle process The nutrient plate is slightly more pressured and the profit structure stabilizes the company's performance.
In the third quarter, the decline in the same year ' s harvest was mainly due to a drop in the price of vitamins at the end of the price and summer season parking repairs of the vitamin production line, with an average market price of 84.94 yuan per kilogram, 68.74 yuan per kilogram for the q3 quarter, a decline of 30.45 per cent, 15.32 per cent and a q3 ring ratio.
The price of vitamins has fallen to the bottom, with limited scope for subsequent declines. The price of ecstasy rebounded in the q3 quarter, with an average of $17.71/kg per season, with a 4.04% increase in the ring.
• Nutritional plate prices are low, downstream demand is expected to improve company profits, medium- and long-term demand is expected to recover, and the vitamin market is expected to be repaired. Vitaminva, ve, and the major downstream applications of amino acid are animal feed (on average, 70% left).
(Right) The amount of vitamins and pygmino acid in feed is less than 0.6% and 1.5% respectively. The low consumption of pig production with increased pig productivity and increased pig production efficiency has led to a persistently low price of pigs, with cutbacks/kg down, 45% lower than 22 years, 27.48 yuan/kg down, with downstream customers in
When the environment is better, it is not sensitive to the price of vitamins and ecstasy, but when the environment is less favourable, it is appropriate to adjust vitamin additions and manage the stock of feed and its additives and supplements.23 For the past 23 years, listed pigs have announced that they will reduce their demand with the objective of securing cash flow levels.
In terms of volume, the production of inertial growth + the productive capacity of pig-producing enterprises continues to provide a steady supply of vitamins. 1. The profit structure continues to be optimized, with two-quarter performances. According to the end of September, there are 42.4 million hogs in stock, compared to 41 million.
According to Boa and Tee's short-term pressure on the performance of 18 listed pigs in the three quarters of the year, the number of births in 16 companies has increased by the same amount.
The price of va and ecstasy has entered the bottom of the market, with small and medium-sized enterprises having no cost advantage, the bottom operating 3. It is proposed to establish a joint venture with Central petrochemicals, which will continue to be difficult, there is limited scope for the subsequent decline, and the supply and demand patterns of ve are relatively good, with four seasons ahead.
The demand for high seasons of spring and subsequent heating of vitamins has increased in tandem, with prices and sales warming. Multi-project synchronization has continued, with the expansion of nutrients, fragrances, and new materials.
The company's multidisciplinary layout optimizes the deep product matrix. The nutrient plate, the 2-mode 150,000 tons/year production line device has been built and is being tested in stages; the 180,000-mega/year production unit is under construction in a joint venture with China/Pulsification; and the 30,000-mega/year production facility is in progress.
This year, the 2,500-ton/year vitamin b5 has been tested for sale. The new material plate, which has been successfully tested in the Xuantium project, is scheduled for 50000 tons/year at the Shandong base for the first time. The fragrance plate, 5,000-ton/year-old mintol project, has been sold for normal production.
The company insists on the strategic main course of “Chemical+” and “Bio+” and upgrades the capacity of applied research and application services, focusing on nutrients, fragrances, new materials for high molecules and raw materials, and on innovation-driven development of various functions.
Sexual chemicals, strengthening the development of technological and industrial platforms, and continuously optimizing the deep product matrix to enhance the integrated competitiveness of companies and strengthen their industry position. (3) Production capacity is not built as expected;
(4) Exchange rate and trade risks. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.