New and productive capacity continues to grow in the medium and long term, and new and new and published 3-quarterly 2023: January-September 2023, when the company achieved operating income of 11.12 billion yuan.
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., was founded in 1999 at a rate of 754%, resulting in a net return to the mother of 2,001 million yuan, or 30.22%.
The same price decline for the main product vitamins and pygmates affected the company's overall collection level and the accumulation of profitable water technologies, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate of acetic moor fork. The market price for some of the vitamins and protein products was affected by changes in the supply and demand of feed additives.
With organic synthesis as a link, business has been successfully expanded to such areas as vitamins, fragrances, new materials, pygmino acids, and the market prices for products such as vitamina, vitamine and pythonate have fallen more sharply than ever before, leading to a sharper decline in the prices of products such as vitamins a, vitamine, and so on.
The company is now one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world.
Market demand is warming, the feed additive market is expected to rise and the company's profitability is expected The company adheres to an integrated, serialized, synergistic development strategy, with “chemical +” and “biological +” as the main core platforms, focusing on nutrients, fragrances, new highly molecular materials and raw materials, no.
Various types of chemicals are being developed. There are more projects under way, with nutrient plates, in the case of ecstasy, the remaining 150,000 tons of the company's 2-twenty-five-tonne capacity has been built, the test vehicle is ready, the 180,000 tons of liquid ecstasy (purity) is being built jointly, and we expect to reach the postnatal stage in the future.
In addition, the company’s sales of euphemol are expected to increase accordingly; in addition, products such as sulfonic acid, vitamin b5, etc., are planned to move forward with the total equity/transita share (million shares). In addition, the mintol project in the flavour plate, the pps in the high molecular new material plate, etc.
The upgrading of the product structure of the raw material plate is also proceeding in an orderly manner. We expect that the construction and delivery of these ongoing projects will help to enrich the company’s product system and extend the industrial chain.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: New and emerging is the country’s top-quality congener, industrial chain integration and product clustering drive companies to grow to a congener. From the pharmaceutical intermediate, companies have successfully expanded their operations to the future in the areas of vitamins, spices, new materials, egg amino acid, etc.
A source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (002001): short-term pressure on performance, sustained growth in the medium and long-term of new production capacity-building, and a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
Liu Woo-Chou has worked in the Research Department of China-King Corporation for nine years in research in the chemical industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports a new peace (002001): short-term pressure on performance, sustained growth in the medium- and long-term capacity of new production, and no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will change. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.