The industrial microbiology plate has been growing faster.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company realized its operating income q3 net profit increase at a higher rate. In the quarter of 2024, the company earned $10,513 million in q3, an increase of 5.03 per cent, a decline of 0.39 per cent in the ring, and a net return profit at a higher rate.
Corporate micro-organisms have been growing faster. In the first three quarters of 2024, the corporate pharmaceutical industry has continued a steady trend towards a business income of $9,941 million (including the cso industry).
Realization of the net return to the mother, 755 million yuan, an increase of 20.44 per cent over the same period; corporate pharmaceutical business as a whole, where business income recovered steadily, totalling $20,571 million over the previous three quarters, an increase of 1.38 per cent over the previous three quarters, and cumulative net profit of $323 million, an increase of 2.09 per cent over the same period; and corporate medicine and the United States of America as a whole.
Maintain robust growth, with total operating income of $1.909 billion in the first three quarters (excluding internal offsetting factors), an increase of 1.90 per cent over the same period; positive developments in the expansion of the international market of corporate industrial micro-organisms plates, with overall sales trends continuing to improve, with combined sales revenue of $443 million in the first three quarters.
The industrial microbiology plate as a whole is expected to continue to grow faster as a result of the continued expansion of overseas markets and the growing number of cooperating clients. The company’s four major business plates continue to grow steadily, with business performance indicators rising steadily, both in terms of quality and in terms of growth dynamics.
Companies continue to promote innovation in research and development. In line with the concept of a “scientific research-based, patient-centred” enterprise, they work in the field of endocrine, self-immunisation, and oncology treatment. In the last three quarters, the public sector has invested $1.607 billion in research and development (excluding equity investment) in the pharmaceutical industry, an increase of 0.60% over the same period.
Direct R & D expenditure of 1,149 million yuan, an increase of 12.41 per cent, direct R & D expenditure of 11.69 per cent of the pharmaceutical industry, sustained and increased investment in R & D by companies, continued enrichment of innovative drug R & D tubes, linear layout, intensification of innovation R & D biosphere and technology platform development, and active progress in clinical trials
Progress has been made and significant milestones have been achieved. The company’s operations, which cover the entire industry chain of medicine, have developed into a cluster of pharmaceutical research, production, distribution and development, with four main lines of operations: the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, medical art, and industrial micro-organisms.
Large-scale pharmaceutical listing companies maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies. Research reports, “positive” investors, are only suitable for use of “middle- and high-risk” profiles, and “radical” investors, of all categories, are suitable for use by themselves with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.