The three-quarterly performance review in 2024, the Washington Medicines (Specific Code: 0009663) incident: the company released its third quarterly report in 2024, which achieved business income of $31.478 billion in the first three quarters.
This represents an increase of 3.56 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother is 2,562 million yuan, an increase of 17.05 per cent over the same period; and a net loss to the mother is 26.81 per cent. Of this increase, an operating income of $10.513 billion was realized in the third quarter alone, an increase of 5.03 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother is 866 million yuan, an increase of 14.71 per cent over the same period; and a net reduction to the non-return to the mother is realized.
: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn has grown faster than expected and industrial micro-organisms have grown faster.1 The pharmaceutical industry: the business as a whole has continued its steady and positive trend in the last three quarters, achieving business income of $9,941 million (including cso operations), same
This represents an increase of 10.53 per cent and a net return of 2,140 million yuan, or 14.49 per cent in the same year; of these, : sunyivj@chinastock.com.cn achieved an operating income of 3,243 million yuan (including cso operations) in the quarter, an increase of 10.32 per cent in the same year.
The net profit of the mother is 755 million yuan, an increase of 20.44 per cent over the same period. 2 Pharmaceutical commerce: overall business growth is steady, with business income of 20,571 million yuan, an increase of 138 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net profit of 323 million yuan, an increase of 2.09 per cent over the same period. 3 medical panels: overall growth is steady, formerly positive.
Operating income of $1.909 billion in the third quarter (excluding internal offsets) increased by 1.90 per cent over the same period. Sinclair actively expanded the global market for medical injection fills and PV ebd-type products, which was affected by the weak global economic growth, resulting in operating income of about $776 million in the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters, RMB 909 million, an increase of 10.31 per cent, and in the first three quarters, RMB 291 million.
The same comparison is slightly lower, with Lilalu producing more than 60 million in revenues, such as weight loss and the sale of bottox. 4 Industrial microorganisms: the expansion of the international market continues to make positive progress, the overall sales trend continues to be positive, with the previous three quarters showing a relative depth of 300 per cent.
In the last three quarters, the company ' s pharmaceutical industry invested $1.607 billion (excluding equity investment), an increase of 0.60% over the previous three quarters, with direct R&D spending of 11.49%.
The Division ' s innovation research and development focuses on the three main areas of endocrine, autoimmune and oncology, and there are now more than 70 innovative product tubes. As the product pipelines are growing, the range of corporate innovation medicines has continued to expand to include small molecular drugs, target-to-protein degradants, polyplyphs, antibody drug puppets (adc), doubles.
Multi-type drug entities, such as special or multi-specific antibody drugs, as well as the exploration of innovative treatments for diseases such as endocrine, autoimmune, and oncology. In addition, companies collaborate more externally, including ttyp01 (Idala Pin), qx005n, and Guizhou.
For example, 100% of the stock acquisition in the hegemonic industry provides a long-term incentive to enrich the company’s product line and raise future sales revenues. For medical purposes, energy source equipment v20 was listed in September this year, v30 will be registered, and the Mali series is expected to be on the market next year, working with Chong Qing Qing Qing Xian.
Effectiveness, safety and immunopathy have reached the established clinical test endpoints, with a comparative table of investment recommendations: the company’s pharmaceutical industry, medical beauty, and industrial micro-organisms have maintained robust operations and created a commitment to an independent and objective approach to the production of the present report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Xianpei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical examination and research experience in the pharmaceutical industry, extensive research by companies, with a view to medicine, Sun Yi, two masters in pharmaceutical engineering at Nanjing University/University of New South Wales business analysis, employed in civil securities in 2021, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023 and was mainly engaged in research.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.