On November 5, 2024, the company issued an announcement that the company's fully-owned subsidiary, China, China, and China,
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. received approval from the National Drug Surveillance Authority (nmpa) for the approval of an application for a pharmaceutical listing permit for the treatment of middle-heavy silver chips in adulthood.
According to the company announcement, Seresin is the original research product stelara.
Biologically similar drugs with a mechanism for blocking the il-12 and il-23 co-mortality, 2024.10.25. Some of the p40 n.a. are combined with il-12rβ1 receptor proteins on the surface of the target cell.
2. China East Pharmaceuticals: A steady growth of plates, innovation of pipelines, suppression of signal transmission and cell factor cascades of l-12 and l23 guides.
Stelara, developed by Johnson & Johnson, United States, was obtained in 2009 by the U.S. Food and Drug Control Corporation. 3. China East Pharmaceuticals: a good start in the quarter, R & D progress (fda) approved for listing and sold by Johnson and Johnson's subsidiary, Jansen, and sold by the U.S.
2024.4.26 The product was approved by the former General Directorate for Monitoring Food and Drugs in China in 2017 and is currently in China.
In 2021, for the first time ever, Sidano was included in the National Directory of Essential Health Insurance, Occupational Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Medicines (2021 edition).
The research and development process has continued, and is expected to contribute to the growth in performance. The company’s innovative research and development focus has been laid out.
In the three major areas of endocrine, autoimmune and oncology, there are now more than 70 innovative product tubes, of which the Oncology Corporation has established a range of small-molecization drugs, adc, antibodies, protac, and Chinese medicine.
After more than 30 oncological innovation product tubes, the world's first new adc drug, Somitus, is currently undergoing a comprehensive review of the company's basics (RMB) for China's listing of anti-injection fluids for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
For overweight or obese people, clinical integration has been completed, and for megnatic mellitus has been completed. Free-of-occupancy, injection and use of Linacip for the treatment of cyclical syndromes associated with cold mellitus (caps)
We maintain our 2024-2026 profit expectations, with companies expected to achieve net return profits, product R & D at a slower pace than expected, and increased competition in product markets has led to the risk of a decline in net interest rates;
There are more than 7 million cases of silver scrap patients in our country, and there are more than 7 million cases of silver chip patients in our country.
According to China’s silver chip treatment guide (2023 edition), silver chip disease is a chronic, recurrent, inflammatory, systemic disease induced by genetic and environmental co-infection. Clinical evidence can be found in shard red or specks, which are limited or widely distributed.
According to epidemiological statistics, in 1984 the prevalence rate was 0.123 per cent in China, in 2008 it was 0.47 per cent in six cities and in 2017 it was 0.5 per cent in four south-west provinces. The prevalence rate is generally rising, with regional variations, with the North being higher than the South, with an estimated number of more than 7 million cases.
The fractions of silver scrap disease include normal silver chip disease, silviosis, red-skin disease, psa and other special types of silver chip disease. Normal silver chip disease can also be divided into droplets of silver chip disease and filamental silver chip disease depending on the nature of the skin. In these cases, silver chip disease accounts for about 80% ~ 90% of all cases of silver chip disease. Skin rashes are good for the head, back, and limbs, in the form of a boundary.
In addition to skin symptoms, those with silver crumbs often combine other systemic diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, liver and kidney diseases, autoimmune diseases, mental illnesses, and so on. These diseases, which are significantly associated with silver crumbs, are now referred to as co-diseases.
Common genetic background, overlapping chronic inflammation processes, and abnormal mechanisms for immunisation may be the basis for a combination of silver chipping disease. The prevalence of all co-deficit diseases of silver chipping is 30.2% (21.7% - 38.8%), depression 21.7% (15.1% - 28.3%), hypertension 21.2% (19.2% - 23.3%), obesity 11.9% (7.2% - 16.8%) and cardiovascular disease 10.2%.
The treatment of biological agents is highly effective. Multi-drugs have been marketed at home and abroad.
The treatment options for silver chip disease are designed to control the disease effectively, reduce the adverse drug response, increase dependence, take into account the effects of the disease on the patient, taking into account factors such as illness, age, sex, weight, compoundness, birth planning, patient preferences for drug use and frequency.
The treatment of silver crumbs includes the treatment of external drugs, systematic treatment, and phototherapy. Expensive drugs are used for the vast majority of patients and are the preferred treatment.
According to China’s guide to the treatment of silver crumbs (2023 edition), there is already a lot of basic and clinical research to prove that early activation of biological agents can benefit not only from immediate treatment, but also from future benefits. From this, the concept of “disease modifier” has emerged.
The early introduction of biological agents will not only contribute to a clinical reversal of the clinical tissue of silver chip disease, improve the symptoms and signs of co-inflammation, but will also reduce the risk of relapse after the patient has stopped medication and contribute to the overall management of silver chip disease.
Repressants, il-17a inhibitors, il-17ra inhibitors, il-17a/f double-target inhibitors, il-36r inhibitors, etc.
According to a company announcement, stelara, developed by Johnson and Johnson, was listed in 2009 with the approval of the Food and Drug Administration (fda) of the United States and sold by Johnson and Johnson's subsidiary, Yang Sen.
The product was approved in 2017 by the General Directorate for the Supervision of Food and Drugs of the former China. The product is known as Hidano.
A catalogue of medicines for basic health insurance, occupational injury insurance and maternity insurance (2021 edition) has been added to the national health insurance catalogue 2022 edition and 2023 edition.
Medical terminals (city communities, township health homes) and retail pharmacies (city real pharmacies) databases. In 2023, the sales of Hidano were RMB 1,322 million.
The product received a clinical batch in 2018, completed a clinical trial in 2020, completed a clinical study in June 2023, and submitted a listing application to Nmpa by the Central American East as a drug applicant, which was accepted in August 2023 and recently approved.
The effectiveness and safety of the qx001s injection fluids and the Usino anti-injection fluids (Hidano ) are multi-centres, random, bi-blind, parallel comparative clinical studies” — the first large-scale clinical study in the country on anti-injection organisms-like drugs in Usinols, which provides a wealth of clinical evidence and experience for the Chinese population in their use of Usinols.
Companies have developed differentiated product layouts in the area of self-sustainability, and companies will actively take advantage of the commercialization advantages they have accumulated in this area, plus fast-tracking marketing. Product R & D is not as fast as expected: increased competition in product markets leads to the risk of net interest rates falling: market diffusion is not as high as expected.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market