Overall performance has continued to grow steadily, and the layout of the innovation pipeline has continued to enrich.
2. China East Medical Corporation Review: A good start in the quarter and a good pace of R & D. The corporate pharmaceutical industry as a whole continues its positive growth trend, with operating revenues of $9.94 billion in the previous three quarters.
3. China East Medicines: Rapid Growth of the Medico-American Block, Innovation Management Line (including cso) by 10.53 per cent in the same year and Net Return to Mothers by 2,140 million yuan in the same year, 14.49 per cent in the same year: 3.24 billion yuan in operating income in the third quarter (including cso industry)
This represents an increase of 10.32% over the same period and a net return to the mother of 755 million yuan, or 20.44% over the same period. The overall operation of the pharmaceutical business has recovered steadily, with a combined operating income of 20.571 billion yuan over the previous three quarters, an increase of 138% over the same period, and a cumulative net profit of 323 million.
In the first three quarters of the year, a total of $1.909 billion was achieved in operating income (excluding internal offsets), representing an increase of 1.90% in the same year; in the first three quarters of the year, there was an increase of 909 million yuan in Xinkomi, representing an increase of 10.31% in the same year, with increasing profitability.
The growth of the international market has been steadily positive, and overall sales trends have continued to improve, with a combined sales revenue of $443 million achieved in the previous three quarters, an increase of 30.17 per cent over the previous three quarters. R & D progress has been positive and is expected to contribute to the growth in performance.
In the three major areas of endocrine, autoimmune, and oncology, there are now more than 70 innovative product tubes, of which the Oncology Corporation has set up more than 30 new oncological innovation product lines covering small-molecization drugs, adc, antibodies, protac, etc., the world's first new adc drug Sometto.
Injecting fluids are currently under comprehensive review for Chinese listing permits for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Clinical integration for weight management in overweight or obese populations has been completed.
In the course of the review process, China ' s listing applications for treatment of refrigerated cyclical syndrome (caps) and re-emerging cardiovascular disease (rp) accompaniment with injection in Linas-Marcoussis are all in the process.
We maintain profit expectations for 2024-2026, where companies are expected to achieve net return profits separately, where R & D is not as fast as expected; where increased competition in product markets leads to a risk of a decline in net interest rates; and where market diffusion is not as risky as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market