Martinín roe has been up for two years, and the net difference has been rising steadily. Roe has been up for two years, and the IMF investment earnings and tax-exempt advantages have contributed to a high growth in performance.
This represents an increase of 7.1% and a net return of 9.34 million, or 19.5%. Of these, q4 single-quarter revenues and profits increased by 18% and 34%, respectively, mainly as a result of higher investment returns and lower income tax.
▪ Total assets are over trillion in size, subject to regulation and active restructuring; there is a significant advantage in core liabilities. Assets of 140 billion bases make a significant positive contribution to profit. The net decrease in non-valued assets, such as finance, management and trust schemes, is about 92.4 billion less, and Ningpo Bank actively adjusts the asset structure in response to the regulatory situation and requirements.
▪ The quality of the assets is excellent and continuously improving, and the “high provision coverage + capital replenishment” opens the door to profits. The balance of non-performing loans and the “double drop” ratio, the “double drop” of loans overdue and over 90 days.
In 17 years, $6.1 billion was raised, increasing the coverage rate from 63pc to 493 per cent at the end of September. According to Note 7, Ningpo Bank's “bad/over-90-day credit ratio” was about 127.9 per cent, and the “deprived/repeated write-off and transfer of new non-performing loans” was about 283.7 per cent, with capital adequacy rates.
Banks: interest increases affect banks by 13.58 per cent, all of which meet the “best interests”. “Transferable + secondary capital debt” effectively replenishs capital, and what happens after development?
In 2017, Bank Ningpo completed 10 billion second-tier capital debt and 10 billion second-tier debt swaps to supplement core-level capital; in addition, 10 billion priority shares were distributed in public.
The plan has been approved by the Bank of Ningbo, which can supplement other levels of capital. Effective replenishment of capital can ensure that silver 2. is unique, high growth is followed by robust and rapid growth, and further improves its ability to support real economic development and its resilience to risks.
Ningpo Bank reports three quarters: wind control — profit forecasting and investment rating: Ningpo Bank is sound, flexible and profitable ahead of its partners.
Asset quality indicators continue to improve, negative balances have declined, the ratio of interest categories and overdue loans has declined, asset quality has continued to improve, and provision coverage levels are close to 500%.
East Wu Xinjun, chart 11: The asset quality of Ningpo Bank.