Ningpo Bank, quick review: scale up, speed up the recovery, quality of assets to a good base.
The Ningbo Bank (002142.ch/RMB20.08, boosted) is deeply plowed in the local area, where the vibrant private economic environment has laid the foundation for the development of Ningbo Bank. Companies’ profitability remains excellent, their performance has increased rapidly, and their roe levels are maintained at the top of the industry. The company’s retail operations have grown up in the Ningbo region earlier.
A good customer base, as a whole, is at the forefront of the city’s comptoirs. It benefits from the return of the local private economy and external trade, the improved economic environment in the region, and the quality of assets at the forefront.
Ningpo Bank released its 2017 performance report, with a 19.51 per cent increase in corporate net profits in 2017. The expansion of total assets accelerated the growth in revenue, and the deposit was shown to contribute to the cost of indebtedness.
By the end of 2017, the size of Ningpo Bank assets had increased by 14.44 per cent, the ring by 7.74 per cent, and the speed of the increase in size, qualification in portfolio investment advisory business + 4.1 per cent, and we believe that the accelerated expansion of size has contributed to the growth rate.
A step-by-step improvement in the net profits of the company, leading to an increase of 16.2 per cent to 19.51 per cent in the previous three quarters. Assets, agile end, good corporate credit demand, and a 3.94 per cent increase in total lending (vs+2.27 per cent qoq, 2017q3).
We believe that the sustained recovery of corporate credit demand in 18 years of steady economic growth and firm growth will support firm size growth. At the end of the debt, corporate deposits are performing well, and deposits are rising from -0.1% in the third quarter, helping to stabilize the cost of indebtedness.
At the end of 2017, Ningpo Bank had a negative loan rate of 0.82 per cent, a decline of 8bps from the end of season 3.
Banks with good lending rate data show that there has been a significant improvement in the rate of bad corporate lending, and that the rate of bad corporate performance is low in the industry, and companies continue to reduce pressure on the quality of good assets.