Ningpo Bank, 2017: Keeping the performance good, focusing on preparing the business for the development of Ningpo Bank, where a vibrant local private economic environment provides the foundation for the development of Ningpo Bank.
The company’s profitability remains excellent, its performance increases and its roe levels remain at the forefront of the industry. The benefits of the warmth of the local private economy and foreign trade, the improved regional economic environment, and the failure of Ningpo Bank are among the first to emerge.
▪ Keeps a good track record, focuses on making provisions for positive performance elasticity, yielding a high yield, and asset quality is at the cutting edge. We keep the company rated up. The pick-up rate is a little warmer, the base tax shield contributes.
The 4.1 per cent level improved in the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of the contribution of a rapid increase in non-interest income, with investment returns reaching 38 per cent, mainly due to growth in base investment. Moreover, tax benefits from tax exemption on base investments led to a 56 per cent decline in income tax expenditure per year, resulting in a 5.3 per cent increase in total corporate profits per year.
The Ningbo Bank grew faster in size in the fourth quarter, with the loan ring growing by 4%. Structural business loans grew faster than individual loans year-on-year.
In terms of debt, Ningpo bank deposits grew by 11% year-on-year, faster than industry, reflecting Ningpo's growth rate.
Banks have a strong local capacity to absorb deposits. Companies have a year-round interest gap of 1.94%, up from 1.92% in the previous three quarters, mainly benefiting from asset end-of-end returns.
The decline of 8bp, which is estimated at 1.06% in four quarters, and the increase in the ring ratio of 91bp, is mainly related to the firm’s seasonal increase in bad recognition and write-offs. The company’s loan rate is only 0.68%, the loan rate is more than 90 days overdue, the difference between the loan and the non-performing loan scissors is only 78%, and the asset quality is at the forefront of the industry.
Measuring the company’s four-quarter credit cost increased by 70 bp to 2.53% on a year-on-year basis, resulting in greater release space for the cost of providing for coverage and loans, which helped to improve performance elasticity.
In view of the positive elasticity of the declining cost of credit to performance, we have moved up Ningbo Bank from 18/19 ps to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.
I'm so excited, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, but I'm sorry.
The net profits of Ningbo Bank increased by 19.5% over the 17-year year-on-year period, largely in line with expectations. The company’s annual growth rate of 7.1%, compared with 4.1% in the previous three quarters, was mainly due to the contribution of the increase in non-interest income, which rose by 20% to 36% in the previous three quarters, with investment returns reaching 38%, mainly due to the growth in capital-based investments (the Bank’s annual growth in investment was close to 140 billion dollars).
In addition, the tax-exempt benefits of base investment also contributed positively to the net profit growth of Ningpo Bank, where income tax expenditure fell by 56% on a year-on-year basis, allowing companies to increase their net profit by almost 20% with total profit growth of 5.3% on a year-on-year basis. The expansion of the ring of scale has accelerated, with deposits growing better than their counterparts.
The growth in the size of Ningpo Bank has accelerated in the fourth quarter, with a growth of 8% over the third quarter, with a growth of 4% in the loan ring and a 13% increase in the year-on-year ratio. Structural corporate lending has grown by 16% year-on-year, faster than the 10% increase in individual lending, reflecting an upturn in the regional economic landscape.
At the end of the liability, Ningpo Bank deposits grew by 2% in the fourth quarter, up 11% in the year-on-year period, which is a much faster than industry, reflecting Ningpo Bank’s relatively strong local capacity to absorb deposits. The company’s annual interest gap was 1.94%, up from 1.92% in the previous three quarters, benefiting mainly from the upward line of the asset end-of-life rate (an increase from 31bp to 4.52% at the end of June, faster than the upward range of 12bp at the end of the liability).
An asset of excellent quality, concerned about the positive elasticity of credit costs, Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.82 per cent at the end of 17 years, a decline of 8bp over the third quarter, we measured a negative production rate of 1.06 per cent for the company in the fourth quarter, and an increase of 91bp in the ring, mainly related to the company's seasonal increase in bad recognition and write-off.
A decline of 128bp to 0.27%, with only 0.68% of loans of concern to companies, a gap of 78% between loans more than 90 days overdue and non-performing loans, and asset quality is among the highest in the industry. In the context of improved asset quality, companies maintain high standards in their provisioning, we measure the company ' s four-quarter readiness levels well above industry averages, and the release space for future credit costs helps to improve performance elasticity.
The Ningpo Bank is home-grown, and the local and dynamic private economic environment provides the basis for the development of Ningpo Bank. The company’s profitability remains excellent, its performance is increasing, and its roe level is at the top of the industry. It benefits from the recovery of the local private economy and external trade, the improvement of the regional economic environment, and Ningpo Bank’s lead in a bad production turn-around, with asset quality at a high level, considering the decline in credit costs.