Liao Morningkay: asset quality is better than that of a colleague, and high-roe leads to high valuations.
Ningpo Bank issued a performance forecast of $25.3 billion in 2017, an increase of 6.91 per cent for yoy, a net gain of $9.3 billion, an increase of 19.51 per cent for yoy, an equivalent of $6.7 billion for q4 seasons, an increase of 17.49 per cent for yoy, and a high level of net revenue coverage. For the future, in a context of steady indebtedness, companies have net interest differentials.
Looking forward to continuing up and increasing profits in the context of improved asset quality, the company’s high valuation of the company’s high Roe and maintaining the buy-in investment proposal. $6.7 billion, yoy up by 17.49 per cent, net gain of $1,966 million, yoy up by 34.01 per cent, and 4q with high performance.
A rapid increase of 19.02 per cent, an increase of 1.28 percentage points in the year to year 2017, and an excellent asset position and adequate provision: in terms of asset quality, due to the overall improvement in the Zhejiang region (as of the end of September 2017, banking and financial institutions had made bad loans in their own foreign currency)
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a. Since 2017, Zhejiang has achieved three consecutive quarters of “double drops” in non-performing loans. Public debt, local debt and tax-exempt revenue have increased net gains: (a) 4 companies outperformed their performance and received revenue
In terms of the cost structure, the overall increase at the end of the 04 round was faster, with a 17.49 per cent increase in the 04 quarter, faster than the 3.54 per cent increase in the previous three seasons, and we expect to be associated with a steady increase in the cost of the corporate liability as a whole, with a widening of the net difference in the context of asset hedge pricing.
In the context of this improvement, the company has increased its level of provision and has been proactive. In 2017, the Ning Bo Bank increased its overall operating profits by 5.47 per cent and pre-tax profits by 5.31 per cent, although the rapid increase in post-tax profits has led to increased tax-exempt investments in public debt, local debt, monetary funds, etc., as well as deferred taxes.
Factors related (especially a significant reduction in income tax costs of 40 per cent) Profit forecasts: overall, the growth rate in corporate performance is at a better level than in the industry, with a high provision providing room for the release of subsequent profits, guaranteed future scale expansion, and current corporate underperformance rates
At a lower level. Looking ahead, in a context of stable indebtedness, firm net interest differentials are expected to continue to grow better, leading to high roe in small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and consumer loans, and current stock prices maintain buy-in investment advice for high valuations brought by roe.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual customers. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.