On April 6th, the company announced that the National Drug Control Service had issued a growth hormone injection for the Golden Racers Polyethanol Reassemblementist.
The application for permission to place on the market of the 100-gram bio-banded herpes detoxification vaccine, a company-owned subsidiary, was accepted for children ' s short adaptive conditions arising from the introduction of liquids (54iu/9.0 mg/1.0ml/bottle) in the form of card-form packaging, the reorganization of human growth hormone injection fluids (30iu/10 mg/3ml/bottle) and the addition of children under the birth age (sga).
Long-acting growth hormones have further improved and are expected to expand in the future. Long-acting growth hormones can reduce the frequency of delivery, in addition to the therapeutic advantages of short-acting water needles.
The issuance of the certificate of approval for pharmaceutical products in the form of packaging represents a formal introduction of electronic injection for the long-acting type, which helps to further improve patient dependence.
The water needles are getting better, and the drug population is growing. The company's restructuring of the growth hormone fluids.
In addition, the company's growth hormone product has a number of regulations for treating adaptive disorders such as the special shortness (iss), the Prader-willi syndrome (pws) and so on.
With the inclusion of a priority review, IDA is expected to expand its adaptation in the future to reach a larger number of patients. 100 grams of biological heavy-pound herpe vaccine applications are accepted, and the momentum for growth continues to grow.
Clinical pain in the event of herpes seriously affects the quality of life, and herpes vaccine can be effective in preventing related diseases. Only two msd and gsk herpe vaccines are currently on the market worldwide, and only one in the Chinese region.
It is hoped that a strong performance elasticity will be contributed to the company’s future successful listing. The billion-dollar buy-back program has been implemented, and will be used entirely for the implementation of the company’s and affiliates’ core group equity incentive, mobilization of teams, and the company’s long-term prospects for sustainable and high-speed growth.
Zhao Bowoo Health Insurance and Control Risks; Growth Hormogen Competition Adding Risk; R & D Progress Not As Expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment