On April 27, the company released a quarterly report, which generated business income of 2,975 million yuan, compared to the increase in the previous year.
30.4 per cent; net return to mother, 1.138 billion yuan, an increase of 30.16 per cent in the same year; higher earnings from the non-mother ' s share of the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry, driving the group ' s rapid growth. In 2022, q1, the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry achieved income of 2,648 million yuan, an increase of 43.69 per cent in the same year; net profit, 1,205 million yuan, an increase of 37.31 per cent in the same year.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry overcomes the effects of the epidemic, dynamically optimizes marketing strategies, and new adaptive expansion continues to break out, leading to a number of breakthroughs in R&D progress, and growth drives companies to continue to grow at a high rate of business performance.
Research and development (R & D) inputs have increased in size and long-term growth. In the past quarter, corporate R & D inputs have increased.
Active promotion of innovative R & D projects: the core subsidiary gold-supplier growth hormone product competition with an additional score 3. Launch of a stock buyout programme to highlight high-speed development letters without adding three new adaptive disorders; approval of clinical experiments in the gold-supplicants industry with dairy injections; subsidiaries
The 100-gram bio-banded herpes detoxification vaccine has been issued for admission to the market; the long-acting growth hormone card bottle 4. The Golden Race pharmaceutical industry has grown strongly and the product line continues to be enriched.
- 3rd Quarterly Review of Changchun, 2021.10.30 Water needle adaptive problems are improving and the number of potential patients is expanding.
In addition, the company's growth hormone products are used in a variety of products to treat specific shortness (iss), prader-willi syndrome (pws) and so on.
With more patients covered, the market space is expected to grow continuously. Jo Bowoo Health Insurance and Control Fee Risks; Grow Hormogen Competition Adding Risk; Vaccine Sales Not As Expected; and Research and Development
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment