On 20 August 2024, coal grew and grew, with a high percentage of the Association guaranteeing the stability of profits.
26,648 million tons of recoverable stocks of 13,871 million tons, with an average number of more than 57 years of harvest, with a very high level of reserves, of which 16,669 and 14.87 million tonnes/year were authorized and yielded, respectively, 2 mines were under construction, in addition to Xinjiang's reeds, and the Ribble mine in the west of the mountain, which will be completed in 2025 and will involve approvals and entitlements.
In addition, the company ' s participation in coal mines involves 13,59 million tonnes/year, and in March, the group committed itself to injecting into the medium coal energy by 11 May 2028 the shares of the Resource Development Corporation (100% shareholding of the China Coal Group) and the Huayuan Corporation (60% shareholding of the Central Coal Group) with competing interests.
The number of coal mines that can be injected is 14 pairs, with the Sino-Coal group holding an interest capacity of 18.31 million tonnes/year.)
Under the strategy, the government supports the orderly expansion of the industry and the rapid development of modern coal-chemicals, with coal-based cagr producing up to 12.6% of the production capacity in 2014-2023, with an increase of more than 10 pct. Companies own 176/274/1745/45/year of carbon/ polyolefin/urea/methanol/ammonium nitrate.
At that time, the coal-deep processing project under construction in elm forest had high-density polyethylene and polypropylene production capacity of 35 and 550,000 tonnes/year, and was expected to be ready for commissioning in mid-2026; in addition, both the company and the coal group of shareholders were investing heavily in Wang San
Coal Chemical Project, the company's potential for coalization is huge. On the one hand, we can measure the profitability of the independent coal mining power plant, which has a model ton of about 130 yuan/tonne of coal and a return on investment of about 50.1%, while coal ton of about 868 yuan/t of coal, a return on investment of about 50.8%, compared to the guaranteed power supply.
The research assistant, Lujaki Plant, where the Māori return on coal-for-one investment (roe alternative indicator) is almost equal, with a large increase in ton Māori; on the other hand, the company ' s wide distribution of coal-producing areas and high yields can guarantee self-owned coal-forcing industries.
The company’s new construction project, with a single ton of investment and a single ton of coal consumption, has significantly decreased by 24.8% and 46.8%, compared to the first stage of the project.
1. Central coal energy (601898.sh) incident evaluation: an increase in the rate of Māori and Māori per ton and 26.8% of Māori per ton of post-partum polyolefins in special projects, which is much higher than the original dollar, is more than twice the profit from the company ' s combined 1.2 million tonnes/year polyolefin production capacity.
As the company's new project unit investment fell, its contribution to future growth fell, and its profitability was not weaker than that of an independent coal industry, whether for comparable companies or in terms of profitability.
In our view, the advantages of coal integration are expected to increase corporate valuation. Investment proposals: corporate coal owners have internal and external extension, superimplementing the General Association's features to guarantee a surplus; coal production releases drive performance growth; and new projects have long-term capacity.
Review: Performance meets expectations, controlling shareholders increase their commitment to development 1 - Coal Energy: Relying on the Fourth Coal Group, Coal Coal Chemical Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Company, a central enterprise managed by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, is the central public listed company of the fourth Coal Group in the country
China Coal Energy was set up by the China Coal Energy Group on its own initiative in 2006 and was successfully listed in Hong Kong in the same year, and in 2008. The shareholders in the company are the China Coal Group, which achieved 269 million tons of coal production in 2023 and 110 million tons in May 2024, respectively, and ranked fourth among the national Coal Group.
At the end of the quarter, the Sino-Coal Group held 57.38 per cent of the corporate share and the State Finance Committee of the State Council of the Indirect Controlling Party held 52.90 per cent. The Sino-Coal Group had three listed companies with Sino-Coal Energy, Shanghai Energy, and New Pool of Energy, and by the end of the first quarter of 2024, the total assets of Sino-Coal Energy belonging to the controlling shareholders accounted for the total assets of the Group.
37.98 per cent, or 88.66 per cent, of the Group ' s net profit from repatriation, is the core listed company of the Sino-Coal Group. The Māori rate has remained stable as a result of the fall in coal prices of 24q1 company revenues and profits. 24q1, the company achieved business income of 45.395 billion yuan, a decrease of 23.27 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of 4,970 million yuan, a decrease in the same amount.
The company’s business includes coal, coal-chemicals, coal mine equipment, finance, etc., of which the coal business earned $162,253 and $40,476 million in 2023 and accounted for the main business.
In the same year, the coal industry earned $21.337 million and Māori $3.273 billion, respectively, representing 11.10 per cent and 6.75 per cent of the main business. In addition, coal operations were relatively profitable, with slower coal capital spending in 2023, coalization in 2024 and significant increases in chemical spending.
In 2023, of the 15,757 million yuan spent on capital, coal, chemical and electricity, the amount of actual completed expenditure increased by 1.60 per cent over 23 years, of which 7,756 million yuan was spent on the coal programme, representing 30 per cent of the net profit of the mother in the same six-month period.
2 Coal: Intra-life growth continues to grow, with a high percentage of the Association's guaranteed profitability, a large reserves of resources and a large stock of production in the top three listed companies. The company's coal resources are very rich, with 26,648 million tons of resources and 13,871 million tons of available reserves as of the end of 2023, taking into account the available portion.
In sub-regions, the resources of the company are concentrated in Shanxi, Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi, while a few are located in the Xinjiang, Jiangsu and Heilongjiang regions; by coal, the power-driven coal resources of the company account for 89.73 per cent of the recoverables and 7.88 per cent and 2.39 per cent of the coal-free.
Production is ranked third in the number of listed companies, with significant advantages in size and long-term values. The approved and equity capacity are 16,969 and 14.77 million tonnes per year, respectively, of which the approved and equity output is in the process of being constructed is 1.87 million tonnes per year.
In December, 51 per cent of the shares were transferred from Expedition Energy, Shanghai Laureate, to China Coal Energy, in 2023 the Montagnard Mine was awarded a difference of 2,224 million yuan in the price of the transfer of the right to prospecting to the U.S. State capital company due to a contract dispute over the transfer of the right to prospecting, and in February 2024 Expedition Energy received a notice of arbitration stating that China Coal Energy believed that the sum should be for both energy and energy.
At present, the arbitration is still pending, and if the company wins, the interests of the company owners may increase. The company is building two coal mines, with an authorized and equity capacity of 640 tons/year, in addition to reed ditch coal rights and the Ribot mine, which is expected to be operational by the end of 2025.
In addition, the company has prospecting rights in the Sharajida well field, which covers 92.83 square kilometres of land, reserves 1,660 million tons of resources, assesses the utilization of 959 million tons of exploitable reserves, serves 86 years of mine service, and plans to build 8 million tons of capacity per year, which is short-term unexploitable due to overlaps with water protected areas, and hence 2022
Self-produced coal sales have steadily increased, contributing to the construction of mines. With the commissioning of the mother-to-mouth coal mine, the Narin II mine in Mongolia in 2019, the capacity of several mines has increased since 2021, and the year 2022.
In the west, coal mines were brought into production, and company-owned coal production showed a steady upward trend, reaching 1.42 million tons in 2023, of which 123.3 million tons, or 91.86 per cent, were powered by coal, 1,092 million tons, or 1.71 per cent, were refined, with less volatility in overall sales.
In the case of coal, sales have declined faster in the last two years, with companies trading higher in 2023. In 2023, the main companies involved in coal mines were the grass and ditch industry, the China Sky Cream, and the Chinese Jincao coal industry. 21.83% of the total return on investment in important coal-related coal mines, based on China ' s energy equity, amounted to 2,527 million.
RMB, representing 84.09 per cent of the return on investment and 7.65 per cent of the total profit. A high proportion of the ICA, with low price volatility, is the first in the coal-fired profitability industry. 1) Coal power: The Director-General ' s share is more than 80 per cent, and therefore price volatility is weaker than market price changes, in 2023 and 24q1 Qin Island.
In Hong Kong, the price of 5,500 kcal power coal fell by 23.85 per cent and 20.09 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the average price of corporate power coal was 78.16 per cent. In the coal-marketing companies, the scale and price levels of Central coal energy refined coal were in the middle, while the levels of ton Maori and ton Maori were the first, with a comparative advantage and an absolute advantage in profitability.
In recent years, the cost of producing coal has been stable and low. Given the change in accounting that began in 2021, the cost of performing contracts such as transportation costs, port charges, etc. incurred for the performance of customer contracts has been adjusted from “sale costs” to “business costs” projects, and therefore, the cost of producing coal after 2021 is compared with the cost below calibre.
Costs as a whole were higher than before 2021, mainly labour costs and other costs such as environmental recovery and governance costs, security costs, and overhead costs, which remained high after 2021. However, companies did not miss out on optimizing their production organizations, and the share of self-produced coal sales that covered rail transport and port miscellaneous costs changed and pushed strongly.
The cost of materials, transportation, and port incidentals decreased significantly in 2023, as a result of the downscaling of mobile systems and technology. The increase of 6.76 per cent in yuan/tons over the same period was mainly due to the increase in the level of self-defeating and extraction in coal mines, the higher level of remuneration for production first-line teams, and the same decrease in the use of the current period’s special-purpose funds.
China Coal has issued a letter of commitment to avoid competition among its partners, promising to inject into China coal energy the shares of the exporting companies (now changed to “Resources Development Corporation”), Huayuan, and Longification within seven years. Since the assets and shares in question temporarily did not meet the conditions for infusion or were no longer possible in 2021
In March, the Group changed its commitment to inject the shares of resource development companies and Huai Yuan, which have competing interests, into medium coal energy by 11 May 2028. According to statistics, the Resource Development Group has seven coal mines with an approved capacity of 1008 tons and an equity capacity of 7.42 million tons per year, respectively; Shanxihua energy has seven coal mines and an authorized output.
Energy and equity capacity are 19 million and 18.16 million tonnes/year, respectively; if calculated on the basis of 100 per cent and 60 per cent respectively of Sino-Coal Group equity, the Sino-Coal Group undertakes to inject 18.31 million tonnes/year of equity capacity into listed companies.3 Coal industry: resource synergies are significant and new project potential is sustainable
The coal industry can be divided into traditional and modern coal-chemicals depending on the degree of industrial maturity. Our traditional coal-chemical industry developed earlier, in the last 60s and 70s.
With the development of petrochemical technology and the emergence of a global shortage of oil, coal has been given a new mandate as the country's dominant energy source, namely, to produce chemical products such as aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethanol, etc., from which modern coals have entered into public view.
With the increase in the external viability of our crude oil, the acceleration of the development of the coal industry, and the ongoing operation of our modern coal industry model projects during the “12th Five-Year” period, our modern coal industry has embarked on large-scale commercial development and standardization. The new era of energy security is based on policies that have enabled the coal industry to move into an orderly phase of expansion.
1) Central and local issuance of industry rules during the “13th Five-Year” period: 1 Central: 2017. Four demonstration areas for modern coal industry were proposed. On the one hand, increased efficiency in the integrated use of coal as a chemical feedstock, active development of coal-based special fuels, coal-based biodegradable materials, etc., and, on the other hand, promotion of coal integration.
Development, through the construction of large bases, to promote a modern chain of coal-chemicals and to increase energy conversion efficiency; on the one hand, in 2019, the municipality of Shaan Xi Xialin provided for coal mines that had given mining rights, the local conversion rate of coal should be 60 to 80 per cent, and the unpositioned coal mine should be more than 80 per cent; and on the other demonstration sites, it should be more than 50 per cent.
2) The inclusion of “energy security” in the national security strategy was first proposed in 2020: the National Security Act, which began in July 2015, incorporates resource security into the overall national security concept, and energy security is a key component of resource security; in April 2020, the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China convened a meeting based on the “six-stable” macroeconomic policy
For the first time, the “six insurances” were introduced, in which energy security and food security were listed alongside the “six insurances”, which were the basis for the “six insurances”; in the same year, the Energy Act established the status of the energy security strategy in the national security strategy in the form of a law, and the Plenary of the 19th Session re-emphasized the “security of energy and strategic mineral resources”; and in October 2021,
Xi Jinping's Secretary-General has proposed that “the energy bowl must be in his own hands.” The shift in the status of energy security has accelerated. The meeting explicitly stated that “the use of raw materials should not be included in total energy consumption control”; in the same year, the “XIV” Development Guide for Modern Coal Industries proposed the target production of coal gas, kerosene, kerosene and coal ethanol for 2025.
The Circular on Control of Work defines the basic definition and specific scope of energy for feedstock use, thereby removing coal use from total energy consumption control; and in August 2023, a joint circular was issued by departments such as the Development and Reform Commission on the promotion of the healthy development of the modern coal industry, which, on the one hand, regulates the coal market as a priority for the conservation of coal.
The supply elasticity of the chemical coal market, on the one hand, and the strengthening of the planning orientation, on the other, to concentrate the projects on coal and water-rich areas and to promote industrial concentration and the development of parks.
During the “12th Five” period, the early days of the “14th Five” years of the 1980s and 1990s
Our modern coal-chemical industry has entered the stage of large-scale commercial development of Chinese coal-chemicals.
Our modern coal industry has basically built a global oil shortage from coal resources to oil and gas, coal as well as a regulatory operating phase.
With the establishment of the new China, our country was founded in 2021, and the Central Economic Work Meeting clearly proposed the use of raw materials.
Our dominant energy source has been given a new mission, and the first coal-based methanol-to-hydrocarbons project has been commercialized for three major coal-chemicals: Taihara, Lanzhou, and Gilling.
This is the first coal-based conversion of methanol in the world that can be excluded from total energy consumption control.
Base. In 1958, we built chemical products such as aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and ethanol.
In January 2013, the first machines with autonomous intellectual property rights and energy products, such as oil and gas, were used as a model for large-scale hydrocarbon commercialization.
Aromatic Aromatic Hydrocarbons (AAH) demonstration project with Xinxihua electro-magnetium and Xihua has tested coal oil, gas, coal B-di incinerators - the Beijing Focal Plants (PFAs) during the 14th Five-Year Period.
Modern coal-chemicals have thus entered public view, completed as the first coal aromatic aromatics demonstration project in the world.
The rapid growth of the steel industry in the 1960s and 1970s was accompanied by a warming of international crude oil prices and our crude oil prices.
In the traditional coal industry, where there is a significant excess of capacity, the country's coker industry has moved forward with the growth of external dependence and the acceleration of the development of the coal industry.
Coalification accelerated the transition to modern coalization, fast-tracking, coal-based production in various locations, May 2006, methanol-based industrial testing declaration
In November 2020, through a small- and medium-sized nitrogen fertilizer plant, the third generation of methanol-based aromatic hydrocarbons was successfully designed to build large-scale installations.
In the end of the “13th Five” period, the concentration of the country's coal industry, which is dominated by the fertilizer industry, has increased significantly.
Data. With the launch of the first methanol acetylene project in October 2010, we have formed the Ningdong Energy Research Base and the Ordos Energy Chemical Industry.
In the context of our “coal-rich and oil-poor gas” situation, the coal-rich share has gradually increased.
However, our resources are characterized by “coal-rich, oil-poor”, with crude oil imports dependent on 73.0% in 2023, and coal imports dependent only on coal.
9.3 per cent, driven by resource structure, policy support and high domestic demand, the capacity of coal-based hydrocarbon production has increased rapidly, while the share of coal-led line production capacity has risen steadily, with a combined capacity of 45.24 million tons of ethylene and acetylene produced in 2014, according to data from the Beichuan moor, of which 6.13 million tons of coal-based hydrocarbon production capacity and coal-based routes are accounted for.
This compares to 14 per cent; however, looking at data from 2022 shows that the coal route of polyethylene and polypropylene has reached 20 per cent and 25 per cent, and since the main mature production process of domestic methanol is coal, the cto/mto route produces ethylene and acetylene if the indirect coal-consuming capacity of methanol is to be considered for outsourcing.
The share of production capacity can reach 24% and 29% respectively, up from more than 10 pct in 2014. 3.2 Coalification is a strong synergy and is expected to contribute to the increase in construction projects 8.1 million tonnes/year, including holdings, participation capacity 5.7 million tonnes/year, and participation capacity 2.4 million tonnes/year.
Of these, 100% of the construction projects are in progress and 900,000 tonnes/year of polyolefin production capacity. The company currently has nine coal-chemical projects, six of which are controlled, and five are in production and one is under construction.
The project plans to invest 23,888 million yuan in the construction of an intermediate production capacity of 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol, with the final product being high-density polyethylene and 550,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene, respectively, and by-product mixes of c4 and sulfur. The project plans to start construction in 2024 and is expected to deliver and test vehicles in mid-2026.
In 2021, the company ' s Synthetic Gas technical adaptation project, which produced 1 million tons of methanol per year, was launched, which led to an increase in methanol sales starting in 2021, as well as a significant drop in prices and tons of Māori in other coalifications, which resulted in a decline in the price of polyolefin products and in the amount of Māori in 2023.
Figure 33 Coalized products production (tonnes) Figure 34 Coalified products sales (tonnes) Figure 35 Coalified products unit price ($/t)
On the one hand, the current price of oil is high, with the average price of the Brent crude oil futures settlement in 2023 at $82.17 per barrel, and against this background, the FCN data show 2023.
In January-October of the year, the coal-based industry earned $667 per ton, the oil-based polypropylene industry earned $1126 per ton, and the coal chemical industry was economically active; on the other hand, the company sea mine was located in the area of the Xiaoxi forest, combined in 2022, was officially operational in 2023, and the company ' s s coal-based hydrocarbon project generated good industrial synergies.
It should be noted that in 2022, the company ' s coal industry purchased 8.42 million tons of coal internally, an increase of 3.8 million tons from the previous year, while the company ' s own unit cost of polyolefins increased by 8.77 per cent compared to 8.74 per cent in the same year.
Figure 38: Coal-only profits in 2023 (RM/t) Integrated industry guarantees stable roe while contributing to higher performance. In the context of coal companies’ need to guarantee a long-term comparison, the extension of the coal industry chain has helped to increase their profits by 2023 in the Ningxia region.
Prices are measured, and independent coal companies sell tons of coal q5,000 to external power plants and to external coal-chemicals 130 and 309 tons, respectively; however, if it is a coal-combined company with non-pit or pit-pit power plants, it is significantly higher than the tons of coal at the plant. From Roe's point of view, we use "tonnes of coal Maori/tonnes of coal."
Substituted by Roe as an indicator of return, it can be seen that when enterprises build an independent coal mine, the Māori return on the investment that they provide is about 50.1 per cent; if the coal mine is built on a coal-chemical project, the Māori return on the investment is about 50.8 per cent; if the package is a pit power plant, the return is as high as 65.3 per cent; therefore, coal power or coalification is integrated.
Companies and shareholders are working together to increase investment in coal-chemical projects to increase profitability and resilience by extending the coal industry chain. On the one hand, the company’s wholly-owned coal-synchronous company, the Coal-Synchronous Group, in June, was the Chinese coal-synchronous acetylene.
New materials and sub-stream deep-processing integration project tender field design, which currently plans to invest 29,780 million yuan in a three-year construction cycle that will produce 2.2 million tons of methanol per year and convert 1 million tons of new coal-based hydrocarbon materials to coal for high-sulphur coal in the east open-air mines. On the other hand, China Coal has launched several coal-chemical projects, January 2024.
Xinjiang Xinjiang Energy Co. Ltd. initiated a 4 billion-dollar/year coal gas product route social stabilization risk analysis and assessment procurement, with a planned investment of 32 billion yuan;
The first phase of the coal-based project was launched in Baricon, Xinjiang, with a 21-month construction cycle, with planned investment of $1,266 million; in July 2024, the China-China-Kotouk Green and Low Carbon Industry Demonstration Campus was launched with a total investment of more than $18.5 billion; in addition, the industry-based Model Park will have a near-term, near-term, target for future construction.
In the medium and long term, it is planned that the total additional investment in the park will be about 140 billion yuan by 2027, of which the China Coal Group will be about 60 billion yuan, and that by 2030 significant progress will have been made in the construction of the key core areas of the world-class modern coal industry demonstration area, with an additional investment of about 150 billion yuan by 2027, of which the China Coal Group will be about to invest.
3.3 The new project has been fully upgraded and the efficiency of production is expected to increase significantly. The depreciation ammonium coal-based hydrocarbon phase I project has a relatively high share of depreciation amortization. The company ' s hydrocarbon project was completed in August 2014 and the depreciation amortization of the post-coalification industry has increased significantly, from 6.58 per cent in 2014 to 6.58 per cent in 2014.
In terms of incremental costs in 2015 compared to 2014, the cost of materials and depreciation amortized at 41.57 per cent, the depreciation amortized at or above 40 per cent for the company ' s coal-coal-based hydrocarbon phase, and the average of the coal-based industry - the depreciation amortized in the cost structure at 42 per cent.
The fine-up of the coal industry increases the value added of the industry, and new projects are expected to contribute to a significant increase in the Māori rate. Elmforest coal deep-processing projects are oriented towards import substitution and are characterized by higher market positioning and profitability: 1) high-end product positioning: output products include high-end products such as high-density polyethylene, which are sold at higher prices compared to higher prices.
The price of high-density polyethylene from sea petrochemicals and the unit price of the company for the sale of polyethylene can be seen, with a premium of 25.73 per cent for the company ' s products in 2015 ~24q1 high-density polyethylene average; 2) cost advantage of internal settlement: the project was built in the Xianxi forest and was built on the basis of a coal Xi Xin.
(b) Significant decline in investment and coal consumption: the higher unit cost of the company's silvi-salaka-period projects is mainly due to the fact that the coal mine is located in the same area and is owned by the same legal entity.
Because of the early and high investment in the project, the level of single-ton investment in the coal-based sulfon-based coal-based coal-based projects is higher in the industry than in the single-ton investment in the industry. However, the company ' s deep-processed projects have decreased by 24.8 per cent and 46.8 per cent in the single-ton investment and consumption of coal from the single-ton raw material.
The current level of single-ton investment has fallen to the industry’s average. In fact, compared to the details of China’s coal energy, China’s God, and Bo’s new energy projects, although its single-ton investment is slightly higher than 2.3, 16,000, its main product location, the raw coal consumption of single-ton products, the combined energy consumption of single-ton products and energy.
Table 10: China Coal Energy and China’s New Coal Hydrocarbons Project have a similar one-ton investment and technology route, and there is a large difference between Bo Fong and Bo Energy.
A single ton of hydrocarbons would also increase the average of its original acetylene by 248.5 to 1854 yuan, the Māori rate by 19.1 pct to 26.8 per cent, and we expect that the gross post-partum profit from a deep coal processing project in the elm forest would be close to 1.7 billion yuan, which is the sum of 1.2 million tonnes of the original salafite phase and the Montagnard plastics project.
The future of the company's coal industry is more than two times as profitable as the annual polyolefin production capacity (787 million yuan). We use the Chinese coal energy coal industry to combinate the sum/tonne, depreciation amortization of about 1008 yen/t, as a result of the previous calculation of the depreciation amortization of the coal energy hydrocarbon project.
Or more than 40%, so that the actual cost of a single ton of raw materials is either lower than this value, and the depreciation of a single ton is higher. The cost of raw materials or the comparative advantage of a company is higher than the cost of energy, and the cost control capability table is stronger and coalescing is more advantageous; but the depreciation amortization is much higher than that of energy, however, taking into account the company’s comparative advantage.
Investments in new projects have declined significantly, and corporate coal industry will have greater scope for the future in terms of speculatory energy.4 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 4.1 Profit projection assumptions are separated from business
1) Coal-related assumptions: Production: company-generated coal varieties include powered coal and coal-fired coal. 1 Power Coal: taking into account that coal mines in the sea are still in the production uphill phase and that the coal mines in the Antananarivo can be increased.
As we move forward, coal mines in reed ditches and rickshaws will be operational by the end of 2025, and we expect to produce in 2024-2026 2 refined coals: no new coal mines, and production is expected to stabilize. Sales: Corporate coal sales include home-grown coal sales, the purchase of traded coal, and agency sales.
1 Self-produced coal: company-owned coal has a historical sales rate of around 100 per cent, while sales in 2024-2026 were 2 trade coals: coal price volatility has decreased significantly since the second half of 2023 compared to the previous three years, and trade in coal is expected to decrease significantly. 3 proxy sales: lower cost, assuming firm steady increase in agency sales of coal, 2024 ~ 2026
Prices per unit: The prices of corporate power coal, coker production and trade coal vary. 1 Coal power: It is expected to move upwards over the next three years in a context of tight industry supply, assuming that two cokers are fine: the demand for iron and real estate is slowing down and we expect the price of coker production to be largely stable.
3 Trade coal: assuming that the increase in the price of trade coal and the simultaneous fluctuations in market prices will occur, the trade coal unit price in 2024-2026 will be $581/592/604 per tonne. Unit cost: projected increases in labour and other costs will increase costs in 2024 and remain stable thereafter, assuming that
2) Coal-chemical operations-related assumptions: Production: The company ' s ongoing construction project will be launched in 2026, assuming the load rate for the year in which it started in 2026, sales: reference historical rates, assuming 100% for chemical products.
Price: Assuming a different rate of increase in sales of polyolefins, urea and methanol. 1 polyolefins: Considering the higher price of oil prices, which resulted in higher prices for coal-chemical products, and the higher average price of high-end products in 2026, we expect to sell the same amount in 2024-2026.
2 urea: Due to the adequacy of urea production capacity and the fact that domestic supply is largely responsive to demand 3 methanol: as a raw material upstream of polyolefins, assuming that the price of methanol increases at the same rate as that of methanol, we expect 4 ammonium: fully competitive industry, partially overcapacity, and we expect ammonium nitrate units to be sold in 2024-2026
With coal mining and marketing as the main industry, the company has the highest production and sales volume, while the company operates the coal industry, so we've chosen to sell the same amount of coal as more than 100 million tons of Chinese Gods, Xiangxi Coal, Xi Mine Energy, and the coal industry's bountiful energy as comparable companies. In 2023, the company's ps was 1.47 yuan/share.
The value of the shares is 6/5/5 times higher than the average value of a and h comparable companies, and the company's valuation has an internal and external extension of the company's coal master industry and a steady increase in profits is guaranteed by a combination of the characteristics of the association; The synergizing model of tangential coalification helps to improve the valuation, and we maintain a “recommended” rating.
1) The prices of coal and coal-based products have fallen considerably. The company’s main industry is producing and selling coal, and its performance will be significantly affected if the price of coal falls more than expected. Moreover, the production and sale of coal-based products is an increase in the company’s volume.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and observations. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.