Deep series II: Low-valued coal, high-scoring red and high-growth potential Medium-value coal energy (6,1898.sh) Low-valued coal, high-scoring red and high-growth potential. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
China's coal energy is a large coal company, driven in recent years by high- and market-market management policies, with a steady increase in the share of dividends, special-purpose and middle-end initiatives. With coal mining as its main focus, the company is expanding its diversified industries, such as coal, chemical, coal power, coal mine equipment, and new energy sources.
Under each of the three valuation methods, valuations are underestimated and, given the company's future high scores and potential for growth, deserve a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Responsively responding to policies and implementing special red points and medium-term dividends. In recent years, the policy level has continued to promote State-owned enterprises with a strong red points and a strong focus on market value management. In particular, in April 2024, the State Department issued its Opinions on Enhancing Regulatory Protection against Quality in Capital Markets, which clearly emphasized “the disclosure of the division of wealth when entering the market”.
The company responded positively to the call to launch a special distribution programme on 31 May 2024. The annual capital expenditure plan is only $16 billion: three are corporate money and undistributed profits and net repatriation profits.
The margin is still at the forefront of the industry, and the profile confirms the company's potential to increase its share of the bonus.
Two coal mines with an approved capacity of 6.4 million tons and an equity capacity of 3.24 million tons, of which the Lippe mine is located in Shanxi Province, with a construction capacity of 4 million tons per year, with a total projected investment of 9.7 billion yuan, expected to be operational in 2025, the reed coal mine is located in Xinjiang, with a construction capacity of 2.4 million tons per year, and a total investment of 4 billion yuan is projected.
Pilot operations at the end of 2025. A further two-stage project in the ocean is under way, with a planned output of 20 million tons. "In the case of Central Bankers, Coal One" coal power generation, the two-by-350mw low-hot coal power generation project in Antherburg is about to be “double-dropped,” flag 2x
High Growth - Middle Report 2024. 660mw Coal Power Integration Project is under way. Coalification and new energy sector, Xinxi Xinlin Coalization II, officially launched in April 2024, has a planned capacity of 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol, 350,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene.
Special Distribution and Medium-Term Divide, Coal Coal China began the bidding process, with a total investment of $4.474 billion, the construction of 625mw wind power generation, 21,000 tonnes/year electrolysis hydrogen, 100,000 tonnes/year co2 hydrogen methanol.
The risk of information slippage or non-timely updating is likely to be present in the published information used in the study.
1. Company profile: Coal Coal Coal Leader, a large coal company with a “medium-specialized” quality target, “a+h” is on the market. China Coal Energy Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Coal Energy” or “Coal Company”) is China's China Coal Energy Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Coal Group”) in 2006
On 30 June of that year, China Coal held 57.38% of the company's shares and effectively controlled it by the State Council's State Assets Control and Management Committee. Another listed coal company, Shanghai Datun Energy Coal Coal Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shanghai”)
Since its listing in 2006, companies have continued to expand their industrial chains and, by the end of the first half of 2024, they have developed coal-fired coal-fired coal-chemicals-coal mining equipment.
In addition to the expansion of new energy industries, the company has continued to optimize its industrial landscape and to promote the company ' s coal-based whole-sector configuration, Figure 3: The company ' s continued growth since its listing
Annual operating income is higher than $190 billion. Since 2016, the net return profits of companies have been growing steadily for seven consecutive years, with an annual compound growth rate of 38 per cent and a yearly net return of $19.5 billion in 2023, an increase of 7 per cent, a historic increase.
Coal industry is dominated by coal industry, supported by coal industry and coal mine equipment. The company’s main operations include coal, coal industry, coal industry, and the contribution of Maori to coal business since the beginning of the year, both of which are above 80%. Coal industry’s revenue and profitability continued to increase in 2023, and coal profitability determined the company as a whole.
The Māori rate, which has been above 25 per cent since 2012, began in 2021 as a result of changes in accounting standards, contract performance costs, and the Māori rate in the pillar industry is consistent with the corporate Māori ratio as a whole.2 The high-scoring and market value management policy continues to advance, with high-scoring potential
As early as 2006, at a seminar on performance appraisals for the National Investment Commission system, the Deputy Director of the National Investment Commission, Hwang-sook, and the Director General of the National Investment Commission had stated that they had “actively studied ways to integrate market value of listed companies into the central enterprise appraisal process,” but that the market value evaluation process had been managed because of factors such as the fact that the domestic stock market system had not yet been perfected.
In January 2024, the National Investment Commission announced “a further study of the integration of market value management into the performance appraisal of central enterprise managers”, and in a week, the National Finance Committee again stated, “on the basis of prior pilot exploration and accumulated experience, a full roll-out of market value management appraisals for listed companies”, “Quantitative evaluation of market performance of centrally held companies”.
The House of Assembly issued its Opinions on Strengthening Regulation to Protect Risks for Quality Development in Capital Markets, which clearly emphasizes “the disclosure of the red money policy when listed”, and “enhanced regulation of cash transfers from listed companies”, “Development of guidelines for market value management for listed companies”, “promoting the value of investments by listed companies”.
B. Circular on the proposal of the controlling shareholders to implement a special bonus and a mid-term bonus for 2024, committing the medium-term bonus share to no less than 30 per cent. On 23 August 2024, the company issued a medium-term bonus programme, each of which was allocated at 30 per cent of the previous year.
Figure 10: Gross corporate cash shares are rising year by year (including special dividends) Figure 11: Equity rates are rising steadily as companies make a profit - 48 per cent as at 30 June, and are at a low and medium level among the major coal-listed enterprises.
The difference between the 16 billion yuan and the two has increased in recent years, that is, the cash of the currency is becoming more abundant. The fourth is that the value of corporate money and the undistributed profit-to-net profit ratio is still at the forefront of the industry, with the profile proving that the company has the potential to increase its share of the red. Moreover, from Roe's perspective, a larger share of the cash is helping to raise the roe.
3. Coal industry: Newly productive capacity can grow over time, with the Association of Senior Governors making good profits 3.1. Coal resources are abundant, and the company leading the listed coal company is rich in coal resources, mainly powered coal, and is well distributed. As of the end of 2023, China and China had coal energy sources.
Coal resources amount to 26,650 million tons, after China’s Shinhua and Xiaohua, where coal power is the main resource, with 23,633 million tons or 89 per cent of the resources, 2.23 billion tons or 8 per cent of the coal refined, and 790 million tons or 3 per cent of the coal-free resources. At the same time, Chinese coal energy has the highest available reserves of 1.87 billion tons of coal in the same industry.
Billions of tons, with 33 per cent and 19 per cent of resources, respectively.Figure 18: Coal resources predominantly powered coal.Figure 19: Coal resources are concentrated in the Shinmong region.
The company’s largest mining area is located in Jinbei, one of the country’s 14 large coal bases.
The development was carried out by the Plains Group, of which the Antherburg open-air mines, the Antananarivo open-air mines and the East Open-air mines were among the largest open-air mines in China, with capacity of 20 million tons, 25 million tons and 30 million tons, respectively, with a combined capacity of 10.7 million tons. The coal resources in the rural areas are the country’s low-sulphur, very low-phosphorus, high-quality coal-refining resources.
The total capacity is 11.7 million tons for Chinese coal, including the Wang Jiaxing mine. In Jiangsuzhou, located along the eastern coast, it is one of the few nearby industrial centres and the Chinese-dong coal-consuming areas, with a combined capacity of 7.49 million tons for Shanghai Energy Corporation, including the Yao Bridge coal mine. The NeoMondoshugilet mine is China.
One of the most important high-quality power coal bases is the North-West Energy Corporation, which includes the Narin River II and the Madu, with an equity capacity of 146 million tons per year, and two coal mines are under construction, with an approved capacity of 6.4 million tons and an equity capacity of 3.24 million tons.
The mine is located in Jin City, Shanxi Province, where the coal is smoke-free, and the project is implemented by Sino-Chinese Sino-Chinese Sino-Chinese Company Limited, with a total estimated investment of 9.7 billion yuan per year, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2025.
In the next two years, the combined capacity is expected to increase by 6.4 million tons, with a total of 41.9 million tons of approved capacity and 18.2 million tons of equity capacity.
2 mines with a combined capacity of 25 million tonnes/year in the city of Ordos in Inner Mongolia. 4 mines with a combined capacity of 11.9 million tonnes in the city of Ljulin in Shanxi Province (49%) with a capacity of 5 million tonnes (50%) in the coal industry in Yanan City in Shaanxi Province. 7 mines with a combined capacity of 41.9 million tonnes/year.
In total, the company ' s combined interest is 163 million tons, of which the powered coal interest is 144 million tons, or 88 per cent, and the burnt coal interest is 119 million tons.
The total interest of the company is 3.24 million tons. 3.3. Self-produced coal sales continue to grow, power coal profits contribute significantly. Coal sales as a whole have increased steadily, and the production of home-grown coal has continued to grow.
The sales volume was 285 million tons, of which 134 million tons, or 47 per cent, were sold as home-grown goods, while the overall increase in sales of traded coal has been relatively high since 2018-2023, with a combined increase of 11.3 per cent, including 12 per cent, 8.6 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, in commercial coal, buy-out coal and agency sales.
Coal is the company's most important coal product, which continues to grow in size, and the sale of home-grown coal rose steadily after 2018, with 134 million tons of home-grown coal produced in 2023, an increase of 15 million tons, or 12.6 per cent, in comparison with the previous year, and 134 million tons of home-grown coal sold, an increase of 14 million tons, or 11.3 per cent, in relation to the previous year, with an almost 100 per cent rate of production achieved.
Self-produced coal contributes mainly to Maori, and powered coal dominates. In 2023, home-grown coal contributed 39.5 billion yuan, while the combined sale price of good coal fell. In self-produced coal, the main sources of revenue and Maori were power coal, which in 2023 generated 65.4 billion yuan, or 81 per cent, and Māori, 27.7 billion yuan, or 70 per cent.
Figure 22: Main operating income from coal power contribution, 2023: Major Māori power coal contribution, 2023
3.4 A high proportion of the LCCs have reduced the price of coal by far less than the market price. In 2016, four departments, including the IDB, issued a circular on the issuance of a memorandum of understandings to counter abnormal price fluctuations in the coal market, which formally established the LCCs system.
Using the base price plus floating price mechanism, the green zone is set at $500-570 per tonne. In 2022, a circular was issued to further improve the price formation mechanism for the coal market, which led to a significant increase in the benchmark price to $675 per tonne, with a clear indication of a reasonable medium- and long-term trading price of 570-770 per tonne of coal (5,500k) in the port of Qin.
On the other hand, the price volatility of the agreement was significantly lower than market prices, contributing to a stable sale price of the higher coal business tons, and a 24% decline in the price of the powered coal (i.e. market prices) of the port of Qin in 2023, which fell by only 1% during the same period.
In strict compliance with the National Development Reform Commission’s requirements for the performance of medium- and long-term contracts for coal, the company signed an annual coal purchase and sale contract with key users to determine long-term agreement price mechanisms based on “base + floating prices”.
For advice, ACLU contracts are implemented in accordance with the requirement to sign no less than 80 per cent of the shares.Figure 25: Since 2021, the ACLU has achieved a significant increase of 3.5, cost control is efficient, and profitability is at the forefront of the industry
In 2023, the powered ton of coal was $225 per ton, 42 per cent, and the coker ton was $1084 per ton and 78 per cent. Since 2016, the powered ton of coal has remained stable, and the coker ton has been rising steadily. In 2016-2023, the powered ton of coal gross
In 2023, the Chinese powered tons of coal were 189 yuan/tons, the new energy-powered tons of coal were 184 yuan/tons, the coal-powered unit in the Xinxi industry was 247 yuan/tons, and the Chinese coal-powered tons of coal were at the forefront of the industry, and powered coal, as the company’s main coal species, was relatively profitable.
Coal power has a cost advantage. In 2023, coal powered tons of coal were sold at a cost of only 307 yuan per ton, compared to industry, with coal sold at 405 yuan per ton in the Xinxi industry, 395 yuan per ton in China, and 352 yuan per ton in the new collection of energy, so the cost of coal sold in the same industry was lower in China.
Coal industry: Coalification development, new energy contribution increase 4.1, coal integration is on scale and new projects are planned and built.
In industries such as urea, as of June 30, 2024, Methanol production in the company-owned coal-chemicals project was 3.6 million tons, in the case of polyvinylene, 1.2 million tons, in the case of both polyethylene and polypropylene production, and in the case of ammonium nitrate production, one of the plants. In addition, the company is currently participating in the coal-chemicals project, which has a total of 7.2 million tons of methanol production.