Subsidy is over-expected, making a controlled calculation of the safety of the production of the powerful - the report of the evaluation of China's "603019 " , which was announced on 20 December 2019 and on 2 January 2020, the company announced that it would not be able to do so.
At www.sugon.com and its subsidiaries have accumulated $49,153 million and $74,499,000 in revenue-related government subsidies that have not yet been announced. The cumulative income-related benefits have reached 180 million yuan in the year.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute has repeatedly disclosed outstanding government subsidies, which in 2019 were innovatively high.
The revenue-related government subsidy is 120 million yuan, the asset-related government subsidy is 240 million yuan, and the state budget for the subject is 260 million yuan.
The regional industrial policy subsidies are both the Regional Commission for the Development of New Technologies in the Tianjin Sea and the Regional Council for the Development of Economic Technology in Nanjing.
The initial accounting company ' s revenue-related government subsidy in 2019 has reached 180 million yuan, a record high (130 million yuan in 2018), representing over 40% of the net profit from the previous year.
The “list of entities” led to a seasonal slowdown in revenue growth, and government subsidies supported companies at a difficult time. The 2019q3 company generated $6.78 billion, a 24.2% increase over the same period, of which q3 received a single-season revenue.
The effect of this month's U.S. bis listing of companies on the list of entities has become apparent, with supply chains being hit in the short term, while panic and client-to-client transmission has led to a slowdown in the growth of high-end computers/server sales _aaa_q3 seasons
The company is a leading manufacturer of high-performance computers in our country, and it has a strategic role in the Sino-American technology game. The US blockade has also demonstrated its technological/industrial advantage. In the second half of the year, in the face of the embargo, the company has been actively adapting its supply chain programmes to weaken the edge.
The international impact of the evaluation of the aa_medium 603019, which was first covered by the _aaa_medium 603019, while strong subsidies at the government level were also effective in supporting the company ' s profits.
The 2019q3 quarterly report shows that the company has received a government subsidy of $120 million. This upgrade is a further demonstration of the country’s commitment to the area of safe and manageable calculations for the production of powerful countries.
Kwok Wenbin, Xu Weibin, National Production Safety Control Core, Sealight Chip Gradual Production addresses upstream supply core questions.
Question. The company, which is the only industry in the country with a whole chain of information technology (IT) that covers “chips and clouds”, has been approved in recent years for projects such as the National Centre for Advanced Computing Innovation, the autonomous and controlled advanced computing machine, the development of an advanced national production security and controlled computing system.
In the second half of 2019, the impact of the US “list of entities” became apparent, but companies were active upstream in responding to supply chain crises.
The machine, and by initially addressing the human condition of the core chip through the mass production of the sea light chip. The 2019h1 sea light information (association) generated income of 230 million yuan, an increase of 99.1% over the same period; the net profit of 70 million won, a significant loss over the same period.
The impact of the US-based technology blockade has been weakened, and companies’ autonomous control technologies have been continuously upgraded. Global server markets have emerged, and server use is expected to boost company performance.
By contrast, idc revealed that the 2019q3 global server had a volume of 3.07 million, a steady increase of 3.0% compared to the growth rate, showing a favourable demand spread.
The company is a major domestic server producer, with 2019q3 accounting for 4.0% of the market for x86 servers, and is expected to realize the logic of the industry. Moreover, the company, as a national super-counting leader, is expected to benefit from a new round of government.
Inputs into the political cloud and the centres, high-end state-owned servers and home-grown chips are expected to further expand the city's share of the field with high-end server leader status and national cpu core sealight information, while policy subsidies will absorb the “list of entities” time.
The long-term trend of short-term performance shocks remains positive, maintaining an “upscaling” rating. Risk factors: policy support is not as strong as expected risk, supply chain response programmes are not as high as expected