Central 603019 computer performance exceeded expectations, and its core asset status highlighted the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: Companies achieved operating income of $9.53 billion in 2019, an increase of 5.2 per cent in the same year; achieved net profit of $590 million for mothers, an increase of 37.9 per cent in the same year; achieved net profit of $390 million, an increase of 41.7 per cent in the same year.
Integrative and storage operations grew by 4.2%, 7.4%, and 10.7%, respectively, and the more slow growth in revenue is due to the company’s inclusion in the list of United States entities in 2019, which has had some impact on the company’s operations. At the profit end, the cost rate increased by 2.9 percentage points over the period (mainly by 2.1 percentage points for R & D).
The rapid increase in corporate profit growth relative to revenue is mainly due to an increase of 3.8 percentage points in the company ' s overall Māori ratio (primarily the sale of the company ' s universal server, which reduced the low Māori rate, which resulted in a high performance calculation gross interest rate of nearly 4 percentage points), and an increase in investment returns of $160 million over 2018.
The impact of the list of entities is expected to be phased out, and the sea light chip is expected to produce. The company’s inclusion in the list of entities in the United States has had a certain impact on business, with companies actively and effectively communicating with major suppliers by overhauling the supply chain, looking for alternative components, and effectively securing the supply of most raw materials.
Indications suggest that the impact of the List is expected to be phased out: 1) Sealight Information achieved revenue of $390 million in 2019, an increase of 246 per cent over the previous year, and profit realization reversed from a loss of 36 million in 2018 to 60 million in 2019; 2) the company has increased its research and development efforts based on production servers in countries such as Dragonheart, providing maximum assurance of high performance measures
• A lot of business to bloom and strengthen its core asset position. In high-performance calculations, the company's technology has led to the establishment of a national centre for advanced computing innovation, which is now in Tianjin, Beijing, Qingdao, Kun.
In the field of cloud computing, companies optimized the layout of the urban cloud. In 2019, the company released the cludviewv4 version, and the city cloud revenue grew by $400 million over the same period; in storage, the company already had one in the high-end storage market.
In 2019, it was based on a large list of fields such as rail transport, biogenesis, meteorology, energy, finance, etc. of the boxing product parastor storage system. The net return profit over the next three years will maintain a 34% compound growth rate.
Assets and sea light chips are expected to make a profit elastic mass production contribution over 20 years, while companies are making good progress on urban cloud and storage in the core asset of the infrastructure, thereby maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Asset re-launching (2020-02-21) Scenario 1: subject to the influence of the entity list, the company ' s shortage of chip raw materials led to a slowdown in business growth of 2019, with the physical inventory impact expected to be phased out in 2020. With the growth in capital spending by North American cloud computing giants (Amazon and Google capital is beginning to grow)
After adding up to 5g in the third quarter of 2019 with 32 per cent and 26 per cent growth, respectively, we expect the server industry to turn around: at the same time, at the end of 2019, the company won 1.6 billion high-end computer billboards for high-performance computers in 2020, assuming that 3: the company's high-end computer software development, system integration and technical service operations, including mainly high-end computing
High-end computer software systems, such as software systems, urban cloud computing services, have grown with high-end computers, and the growth of urban clouds has been positive, with revenue growing at 72 per cent and 34 per cent in 2018 and 2019, respectively, and it is expected that the latter will remain unchanged for no reason, for no reason or for any form of direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.