On November 14, the China Foundation reported that Wang Dong, Chairman of the Board, was on the occasion of the Global Innovation Partnership Conference in Tokyo.
I revealed that the 10.5-generation line, originally scheduled to be in production in 2018, will be in production early this December. The world’s first 10.5-generation line, leading large-scale displays of the new era, is 100 million, building the world’s first 10.5-generation tft-lcd project, which is aimed primarily at 65 inches and above.
With an additional investment of $5.8 billion in 2016 and a cumulative investment of $458 billion per month, the largest single-size industrial project in the country.2 As the global panel industry moves towards large sizes, companies lead the industry as well as companies.
The unit is expected to perform in the future as compared to the depth of 300, the capacity is released and depreciation is maturing, and the company is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
\triangleright 1, lcd, oled production capacity is released. lcd: 8.5 generation planning capacity 150 k/month in Fuzhou, expected to contribute profit to the completion of production; 10.5 generation planning capacity of 120k/month compost, expected to contribute profit in 2019.
The profit/loss balance, contributing profits in 2019, is expected to reach production in 2020.2 The company will be depreciated over the next two years and its financial costs will be reduced. Next year's six-generation coupling3 and the company's performance is expected to continue as the productivity of the next two years is released and the cost of depreciation is significantly reduced
The panel industry is leading, active deployment of smart systems and health care, creating long-term development mechanisms. Ihsmarket is the leading global commodity in the world. Ihsmarket released his report in February this year, showing that in 2016, the company accounted for 22.3% of the world ' s output, surpassing Korea ' s lig company, making it top of the panel.
The five panel supply companies are Kyodong (22.3 per cent), lg (21.6 per cent), Yoda Light Power (16.4 per cent), Soda Photovoltaic Power (15.7 per cent) and Tristar Panel (9.9 per cent).2 The company's active deployment of smart systems and health care is intended to be acquired through the acquisition of ses-imagotag.
1. Kyodonga (000725) company reviews: proposed investments, company based on liquid crystal panel masters, active deployment of smart systems and health care, stable for the future.
2. Kyodonga (000725) criticises that the first company in the world is a leading company in the country ' s lcd industry, and that with the release of the company ' s lcd and oled production capacity, the future will be one of the largest in the world.
By the end of the 10.5 generation line, it will be lighted, leading to large-scale 1 and lcd panel price declines; 2 and oled output falls short of expectations.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Baa, and an entrepreneur of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of experience in research in the field of tmt, and a member of the NLD securities in 2016. Zhou Shuu, assistant in electronics research. Bachelor of semiconductor, China University of China, doctor of electronic materials, Beijing General School of Non-ferrous Metal Research.
The key laboratories, which are engaged in research on the microsensors, joined in 2017 with the UDPS. The authors, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seek to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.