Kyoto Easta: 3-quarter performance growth is significant and has been promoted to a large size panel tap on October 25, 2017.
Incidents: Kyotoa issued a performance report fast for the first three quarters of 2017. Yang Minghui ’s performance has grown significantly and dsh’s strategy has worked well in the third quarter.
In the first three quarters of 2017, companies achieved gross operating income of 69.41 billion yuan, an increase of 51.41 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were 6,488 million yuan, an increase of 453.4 per cent in the same period. In a single quarter, q3 companies achieved gross operating income of 24.8 billion yuan, an increase of 27.89 per cent in the same period.
Zhang Qing Quan Quantue is a record high; the net profit on a single quarter belonging to shareholders in listed companies is 2,173 million yuan, compared to the same amount, and the company as a whole insists on pursuing the dsh strategy, i.e. displays, smart systems and health suits.
In three main directions, the display is the focus of the company’s business and the basis for the company’s two other operations. This year, the company has maintained a high market share in its traditional displays, with a rising rate of good goods and production utilization; and a fast-tracking of its intelligence and health services operations, with a new business at present.
The panel industry is characterized by high technical barriers and high up-front inputs, creating oligopoly in the industry. At the same time, the panel industry has a strong cycle, with direct games and competition between the oligarchs, and is counterproductive.
Periodic investments are often the main way for panel firms to change the pattern of competition in their industries. In the wake of the financial crisis, the financial crisis in the Middle East has led to an increase in productive inputs. Three 8.5-bands were built in Beijing, Fertilizer and Chongqing, mainly producing 32-inch lcd screens. As of 2016, the share of the market in the Middle East was already high.
A small-sized panel line, one ltps line, and the new fertilizing 10.5 generation line is now expected to grow, and we believe that the high growth in corporate performance is mainly due to a reversal in the supply of and demand for panels, which has led to a rebound in downstream panel prices and an increase in the productivity of companies; and to increased corporate research and development investments.
In terms of supply and demand, the supply-side tristars, lig, etc. have been shut down, and Sharp has been cut off by a series of events, such as the ban on external supply since Fujimcon, which has led to a reduction in the supply-side capacity; demand has been driven by rising consumption, coupled with the display of panels.
At the same time, the demand side has grown as a result of an increase in downstream applications, such as auto electrons. At the same time, Kyoto’s East has been fast and smooth with new customers, with a marked rise in capacity utilization this year.
The rapid follow-up on manufacturing processes and patents, the long-term depth of lcd in Kyoto East, the accumulation of cultivation and technology in Kyoto East, has enabled companies to produce high-end products such as 55 inchhd, 65 inch8k.
Three-quarterly reports forecast: three-quarterly reports of significant excess value and higher profit margins.
In the short term, the demand for panels has risen with the arrival of the Christmas, New Year's and other holiday-catalyzed home power sales seasons; in the long run, the icd panels have been big-screened and high-end trends have remained unchanged, and 2.
The relationship between supply and demand is relatively balanced, with the higher value-added products produced by the higher-generation 10.5 generation of company layouts, without the panel being promoted to the top, and the performance of the soft-led will be expected to sustain high growth.
The board is now viewed by major cellular end-users for its quick response, quality, high contrasts, lightness, etc., and with demand bursting with the application of iphone x this year, but the supply side is now dominated by three stars for patents, technology, and capacity.
From a patent point of view, the company has spent six years researching the know-how, and has now bypassed the Samsung to become the second largest patent in the world; from an equipment point of view, the company has acquired the equipment and has signed a long-term supply agreement for the production of the best-quality equipment, such as a fine plating machine, a printed metal masked version in Japan; and from an output point of view, the company will be able to form a long-term supply agreement for the next two years.
Each has two six-generation soft-led production lines with Mingyang, which will bring a total of 96k monthly production capacity to Kyoto; by the end of this year, the company’s completion project is expected to achieve production by the end of this year and to start supplying domestically produced mobile phones. Overall, the company’s niche is clear, and is expected to continue to benefit.
It is expected to go beyond lgdisplay and become the second-largest singled panel producer in the world after the three stars. Moreover, in terms of downstream demand, the largest consumer electronics market, the company ' s lcd panel has already entered a customer supply chain system, and the entry of unled products is expected.
The Icd panel price is down, and the oled production capacity is not as high as expected.