The performance of the lcd and amoled industry leaders continues to grow at a rapid pace.
On the evening of 30 October, the tri-quarterly newspaper and foreign investment announcement for 2017 were issued in Kyoto Eastern: (1) the company collected $69,408 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 51.41 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $6,476 million, and eps was $0.17. (2) The company intends to establish a spv for collection through full-owned subsidiaries and ses management funding.
Purchase of ses-imagotagsa 50.01 per cent of shares, resulting in consolidated financial statements for ses.q3 performance was as expected, with net profit increasing by 453.51 per cent 1. Company 2017 o3 performance forecast: projected net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies from January to September
2. The growth in the first three quarters is mainly due to the increased industry climate in the panel area, which benefits from the depth of the company as a leader in the domestic industry, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year. The company is expected to continue to grow rapidly over the next two years, with the release of capacity and depreciation expiring over the next two years.
\triangleright 1, lcd and oled are being released.
A profit/loss balance was achieved in 2019, with the Tsangyangoled production line expected to be in production by 2020.2 The company’s production line has been depreciated over the next two years, and the financial costs have been significantly reduced. The company’s six-generation line of fertilizer is depreciated over the next year, with cost savings of around 1 billion dollars, and the 8.5-generation line of Beijing in 2019 has been depreciated over the next two years.
About 2 billion dollars.3 With the release of productive capacity over the next two years and a significant reduction in depreciation costs, corporate performance is expected to continue with the deployment of smart systems and health care and the establishment of long-term development mechanisms
\triangleright 1, m-brain projects that global electronic shelf labels will grow at a rate of 30% per year from 2017 to 2020, and that intelligence can translate into future retail market developments.
1. Kyoto Orientala (000725) company review: " To invest in 2 and the domestic health services industry into a new phase of development, becoming an important engine for economic development.
The announcement on the occasion of the launch of the Digital Medical Centre, which is active in the distribution of health care, is to invest $6 billion in the construction of the Digital Medical Centre to “build the leading digital medicine centre in the country” (2017.10.19)
2. Kyodonga (000725) is to be evaluated: the end of the world ' s first 10.5 generation will be light, leading to large sizes.
3. Companies provide a solid foundation for future stable development through deployment of intelligent systems and health care. 2017.10.9 Shining the New Age, a leading company in the domestic lcd industry, will be released as companies release their production capacity.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Ph.D., China Oil University Business School, Mina Director, and Central National University entrepreneurship mentor; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the tmt field, allied Chinese securities in 2016.
Zhou Shuu, Electronic Research Assistant. B.A., Semiconductor, China University, Doctor of Electronic Materials, Beijing General School of Non-ferrous Metals Research.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,