The world's first 10.5 generation will be lit by the end of the year, leading to a large-scale new era with a summary review/electronic component that is expected to light at the end of the year, in the near future, in view of the news coverage of 10.5 generation in the east of Kyoto.
At the end of the world's first 10.5-generation line, it's going to light up, and it's going to show a new era in size.
The company began investing $40 billion in compost in 2015 to build the first global 10.5 generation tft-lcd project, mainly for 65 inches and above, with a design capacity of 90,000 units per month; in 2016, the company invested an additional $5.8 billion and expanded 30,000 units per month.
The company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as the global landscape improves. The company’s first screen, full-scale production and delivery of Hov, begins in July, and full-scale market penetration accelerates.
The Unit, compared to the 300-deep trend, has produced a full volume of material in July of this year.
This year, mobile phone manufacturers such as hov, mill, and lg accelerated their push for a new full screen, which is expected to increase from around 10% in 2017 to 2% in 2018. We believe that with iphonex's full screen for the market, full screen penetration will increase.
The company’s ability to concentrate in Korea, where the company’s productive capacity is expected to grow ahead of time, and its elastic performance is expected to increase.
1. The output of the olid is concentrated mainly in the three stars and the lg in Korea. Currently, the three stars are the largest supplier of small amoled panels, accounting for more than 95% of the market share, and have completed production capacity of more than 165k/m for mobile phones of around 135k/m, 105k/m for apples, and 180k/m for future production.
Two projects, Chengdu and Siangyang, have planned a combined production capacity of 96k/m, of which the production of Chengdu amoled is expected to be achieved ahead of schedule. The company’s 6th generation of amoled fully flexible production line, which was launched domestically, began production on 11 May this year, and is expected to produce more in October this year.
3. We believe that the iphonex shift to the oled panel to effectively boost the demand for the market for the oled, which is expected to increase from 3% in 2016 to 19% in 2020. As the Chengdu+Sun project continues to work, companies will become more resilient in the future.
1. Kyodonga (000725) Company Review: Measuring companies are leading companies in the lcd industry in the country, with the volume of the company's full screen and the market prospects for the oled market
Amoled is expected to stay ahead of schedule and keep the industry in the lead.
The company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized and the team leader is Jung Ping, tmt. The People ' s University of China has a doctorate in management, a master of ba from the China Petroleum University Business School, and a mentor at the Central National University for entrepreneurship for nearly 10 years.
Research experience in the tmt field, in 2016, with UDPS. Zhou Shuu, an electronics research assistant. B.A. in semiconductor, China-South University, Doctor of Electronic Materials, Beijing General School of Non-ferrous Metals Research.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.