In the evening of October 19th, the company issued an announcement to a fully-owned company, the Tokyo East Health Investment Management Company Limited.
To invest $3.6 billion in a project to build a digital medical centre in Kyoto Oriental (Changdu). >Investing in a digital medical centre, actively laying out a health-care field. > The company intends to invest $6 billion in the construction of a digital health-care centre (replenishment $3.6 billion, with the difference approved by the project company).
The project was completed at the end of September 2019 and began operations at the end of 2020.
2. The domestic health service industry has entered a new era of innovation and has become an important engine for economic development, and the company is a network company that provides intelligent port products and services for information interaction and human health and works to create a new ecology of “core shield gas/mechanizers and” networking that will show, sense, artificial intelligence and big data.
The Unit compares the trends with those of depth 300: medicine, life sciences, cross-border integration, active deployment of the medical field, which will in the future be a point of growth in corporate performance.
\triangleright 1, a leading company in the lcd industry, with smartphone LCD screens, tablet screens, laptop screens number one worldwide; monitors number two globally;
LCD shows the second largest market in the world. According to the Global Innovation Report 2016 released by Townsend Reuters, the company has become the second largest innovation company in the semiconductor world.2 The full screen of the company has now been officially supplied to Hov in July this year, and the product line of Chengdu amoled is now in place this month.
The elasticity of future performance increases as the penetration rate of full screens and cell phones increases and the company’s capacity is released. The company is the leading company in the national lcd industry, with the volume of full screens and the market prospects for the oled market.
1. The price of the lcd panel fell: 2; the oled did not grow as expected.
2. The People ' s Electronics Industry Event Review: "The Apple Investment in olid, iphone 8 Production will go smoothly."
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as follows: head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China.
Zhou Shuu, Electronic Research Assistant. B.A., Semiconductor, China University, Doctor of Electronic Materials, Beijing General School of Non-ferrous Metals Research.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,