We'll publish a 2024 production guide that's expected to be the top ten copper producers in the world.
Liu Meng Yi Ka Fong Bian Company Bulletin: On 19 January, the company published guidelines for the production of major products and the volume of trade in kind in 2024, and its copper and cobalt production continued to grow at a high rate.
National belief in metals: With the completion of the tfm mixed mining project and the completion of the kfm phase, the company has been in the production release year since 2023, the few companies that have maintained high copper growth in large global copper mining companies, which will double their copper production in 2024 compared to 2022, increase cobalt production by 200 per cent, have the world ' s top copper cobalt mines, and build and launch two world-class projects that will double the company ' s copper mineral volume in two years and provide high performance elasticity to copper prices.
On 19 January, the company published guidelines for the production and physical trade of its major products for 2024, and the company ' s copper and cobalt production continued to grow at a high rate. According to the guidelines, the volume was 5-6 million tons. Of these, molybdenum, tungsten and tungsten were faced with the aging of mines, and the company was able to mitigate production decline through technological changes; the production of americium, phosphorus and phosphorus was stable; the volume of trade in metal trading plates depended on the arbitrage of the annual non-ferrous metal market, and the new ceo was appointed last year to drive the structural weight.
As the top ten copper producers in the world, the world's first cobalt producer, according to corporate guidance, doubled copper production in 2024 compared to 2022, increasing cobalt production by 200 per cent, relying mainly on the tfm mixed mining project and the kfm phase. By the end of 2023, five tfm production lines had been completed and 20 million tons of ore could be disposed of each year, while kfm achieved.
Total production, approximately 14,000 tons of copper per month. The company ' s copper production capacity is expected to reach 600,000 tons and 90,000 tons of cobalt by 2024.
The Luoyang industry, a few of the world’s large mining companies that maintain a high rate of copper production, has rapidly upgraded its position in the global copper industry. According to forecasts, the Luoyang industry became China’s second largest copper producer in 2023, close to the world’s top ten copper producers, and is expected to enter the top ten producers of the world in 2024.
The construction and commissioning of two major world-class projects has doubled the volume of the company's copper minerals in two years, allowing for high performance elasticity in copper prices and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The risk of large fluctuations in copper prices, the risk of changes in mineral policy in resource countries, the pace of new projects less than expected, and macroeconomic systemic risks.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject