On November 9, the company announced that the company and its controlling subsidiaries were receiving earmarked funds and investing in Yuan Wai-jin.
Policy subsidies to stabilize operations and contribute to high-end market layout Basic data (2019q3) Corporate main integrated circuits, separateware encapsulation and testing, downstream products covering radio frequency
Chips, power management, cpu, gpu, etc. Storage chips, etc., are known as Global Seal III in 2018. The company is active in the packaging of crystal crystal circle seals and system-grade envelopes, which reached 87.64% in 2018.
The boom in the areas of networking, autopilot, etc., the computing power of the terminals requires moving forward, and there is a growing demand to optimize the computing power of the terminals on the basis of system-level envelopes at a time when Moor's laws are moving slowly. On the other hand, smartphones and wearable devices are increasing their functionality.
The trend towards miniaturization has further increased the high integration of electronic components, which has become another important driving force in the development of the advanced encapsulation industry. The company’s annual subsidies cover central and local financial allocations, subsidies for research and development of high-tech technologies, co-financing of downstream clients, equipment subsidies and talent incentives.
Various types of subsidies are important for companies to stabilize their operations, take up technology highlands, and win market shares. Trade-environment disturbances bring about autonomous and manageable historical opportunities for growth and transformation.
In China, for example, in 2018, the company purchased semiconductors for more than $21 billion, based on the industry's experience of semiconductors, which estimated the cost of the containment areas to be $30 billion, and the associated costs.
This will lead to a new round of upgrades as the global 5g commercial cycle begins. Companies have good technological deposits in smartphones and radio-frequency chips, and, in a context of emphasis on autonomous control, companies are actively laying out related production capabilities, and future product structures will continue to improve.
Starcom’s business lines are being adjusted to speed up performance, leading to overall improvements in corporate profits. Starcomb was acquired in 2015 and the main product is concentrated on mobile communications.
The Division speeds up the consolidation of assets and functional collating with Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing and Hsing.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.