q3 profit release meets expectations, long-term sound growth logic remains the same.
• A single-season increase in the Māori rate leads to a high profit-end increase, and the level of cost control is stable. The decline in the recovery rate may be explained by a larger and larger base of projects identified for q3 income in previous years, but a billion yuan increase of 44.57 per cent over the same period, with single-q3 net profits increasing by 51.44 per cent.
The main reason for this is the increase in corporate overall Māori ratio: higher automation, informationization and higher revenue from cloud services in q3 companies resulted in higher combined Māori rates, with a similar increase of 5.18 pct in single-quarter Māori rates.In terms of costs, sales/management/R & D rates changed in the previous three quarters of the company.
• The continued expansion of demand for iron and steel manufacturing and the long-term growth logic of automated information have not changed, as the BMW Group’s business development and the growth of demand for intelligent manufacturing have led to higher levels of business income, such as corporate automation information. In recent years, the BMW Group has been collecting revenue along with the supply side of the steel industry.
Mergers and acquisitions continue, successively receiving and buying steel, such as horse and steel, tooth steel and mountain steel, and the growing power of group steel production and scale of operations create new demands for the intellectual transformation of the group as a whole.
plc products, the rare integrated solution provider in the steel industry covering the entire process of l1-l5, with too much technical strength; 2) strategic dimension: companies, as the Information Automation Subdirectorate of the BMW Group, will benefit in the long term from a large number of smart manufacturing project orders resulting from BMW mergers and acquisitions.
In August of this year, a merger of the Majiko, formerly an information-based subsidiary of Ma Chiko, was completed, and in 2020 the BMW positioned it as a second strategic base for the information industry in the long triangle region. By the time the merger is completed, the BMW will further open up the strategic layout and expand its operations.
..idc continues the national layout, the capacity to release a new round of growth, and the company continues to focus on the national layout of the idc, with a net increase of $559 million in the construction of 2021q3.
In Yuan, we assume that there has been an increase in investment in the construction of the five phases of Treasure Cloud idc. According to the In-depth Report of Corporate Investors _ Industrial Software Series XV: Questions and Answers Platform, the implementation of the fifth issue of Treasure Cloud 1 is currently in progress.
Treasure letter software (600845): Wen Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei We Wei We We We Wei Wei We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We
In 2022-2023, the increase in the number of cabinets is expected to lead to a new round of energy releases. Moreover, the regional layout of the Division has expanded from a long triangle to China, China and North, the long triangle data centre, and Maysanki.
Project idc continues to be built, with business growth within five years with a view to investment opportunities in industrial software: production controls; Treasurestone software, as a leading industry in the fields of deep-dry iron and steel informatics, industrial software, etc., is expected to endure in the long term.
In addition to the new demand for smart manufacturing generated by the takeover of the BMW Group and the entire steel industry, while the Public Administration has continued to lay out the idc project, the size of the company’s revenues is expected to be less than expected with the arrival of the BMW Five and so on.
2) Industrial Internet platforms are not as advanced as expected; 3) idc cabinets are mounted and follow-up needs are not as high as expected. Contacts: Zhao Yang, Xiamen University, eight years of experience in industry and securities, and have worked in Ni, Keysight.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.