Performance performance is bright and changing, leading intellectual production, with current revenues of $7,405 million, an increase of 23.63 per cent (after adjustment) over the same period, resulting in a net return profit of 1,415 million, sustained high performance growth, accelerated layout intelligent manufacturing, and sustained advancement of the idc project.
According to the company announcement, in August 2021, the company completed the same controlled M&A MJM Information Technology Co. Ltd., restatement of the previous comparative consolidated statement in accordance with accounting standards and information disclosure requirements. After the adjustment, the company achieved a revenue of 2,531 million yuan in q3 in 2021, an increase of the same amount.
6.32 per cent long, resulting in a net return of $470 million, an increase of 51.44 per cent in the same year, an increase in the demand for non-repatriation manufacture, higher rates of corporate Maori automation, informationization, and higher revenues from cloud services operations;
2. R & D costs plus deductions for policy changes result in lower income tax costs on a year-on-year basis and higher net profits. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved 706 million yuan in construction work, a higher increase than at the end of 2020, mainly due to the advancement of the Five Phases of the Treasure Clouds project; in the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s R & D cost was 7.34.
In the case of idc, where the company's idc projects in the core areas of Shanghai, Dawa, Taikura are progressing steadily, in the recent period, the state has severely checked the non-compliance idc, adding energy consumption restrictions, and the company will benefit from the core as the idc leader. In the case of software operations, the company ploughs “intellectual manufacturing + industrial Internet” from the mes, rp, etc.
The Treasure Software Depth Report: From three pre-bi industrial software to large plc in the metallurgical industry, the large plc threshold for the metallurgical industry is high and the period is difficult to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital dragon.
Large, the company, as the country’s first-larger plc company, has amply demonstrated that its industrial control and intellectual value is 2021.1.30. The manufacturing sector is already leading the country. From the space of the plc control system, the BMW market.
20 billion in space, 200 billion in the metallurgical industry, and the company's potential to expand its space from one side to the next, is expected to lead the company to a two-fold valuation + profit-making Davis.
Itd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City, has released large plcs from the metallurgical industry, which are ready for launch by smart-manufacturing taps.
After 10 years of research and development, the company officially released large plc products in the metallurgical industry this year, and we believe that the release of the Xinplc product is of strategic importance, meaning that the Quest has gradually turned into a leading intelligent manufacturing enterprise.
Corporate industrial software cannot be valued for two main reasons: 1) the company relies primarily on the martial arts and steel industry, where the market considers the market to be relatively homogeneous and where the market space has ceilings; and 2) corporate industrial software, which is predominantly mes, bi, erp, etc., which calls into question the capabilities of corporate industrial software.
We believe that the release of the big plc product of the Treasure is equivalent to proof that the company has a leading position in the field of industrial and industrial software in the country, in terms of two dimensions: 1) the large plc threshold is high: the large plc is very demanding for stability, it is very important to have customers willing to accept, in addition to the technical difficulties, and the large plc market share in the country is basically in the hands of the large plc market.
In the hands of Euro-American companies like Siemens and Schneider, the plc industry is relatively mature, and the average firm is not willing to change plc easily because of its business stability. For Bo-Sin, Bo-Wu became a natural customer for the development of Bo-Sin-Sin-plc products and, after 10 years of testing, casts it into a uniquely competitive position; 2) the steel metal industry has a high plc threshold: in all cases
In the industry, the requirements of the steel metallurgical industry plc for accuracy and stability can be set at the top, and for the Treasure, the ability to do the steel metallurgical industry plc means the ability to expand across industries. The distribution of the large plc in the Treasure Iron and Steel industry is proof of its own industrial software power.
Sequence, horizontal and industry-wide expansion, we believe that there is an urgent need to re-evaluate the Treasure Industries software, raise future profitability + valuations, sustain industrial Internet operations, and benefit from the carbon neutralization strategy \triangleright
The company's reliance on the largest steel conglomerate in the country as the leader of the domestic steel industry software has been gradually recovering since 2016, and overall profitability has improved steadily, enabling steel companies to adapt their old information and automated systems; and, at the same time, the pace of arms mergers and acquisitions is accelerating, with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of precious weapons and the expectation that the need for informationization and automation will continue to ease.
Release; in the context of “carbon neutrality”, steel companies are under tremendous pressure to transition and upgrade, and steel companies are also able to invest capital in the adaptation and layout of the industrial Internet, opening up long-term space for industrial Internet operations by companies. In 2020, the company Emeritus of the ITU “E-Info Industry 2020” was officially launched through the Institute of Information and Communications.
The Operational Integration (Davops) Capability Development Model, a continuous delivery standard level 3 assessment, became the first industrial software enterprise in the country to adopt the standard: two industry apps were evaluated for “Industrial Internet Excellence Solutions 2019” and the first “Information Systems Building and Service Capacity Assessment (Cs4)” was successfully implemented.
In January, the autonomous industrial Internet platform xin3plate was released, while the development of the big data "5s" component was advanced, and the demonstration project for the Iron Smelting Interconnection Control Platform (Honkers) was completed: the Biewu Institute for Internet Research in China and the Bokwong Data Centre in China were established early this year, and the Bok-Sung co-located to coordinate the design of the Biew Industry Internet framework and forward technology development.
With the strong R & D power accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and with the professional experience of the steel industry, autonomous R & D industrial Internet level and artificial intelligence center, with iplat and eplat as two wings, active construction of the iron and steel industry Internet biosphere opens up new growth paths and wider development space for future development.
\triangleright, where we report in depth on the Treasures software, "Long-term certainty value of the new capital dragon from three major expectations" clearly emphasizes that, in the light of the fact that it is not possible to use it as a tool, the idc has a unique capacity, a country's core location, and its potential for expansion.
Markets usually attribute the reasons for the success of the Treasure in idc to a single endowment of resources, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the Division's unique idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”. 1) Seen from resource endowments, companies have unique resource advantages in terms of land, water, electricity, energy consumption, etc.; 2) labour.
In terms of software capabilities, the company is the only one in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (with an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the city to be computerized in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development), and it gives the company excellent cost control, robust maintenance, and a high-quality engine room.
It is highly recognized by Shanghai’s city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. The company’s strategic development approach is clear, and it insists on a self-building model that sustains a diversified range of high-quality clients on the front line, while at the same time developing a large customer base business with a strong potential for expansion and profitability.
1) Professional Design and Construction Team - Full capital subsidiary, Metsan Design Institute, idc Team: Most third-party idc enterprises in the market rely mainly on external design and construction teams to carry out idc design and construction work, while the company has an independent and professional design and construction team and a fully-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Maysan Industrial Civil Engineering and Engineering Research Institute Limited, holds national metallurgical engineering facilities
Several certificates of qualification, such as for class A, architectural design level B, and pressure pipeline design. 2) Industrial software is strong, informative and automated: companies have strong software development capabilities, and systems, such as mobile loop monitoring systems, dispatch systems, etc., are developed independently of the company.
3) Energy-efficient abatement technologies are strong and effectively reduce the cost of electricity: idc energy savings are mainly based on the design and operation of structures, companies are ahead in technology, idc is ahead in the energy-efficient abatement technology industry, technology leads effectively reducing the cost of electricity and put values for companies at the lowest latitudes, and according to publicly available data, the average amount of pue on corporate idc projects is 1.3-1.4, in part
In the range of 1.2-1.3, liquid cold technologies reach close to 1.1 levels: 4) technological power is high, leading the way to the adoption of state-of-the-art technologies in the market: taking the lead in large-scale use of high-pressure straight-flow techniques in the market, i.e., communication is converted into direct flow, direct supply of int equipment, while traditional ups systems are converted into direct flow, then through
Direct flow conversion to communication, powering computer equipment, with a reduction in a single shift due to high pressure flow, reduces the ability to take the lead in large-scale application of industrial automation-controlled plc technology and cluster control technology to heating systems, to operate systems using natural cooling techniques and to exchange heat directly from outdoor low-cost cold water when temperatures are lower than those in the room.
(a) Reduced energy consumption of refrigeration systems; some use of liquid cooling technologies in the latest planning projects, compared to the conventional evaporation efficiency, significantly reducing the level of energy used by radiating systems throughout idc;
The machine cools at a time when the electricity costs are lower at night, then releases during the day, saves electricity by failing to use energy, water, practical applications of cooling are more difficult, risks are greater, requires a secure automated system to operate automatically, corporate autonomy, develops a secure automated system that ensures the proper operation of the water cooling system in a safe and effective manner, and saves electricity costs.
Powerful transport capability, automated transmission of both power and heating systems, first certified through uptimem&o (data center operations management): the company’s power and heating systems are automated using a fully-inflicted industrial standard structure.
Modified dispatch and wiring without staff intervention; a self-developed operational information management platform, the only enterprise in the current market to undertake full-scale autonomous research and development in the idc field. m&o is a data centre operating certification introduced by uptime, one of the most well-known and authoritative data centres worldwide, with only a handful of companies passing through the country.
This certification. In July 2016, Treasure Cloudidc (part) successfully passed the uptimem&o certification, making the Bo-Sin software the 97th enterprise in the world, the first enterprise in the country to be fully self-executing and once through the certification, and Bo-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si.
The company’s strategic development approach is clear, maintaining a self-constructing model, continuing to expand its diverse and high-quality clients on the front line, with the appropriate start-up of its customer base-type operations, with unlimited expansion potential and strong profitability.
The core regional layout of the North and South China line, which is actively reserveing resources (with more than 10,000 single-point reserve cabinets expected) and moving projects forward, we expect that, starting in the fourth quarter of this year, the capacity of the company to build new cabinets will be released gradually, and that in the coming years production will accelerate the launch of the new cycle, and we believe that the company, as a domestic wholesale idc leader, will be able to develop.
Gold period, with a firm view of the long-term development space of the company, profits projections and investment ratings, as a hard-tech flagship of the scarce deep layout of the country, “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet + idc cloud computing”, long-term success.
Long-term certainty and a firm view of the long-term development space of the company. The company is expected to have a net profit of 1.802 billion idc in 2021-2023, less than expected, less than expected in the build-up and acquisition of BMW, less than expected in the 5g years, and then in January 2021, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, with deep coverage of the idc & cloud computing industry.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering the areas of car networking, networking, operators, Internet.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing, and the Internet. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.