Rapid growth in performance, with a marked increase in net profit ratio - Treasure letter software (600845.sh) tri-quarter evaluation in 2021 Automation, informationization, cloud services revenue growth, and a rapid increase in net return to mothers
In August 2021, the company completed the same controlled merger and acquisition of a limited share of information technology (IT) in Mejiko, restatement of prior comparative consolidated statements in accordance with accounting standards and information disclosure requirements The market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
The net profit earned by the mother is now $470 million, an increase of 51.44 per cent over the previous three quarters. Companies achieved 44.57 per cent of operating income; net operating cash flow was $1,759 million, an increase of 23.45 per cent over the previous three quarters. The main reasons for the growth in corporate performance were: (1) the growth in business development and intellectual manufacturing needs of the BMW Group, and the company ' s growth in business growth.
Higher rates of automation, informatization, increased income from cloud services operations; 2) R & D costs plus deductions resulting in lower income tax costs on a year-on-year basis and higher net profits. Cost rates remained stable, with net interest rates increasing by 2.32 percentage points on a year-on-year basis
In the last three quarters, the company ' s cost rates were stable, with sales costs of $140 million, which is the same increase as in the previous three quarters.
By the end of the third quarter, the company was working on 706 million yuan, an increase of 173.23 per cent from the beginning of the year. With its capital advantages and industry-leading power control levels, the idc operation has opened up a national layout that is expected to be covered for the first time.
Breaking through core technical bottlenecks, large-scale plc products start a new round of growth. According to IQR data, our plc market is growing steadily. In 2014-2019, the market size was high, owing to the complexity of large and medium plc processes and the high demand of users for product safety and resistance to interference.
In June of this year, the company joined forces to launch the first global wide-area clouding plc technology test; in July, the company officially launched a large national plc product that has been successfully produced in multiple production lines, such as steel rolls.
The company Chen Tunan has been working for years in industrial manufacturing, and with the release of large-scale plc products, it's a whole new growth void.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated: idc engine room construction, upswing less than expected: steel industry integration and climate less than expected; industrial Internet business less developed than expected; and plc product diffusion less than expected. Figure 1: Treasure letter software p-band over the past three years
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.