High-end manufacturing to stimulate downstream demand for super-steel, multiple factors that support the company ' s upward valuation 19/02/2019 In-depth study/iron
In the 24 years since its inception in 1993, large smelt steel has never had a negative net profit, a solid profit base. The company’s inventory grew at a rate of -14% in 2018, and began to grow at a continuous rate of negative growth in the future economy.
At the bottom of the economy, asset risk exposure is less likely and companies have a stronger countercyclical adjustment capability. Corporate profitability is stable, profitability is more prominent in the steel industry, and the firm ' s net profit rate in absolute terms was averaged between q1 and q3 in 2018 compared to the median in the industry.
Lower than industry 5.54 pct, so lower than the typical steel sector cyclical properties, significantly less volatile growth rate, profitability median yield q3 values in 2018 are higher than industry median 1.84 pct, and historical data show that net equity returns are more pronounced in the industry.
The value-added value of the proposed M & As remains the highest in the industry. The company’s combined competitiveness or further upgrading of the proposed M & As is China’s special steel technology lead company, with the capacity to produce high-end special steel products.
With about 17% of state-owned steel production, companies will be in a leading position in the industry, competitive in the market, or more. Purchasing advantages in the corporate cluster will also reduce the cost of raw materials, and efficient integration of the industrial chain will enhance the company’s cost-control capacity.
If the merger is successful, it will grow rapidly, on a profitable scale, or on a super-competitive basis. If the merger is successful, the company’s profitability will be significantly increased, with Sino-Stylish steel operating revenue for the entire year 2018.
Quality resources combined with high R & D inputs, companies have greater scope for valuation repairs, and, by contrast with Hong Kong stock-specific steel markers, Shintseng will have the same higher valuation level and far higher value than other companies in the same industry.
In addition, in the context of the country’s promotion of industry upgrading, the value level of the value of the enterprise focused on R & D inputs will increase. Special steel should be valued higher as upstream in many high-end manufacturing industries with higher R & D costs compared to revenue.
S0101,18050012 steel R & D receipts are 4.42 per cent, the highest in the industry, but market returns are much lower than comparable companies, companies still value much more, companies have long-term profitability stable, and future developments in high-end manufacturing will effectively stimulate downstream demand for steel, looking at companies.
The sustainability of profits, in addition to the fact that the company is about to acquire Shining Steel, is expected to increase its overall competitiveness. Companies are expected to be 7.1 times more. Companies are at a historically low level, well below the comparable average, and lowest among comparable companies; pb is also at a lower level in the cycle and below the comparable average for companies and industries. For the first time, coverage is expected to be given.
The prices of raw materials fluctuated significantly, and there was uncertainty in the asset restructuring process. First, the company’s products were internationally advanced, growing to 20 vehicles for a domestic super-styrene lead company and gradually growing to become a super-styrene leader.
Registered on 18th, in the city of Yellowstone, Hubei Province, and approved by the Hubei Province Institute of Physical Rehabilitation, and headed by the Hubei Province Institute of Hydraulics Ltd., the company was set up as a targeted collection, starting with the production of the main part of its business with the East Wind Motors Company and Xiaoyang Motor Axis Company. The company was listed in late 1997 and in October 2005 by the Hubei New Metallurgical Steel Company.
So far, the Great Metallurgical Steel has evolved into one of the largest pure steel producers in the country, technologically powerful and internationally competitive in many products. Figure 1: The history of the Great Metallurgical Steel Development
The Sino-China Group is the only marketable platform for Sino-China steel. As of 2018q3, the share of Hubei New Metallurgical and Steel Co. Ltd. held 29.95%, the company’s first shareholder, and the share of Sino-Tefu (China) Investment Ltd. held 28.18%. Of this, both Hubei and Sino-Tefu (China) Investments Ltd. held 100%.
Holdings, so Big Metallurgical Steel is actually controlled by the Sino-Tefort Steel Group, a subsidiary of the Ministry of Finance, while the Sino-Tefort Steel Group is actually managing the company. The Sino-Tefort Steel Group owns a number of special steel companies, of which Big Metallurgical Steel is the only listed company. The group has a special steel production capacity of more than 13 million tons a year, and the technology and equipment are world-class.
It is currently a special steel production base with large global steel species coverage, wide variety and product categories. It is a special steel production base for alloy steel rods, special medium-sized steel plates, special seamless steel tubes, special smelting, alloy steel wires, concocted gold rings, and other special steel production bases, with complete variety specifications, excellent quality and clear market competitive advantages, with products sold nationally and for sale to the United States, Japan and Japan.
And more than 60 countries and regions, such as the European Union and South-East Asia, have been favoured by a large number of high-end domestic and foreign users.
Of the 23 executives in the company, 15 have undergraduate and above degrees, of which 7 are masters and 2 are PhDs, and the academic background is either engineering or financial or economic. The high proportion of professional staff in management contributes to the upgrading of corporate management and ensures that business decisions are in line with industry development patterns.
Of these, nine were “60” with the highest proportion, seven were “50” and seven were “70” respectively, and the management age structure was olive-like and well distributed. In terms of tenure periods, 10 people had served at the top for more than four years and most of the senior managers had previously worked within the Sino-Thai-Tefu Steel Group, with good continuity in the group’s development philosophy and management style, and stable management helped the company.
Figure 3: Educational structure of corporate management Figure 4: Age structure of corporate management
China believes in the concept of “good faith, innovation, efficiency, transcendation, integration” in order to benefit society, to build environmentally friendly, resource-efficient and socially harmonious enterprises, and to build the world's most competitive super-styrene conglomerates.
The only listed platform, the company, is working to improve the competitiveness of its products by increasing investment in technological R & D and upgrading equipment. The company’s R & D costs rose from 225 million yuan in 2015 to 357 million yuan in 2017, with a growing share of public and technical staff.
The company's equipment and processes are internationally advanced, with a wide variety of products. The company owns Swiss abb's super-power, straight electric arc furnaces, Danellilf/vd furnaces in Italy, rh steel-packing furnaces in Japan, consarc vacuum sensors in the United States, Germany.
With internationally advanced major equipment, such as a Krub arc casting machine, equipped with abb company's automated control and transmission system, ge ultrasound, foerster leaks, computer online surveillance monitoring system. Advanced processes, such as the application of new mold protection techniques, the use of a combination of light-pressure electromagnetic blending and the use of three ultrasound + leaked magnetic seeps to ensure a high standard zero product.
In addition, the company has 16 tons of atmosphere protection slag furnaces, 6 tons of vacuum sensors and 6 tons of vacuum self-consumption furnaces, special smelting equipment, electric hammers, different types of fast exercise machines, 2.5-metre loops, 5-metre loops and high-heat processor processing high alloy steel production lines.
Railways, electricity, chemicals, etc., high alloys are used mainly in aerospace, nuclear industry, energy environmental protection, marine, etc., for model steel, high-temperature alloys, corrosive alloys, special stainless steel, super-high-strength steel, etc., with products covering rods, exercise pieces, modules, rings and cakes.
Corporate output has grown rapidly in recent years, and the structure of operating income has stabilized. As a result of the supply side reforms in the steel industry, companies, as representatives of industry leaders and high-quality production, grew rapidly in 2016 and 2017, with a share of the steel production remaining at a higher level.
In 2017, sales income reached $6,282 million, a year-to-year increase in the sales of axle bearing steel, a year-to-year increase in the sales of $2,213 million, a year-to-year decline in the carbon-carbon-based steel industry and a stable overall structure.
During the first half of the year, corporate products were sold mainly in China to the regions of East, South and Central China, where the share of income was 36.36 per cent, 24.20 per cent and 15.85 per cent respectively. The above areas became the main consumer markets for corporate products.
A comparison of the products shows that three of the seven companies, including Giulite, the Golden Sea Pipeline, the Yongchint Steel, are mainly specialized in special steel product lines, such as stainless steel, brake blades, tubes, spring-and-roll steel, with stable downstream applications but limited in demand size. Siningt steel products are higher in value-added, including high alloy steel, carbon-structured steel, etc.
But products are often transported downstream by rail, with large demand limitations, and are susceptible to policy disturbances that cause fluctuations. From the point of view of products and downstream, large smelting steel is a rich variety of products within the plate, with wide downstream applications and with high value added, high-tech products accounting for the highest proportion of firms, which will benefit most from future growth in the size of demand for special steel.
Table 3: Comparison of the main operations of the company in the special steel industry II. Structural mismatches between supply and demand in the industry, high-end manufacturing stimulating high-addition steel development Special steel with different special properties and a variety of products. Special steel, also known as special steel or special steel, is relative to the general steel.
The concept, which refers specifically to steel products with special physical, chemical or special applications due to their composition, structure, production processes, which are more complex, more technologically demanding, more intensive and downstream than steel, is mainly concentrated in the high end of the defence, electricity, truth, nuclear power, environmental protection, automobiles, aviation, creative, railway, etc.
In our country, special steel types are rich and contain high-quality carbon-structured steel, alloyed steel, carbon and alloy tool steel, spring steel, bearing steel, high-speed tool steel, heat-resistant steel and stainless steel, high-temperature alloys, and precision alloys. The largest group of special steel is alloy steel, which is organized after the appropriate incorporation of one or more alloy elements in carbon steel.
A change in structure gives steel a variety of special features, such as strength, hardness, plasticity, resilience, grinding, corrosion resistance, and many other good performances. Direct sales stabilize the prices of special steel products to withstand down-swinging in the steel industry.
Specialized, product sales usually take a direct sales approach, and prices are determined directly with downstream companies, so the price of steel is less volatile than the price of steel. When steel is made as a raw material for steel, the price of the raw material rises, the cost of production for steel companies rises and the profit margin of the steel industry is squeezed, but it's less favourable in the steel industry.
In addition, the product has a high value added, a technology-intensive product, and a high value added of the product is reflected in the price of the sale. By contrast, the price of the product is 2.5 to 4.2 times higher than the price of the steel.
When the business climate was low, the premium was higher, and against a background of the skyrocketing price of steel from the screws in 2017, the premium for the steel product was only 253 per cent, the lowest since 2012.
Special steel development begins with the maturity of the steel industry at levels that reflect the capacity of the country's steel industry. Special steel is a key material for major equipment manufacturing and national priority engineering, is a high-tech product in steel materials, and its production capacity and application is representative of a country's level of industrial development, and the world's steel-producing countries will have a higher proportion of special steel when steel production reaches a certain scale.
The state-of-the-art level of the steel industry in a country will be as real as the proportion of steel production, the structure of the special steel product, and the quality and application of the special steel. We have a relatively low output of the special steel product, a low-end structure of the special steel product, and great scope for future development.
The share of total iron and steel production is relatively low, with China ' s Industrial Information Network data showing that in 2016 we produced about 3,725,551 million tons of special steel, or 4.61 per cent of the country ' s crude steel production in that year. In 2016, Japan produced 24.34 million tons of special steel, or 22.94 per cent, compared to developed countries, while France and Germany accounted for 15-22 per cent of special steel production in 2011 and Sweden for about 45 per cent.
In terms of the structure of the special steel products, non-alloy steel and low alloy steel are low-end steel, alloy-structured steel and bearing steel, spring steel is medium-end steel, alloy steel, high-speed steel, high-temperature alloy steel, precision alloy steel, corrosive steel, etc., are high-end steel. According to Mystel data, our high, medium- and low-end alloy steel accounted for 3 per cent, 55 per cent and 24 per cent of alloy steel, respectively, compared to Japan for the same period.
High-end alloy steel yields 25%. Our specialty products are dominated by medium- and low-end products, with relatively small high-end products. So, in terms of both our production of steel and its own product structure, the industry is still in the early stages of development, with no significant industrial space, especially for high-end steel products.
The supply and demand of the special steel market are uneven, and there is more room for the future import of the high-value-added special steel. Our special steel sector market has grown in size in recent years, growing at an average annual rate of 7% from 2015 to date, reaching $162.2 billion in 2017, and is expected to reach $174 billion in 2018. The market is created by the large gap between our high-end and lower-middle-end products.
The imbalance between supply and demand between medium- and low-end steel and high-end steel is greater than demand. This imbalance can also be seen on the side of imports and exports, with our steel exports of 6,966 million tons between January and November 2017, a decline of 30.8 per cent compared to the previous period, with the main steel companies exporting 1.61 million tons, a decline of 10.6 per cent compared to the previous period.
Our imports of 12.1 million tons of steel, an increase of 0.6% over the previous year, show that high-end products do not fully meet the needs of the domestic market, are more dependent on imports, so high-end steel has great import substitution space. High-end manufacturing developments support future high-end steel demand growth.
The economic structure has been optimized, the future upgrading of manufacturing will be a priority, and industrial regulations such as China Manufacturing 2015 have also highlighted our determination to move up the industrial chain, with rapid and sustainable development in high-end manufacturing, which is represented by automobiles, energy, engineering machinery, defence force workers, and the nuclear industry, and the country’s unique growth opportunities in demand for high- and medium-end steel.
The introduction of a number of industrial policies, including the “13th Five” National Development Plan for Strategic and Emerging Industries, the New Materials Industry Development Guide, etc., will help the industry to develop in an orderly and rapid manner. The policy will promote the recovery of car consumption, and demand for maximum applications is expected to continue.
Sliding, 28.81 million vehicles sold throughout the year, down 2.8 per cent from 2017, with 4.1 per cent in passenger vehicles and 5.1 per cent growth in commercial vehicles, with only 174 vehicles for a thousand people, about one fifth in the United States, and one in two in Korea. Thus, in terms of vehicle ownership per capita, the country's automobile industry is still in the process of becoming widely available, and future demand for cars is expected to continue to expand.
In addition, the DRC has recently indicated that measures to promote the consumption of automobile products will be put in place, so policies are expected to be effective in increasing the volume of car sales in the domestic market and easing macroeconomic downward pressure. Steel is the main raw material for automobile manufacturing, accounting for 72-88% of the raw materials in the entire automobile.
In the field of applications, applications are widely applied to car-critical components such as engines, gear tanks, axle poles, etc. Special steel is used in cars, mainly in the types of carbon-coated steel, alloy-structured steel, spring steel, gear steel, easy-to-cut steel, cold steel and heat-resistant steel. Figure 14: Special steel products used in cars
The share of clean energy in electricity generation has continued to rise, and non-fossil energy generation has gradually released demand for special steel. Our energy sources have long been dominated by fossil energy sources, such as coal and charcoal, which are the main forms of energy in the country, with a relatively low share of clean and new energy sources and an irrational energy structure.
During the period of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan and the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan, the share of electricity generated by fire and electricity dropped from 73% to 67%, while the share of wind and nuclear power increased significantly, from 4% to 10%, from 1.19% to 2.18%, respectively, and the energy structural transformation has already yielded positive results.
In the last two years, nuclear power approvals have started less than expected, and as of 30 September 2017, our nuclear power is going to be operational and in the process of being installed at 88 million kilowatts, but in 2017, eight new units are scheduled to be approved, and there are currently no new nuclear or start-up units. In the next two years, nuclear power will be delivered at about 30 million kilowatts.
The three-generation nuclear power plant unit is estimated to have invested about $14,000 per kilowatt, and our investment in nuclear power is expected to reach about $400 billion by 2020, and the continued upscaling of clean energy applications will help release the demand for the corresponding steel.
Figure 17: Power generation by hydropower in our country, by region, figure 18: Power generation by wind in our country, by region, figure 19: Power generation by nuclear power in our country, by region
In 2019, global economic growth was under pressure to slow down, and the future trade balance will continue to slow down. The government has repeatedly emphasized steady capital growth, regulations and accompanying measures.
Capital investment is shown to be more relevant to medium- and long-term loans and net municipal debt financing. According to the capital focus area of the Guidance for Maintaining Short-term Replenishment in Infrastructure Areas, transport will be a priority area for capital investment next year, and a number of high-iron construction projects have recently been heavily approved by the Commission.
By 2025, we will have added 162,000 kilometres of high-speed railways with a market size of about RMB 1494 million; by 2030, we will have added 26,300 kilometres of high-speed railways with a market size of about RMB 22,88.1 billion.
The increase in defence spending, as a priority area for special steel applications, will boost demand for steel. According to data, in 2016, our military force was only 1.28% of the year, and our defence spending was relatively low, well below the United States 3.59%. Our per capita military spending is still low, with a per capita defence budget of $105.03 in 2016, which is lower than in countries like Japan and Russia.
Large-scale defence force workers invest in the development and production of new equipment, and the demand for special steel from new high-tech equipment will increase significantly. Advanced materials always lead and support the development of defence equipment, which is also a bottleneck for many weapons performance upgrades.
Key components of navigation and army weapons equipment are widely used, and typical applications in the military industry include, inter alia, high-strength steel, high-strength alloy-structure steel for heavy-load components, aircraft landing gear, aerial vortex motors, space rocket engines, barrel, barrel, missile casings, high-temperature alloys for gas turbines, etc.
During the 24-year period since its inception in 1993, the net profits of shareholders belonging to the parent company have never been negative.
At the bottom of the cycle, the steel industry’s mood followed the macroeconomic downturn, resulting in the company’s current net return to the mother of only $15.69 million, the lowest net return value since its inception. During the subsequent cycle adjustments, the company’s profits have never crossed the bottom line, increasing at a rate of 6.6 per cent, and have reached a new low in economic growth since 1999. As a result of downstream demand and the impact of supply-side reforms,
The company ' s earnings and economic cycles deviate from each other, so the company ' s earnings history and product characteristics together determine that even in the context of the overall decline in the future steel industry, the company ' s profitability will be better guaranteed.
Companies are less cyclical, and profit increases are more stable than those in the same industry. Companies collect and withhold non-net gains at an absolute value of 5.54 pct, so their profitability is more stable than the cyclical properties of the special steel industry.
The company ' s Māori rate has remained stable in recent years and is resistant to downward cycles. The majority of Māori sales by companies have remained stable since 2010, thus ensuring that corporate profits cross cycles.
Corporate asset-liability ratios are low and assets are of good quality. Historical data on corporate asset-liability ratios also reflect industry-cyclicality, with weekly declines of 2.16 pct, indicating industry-cycle downs but at the top of the landscape. Corporate-asset-liability ratios are consistently lower compared to the median asset-liability ratios in the steel industry, suggesting that asset quality has a certain advantage in the industry and that debt repayment pressures are lower.
The probability of exposure to asset risks is also lower in the lower macroeconomic period. Figure 26: Time series of asset-to-industry liabilities due to the decline in net profitability and asset turnover, the firm ' s narrow core of 2018q3 has declined, but remains relatively larger in the industry
The corporate landscape has been high since the year. Compared to the median net asset rate of return in the steel industry, the company ' s q3 value in 2018 was higher than the industry ' s median value of 1.84 pct, and historical data show that the net asset rate of return is more pronounced in the industry, suggesting that the efficiency of the company ' s use of equity equity investment in the steel industry is higher and more profitable.
The main reason for the annual decline is that the equity multipliers, though slowly rising, cannot be fully hedged. In a macroeconomic context, net profits will continue to decline, but the weak cyclical nature of the steel also determines that there will be no significant decline in corporate profitability.
The company has taken the initiative to reduce its stocks, in addition to the purpose of reducing the cost of its inventories, with the intention of becoming a “light company” of its own accord. Moreover, the boom phase has opted for a back-to-cycle reduction of its capacity.
Figure 29: Companies entering the inventory cycle IV. Low fund holdings reduce institutional transaction resistance, fully adjust valuations at the bottom of the stock price
The fund-raiser has warehouse data, we've counted general equities, enhancement indices, mixed shares and flexible allocation of four styles of public fund-raising, and we've found that a total of 13 funds issued by 12 foundations have five companies equipped with special steel plates, with a total warehouse size of $5,053 million, of which the market value of large smelting steel warehouses is only $7.5 billion, representing 1.42 per cent of the size of the warehouse and a public share.
The market value of the Division's circulation share is 0.05 per cent, and the fund company has a lower proactive position in the company. In combination with the top 10 shareholders disclosed by the company 2018q3, the share of the other shareholders is more than 3 per cent, with the exception of those holding over 58 per cent of the shares of the Chinese credit system, and the institution's future warehousing transactions are blocked.
In December 2018, the company issued an announcement that it was going to purchase, through the issuance of shares, special steel in possession of the Nino Tefuti Steel Investment Company Ltd.
According to the announcement, the company intends to purchase 86.50% of the shares by issuing shares in Thai investment, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Xinhai, and 0.96% of the shares. Sengchen and Big Metallurgium are the core of the Sino-China special steel plate and are jointly controlled and managed by the Sino-Tefu Company Limited, and this merger reorganization will result in a significant reduction of Chinese inter-group associates.
Competition and related transactions may significantly enhance the combined competitiveness of large smelting steel. Figure 33: Synchronized steel asset restructuring. Schott steel is the leading Chinese steel technology lead company with the production capacity of leading high-end steel products.
About 12 million tons of specialized steel production, about 3,000 conventional varieties, about 5,000 supply specifications, and major equipment, such as iron, steel, roll, and test, have been imported from abroad, including 7 bars, 2 medium plate production lines, and various specifications, variety. The company's products consist mainly of bearing steel, gear steel, spring steel, berthing chains.
Steels, curtain-lined steels, super-plastic plates, container steel, pipe-line steel, high-strength steel, etc., are best sold throughout the country and for more than 60 countries and territories, including the United States, the European Union, Japan and South-East Asia, and are widely used for petrochemicals, engineering machinery, automobile steel, high-speed annual national sales first; high-standard bearing steel is the first worldwide product in nine consecutive years. As of 2018, high-standard bearing steel countries were among the top suppliers.
The domestic market was 83 per cent; the steel market for car parts was 65 per cent, with an average annual growth rate of more than 30 per cent over the past five years, and the product categories achieved full coverage of all car parts and components except the car panels. 2005 to date, when the proposed merger and purchase price was never lost, kept the industry at the top of profit levels for several years, further enhanced listing
In 2015, the steel industry experienced an increase in the overall deficit in the steel industry, with the support group ranking first in terms of net profits. In 2016, the efficiency of the steel ton and overall profitability of the steel industry continued to be at the top of the industry. From 2005 to the present, the net profit of the steel to the mother was $98 million in 2012, down from 91.04 per cent in 2011.
The end of the period was marked by a significant increase in profitability in 2012 and, therefore, a strong resistance to cycles and a build-up of the profitability of smelting steel itself. If the merger were to succeed, listed companies would now have, or would have been, significantly better than other companies in the same industry, with a higher allocation value, against the backdrop of the overall decline in the future steel industry.
Figure 34: The M & A 2005 to date has never suffered a loss, and the combined production capacity of the two companies is in the forefront of the industry, and high-end steel products will be enriched further. If the M & A group is successfully completed, the company will further refine its product structure into a full-fledged product with an annual output of more than 13 million tonnes of steel.
The production capacity of the super-national steel brand, calculated at 775.5 million tons of the country ' s total utex steel production capacity in 2017, will account for 17% of the country ' s total NT steel production, and the company ' s future capacity will be in the vanguard of the industry. The company now has a variety of high-end steel products, and the merger has alloy steel rods, special medium plate, special seamless steel tubes, alloy steel wires, springs.
A series of highly processed products with a centralized scientific research platform, the Shinto Steel Institute, with industry-led research and development capabilities, optimized corporate product structures after M&As, and abundant high-end steel products. Centralized purchasing advantages reduce the cost of company raw materials, and efficient integration of the industrial chain enhances cost control.
The company will have a better procurement, production and marketing system, and the company will have a greater centralized purchasing advantage, thereby increasing the bargaining power of raw materials procurement and further reducing production costs. In addition, the labels will have Jiangjin, Qingdao, Qingjiang, Qingjiang, Yellowstone “four major manufacturing bases” and bronze mounds, Yangzhou “two major raw materials bases” and range from raw materials resources to products, product extension processing, product extension processing,
The full steel industry chain of terminal service interventions, the efficient integration of the company’s industrial chain, helps to increase cost control and speed up the flow of funds and products, and helps reduce the cost of the enterprise.
According to the M & A transaction plan, the proposed M & As is a total annual operating income of $6,646 million for 2018, expected revenue for the company after its annualization, expected net profit of $481 million for the company after its annualization, and expected net gain for the company in 2018 nearly sevenfold. Thus, as a result of its better profitability, the company will not only be able to complete its asset restructuring.
In terms of the size of the profits, they may exceed the main internal competitors. The profits support the valuation with the rapid growth of the profits after the merger.
With the high value added of steel products, the company’s Māori ratio will increase, with a similar increase in net return profits expected in 2019, with an increase of more than 30.55 per cent per share, with much room for improvement in valuations supported by profit growth.
With high-quality resource integration and high R & D inputs, companies have a larger range of valuations, high-quality steel companies have a high value, and companies will be facing a re-evaluation if they succeed in purchasing or re-engineer steel. Given the lack of a share of pure steel listing companies, we have selected among the Hong Kong stock the most similar Skyworks International valuation of S&T steel.
Double, so a steel company has an excess of 58% of the value of its share of the port. Without the current 17-fold market surplus of Skywork International, it is assumed that the same very high valuation level will be achieved under this assumption, well above the Big Metallurgical Steel and most steel companies. The Big Metallurgical Special Steel is currently estimated at only nine times, and will face a re-evaluation of the company if the M&A is completed.
Companies with high R & D inputs should be valued in the context of the country’s promotion of innovation. The party’s “19th” proposal “Accelerating the building of an innovative state” shows that innovation has become the first driver of development, and that future economic and social development will depend heavily on STI.
There is a need to guide a shift in the value of market investments, to effectively allocate capital to high-tech and high-end manufacturing industries, and to raise the value rating of firms that focus on R & D inputs. Special steel, as a multiplicity of high-end manufacturing industries, is equally high-tech in its products, and the cost of R & D is higher than the cost of revenue and deserves a higher valuation.
Compared to the R & D costs/revenues of companies listed in the steel industry and the corresponding rates of market gain, it can be seen that there is generally a high R & D ratio and high valuations, such as a 3.72 per cent R & D ratio in Gulittry, a 27-fold market rate, and a much lower R & D ratio in Changbao shares than in companies of the same type, so that companies deserve a higher valuation in terms of R & D inputs.
Can the company support high valuations?a The average market gain for the company is about 14 times higher, the current market for big smelting steel is less than nine times higher, and if the company completes its merger and purchase of the steel, we think the company's valuation will be better. The main reason is, first of all, that there has been no historical loss on the steel and the steel industry, even in 2015.
The atmosphere is low, the two companies are still more profitable, and the merged listed companies are more resistant to cyclicality. Second, the merged large smelt steel will be the only full-scale high-end steel producer with a share, super-high-end manufacture stimulating steel products downstream demand, and the corporate landscape will either be independent of the steel industry and become a good steel leader.
In this context, large smelting steel will either cross the bottom of the cycle and move out of a relatively independent upturn.vii. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
8.85, which is well below the comparable corporate average and is the lowest among comparable companies; the comparable company pb is 1.46, while the large smelt steel pb is 1.03, which is below the comparable corporate average.
Since the company's listing, pb has risen and fallen with the industry, and is now in a lower position. Tanaka has graduated from China's University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate chemical engineering and crafts, and graduate studies in mineral processing (coalification).7 Wang Xiaohua, consultant (investment), senior engineer, first-level builder.
He has several patents (inventory patent 1), has successively served as a technical director, director, project manager, and has been involved in overseas “one-way” projects, and has more experience in the iron and steel industry and in the management of domestic and foreign projects. He joined civil securities in May 2017 as researcher in the direction of steel, construction, coal, Liu Yang, Master of Financial Engineering at the Imperial Institute of Technology, and in 2018 as civil securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence.