Platform-based international cxo lead, new business continues to expand and business is improving.
In 2004, through self-constructing and acquisition, four major business units were built: laboratory operations, cmc services (small molecules cdmo), clinical research services, molecular and cellular and gene therapy services.
The new business is still in the early stages of input and integration. The cxo industry has a high profile and a wide market space in the future. Global pharmaceutical research and development investment continues to grow, while \triangleright
The market for the outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development is growing faster than spending on research and development, and the breakdowns of polypium, oligarchy, cgt, etc. Overseas revenues are the key to robust domestic growth in the future, with the cost advantage of engineers’ dividends.
The per capita income gap between small-scale and offshore leading companies. China’s outsourcing market has continued to increase in concentration, and leading companies will further expand their market share by taking advantage of platforms and high-quality customer resources.
The \triangleright Laboratory Chemical Start-up, which continuously upgrades bioscience services, with 23h1 biosciences accounting for more than 51% of laboratory service revenue, will grow steadily as orders are taken up and laboratory capacity expanded.
The household flow, the Chinese-US-US-US-US real estate release accelerated, project funnel effects became evident, and later clinical and commercial production revenues will gradually increase. Conlon’s clinical integration with domestic and external clinical services will increase rapidly, and the scale of clinical operations will gradually increase, and the Māori rate will bounce back and improve.
Domestically active in building the capacity of big molecules to produce cdmo, and overseas building of an integrated service platform for cgt, which is expected to capture more market shares in the global cgt area. Business models are well-defined, integrated platforms are operationally synergistic and globally connected, and new operations will continue in the future.
The business model, from drug discovery to clinical, cdmo, displays significant leakage advantages, with greater certainty of performance. Through self-building + acquisitions, companies have built a platform for full-process integration services, generating good client and project flows across businesses, and firmly internationalizing development strategies, deeply binding the world.
Clients. As the strategic layout of the new business matures and deepens, companies continue to operate well, and in the coming years are expected to enter a cycle of rising Māori rates and rising net interest rates. Investment advice: companies build a full process, integration, internationalization of cxo service platforms, laboratory services
With a steady growth in mature operations and a start-up phase for emerging operations such as big molecules and cgt, profits will be realized. As the capacity utilization of new facilities is gradually increasing, the rich pipeline will drive business growth, turning one to a full-process, integrated, international cxo-head.
Kang Yong has become a global leader in full-process, integrated pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service, enabling clients to accelerate drug research and development innovation globally. The company is in a leading position in drug discovery, pre-clinical, and early clinical coro, and is actively expanding downstream operations, post-clinical development and commercialized production. As of 2022,
The company has become a global top3 pre-cro service provider to more than 2,000 domestic and foreign clients. The company has developed four major business units in the field of new drug research and development over a long period of time: laboratory services, cmc (small molecule cdmo) services, clinical research services, molecules, and cell and gene therapy services.
Laboratory chemistry is the starting point for the complete industrial chain layout of cro+cdmo. The company was established in 2004 and the first phase of its main business was laboratory chemical services. The company has accumulated extensive research and development experience and established stable partnerships with clients at an early stage.
The third phase of the company has expanded its services to clinical coro, and a series of acquisitions have been made in 2016 in the United States and the United Kingdom, as well as in Tianjin and Shaochen to build circ capacity. The fourth phase of the company has created an integrated platform for national and international clinical services.
The Dragon Clinical brand integrates global clinical resources and enhances global cdmo production and mass molecular and cgt service capabilities. Through continuous in-house construction, extended acquisitions, and consolidation and optimization of affiliates, companies complete drug distribution, pre-clinical, clinical trials, and the layout of the cdmo Integrated Service Platform, which deeply binds global clients.
Figure 2: The four historical stages of Kang Long's transformation into development: mature business revenues and profits are growing at a high rate, and emerging business is still in the early stages of input and integration.
This is a certain loss from the acquisition of two British and American pharmaceutical bases and large molecules and cgt operations; by 2023, the growth rate was 18.5%, and the slowdown in revenue was mainly due to the weakening of downstream demand due to the cold financing of industries. New developments are now in the early stages of investment and integration, with some impact on profits, as new production capacity continues to grow in the future.
Revenue growth in the first three quarters of the year was 13.7%, with steady growth. The first three quarters of cmc saw a decline in revenue growth to 13.9%, mainly due to the impact of biotechnological financing on early business, adding some clients to the post-clinical period.
The project was cancelled. Clinical research services and mass and cgt services were small in volume, but growing faster, with future revenues from laboratory services falling steadily compared to expectations, and the income structure developing in a diversified manner.
Around the same time, the highest rates were found in laboratory services, and the comc Maori rate continued to increase profitability due to the continued production and increased costs of new plants. Molecular and cgt services suffered abl from the acquisition of the United Kingdom in the first three quarters, with the increase in corporate size and the increase in personnel leading to administrative costs.
The rate remains high, while increasing R & D inputs, and the R & D cost rate is gradually increasing. 2cxo industry has a high profile and a wide future market space for 2.1 drug discovery coro, cdmo/cmo, clinical coro downstream demand
The growth of global research and development on new medicines continues, and future small and medium-sized companies and biotech are the backbone of research and development. As people grow older, the population of chronically ill people expands, and countries increase their total investment in health care, both globally and internationally.
The country’s pharmaceutical market continues to grow, leading to a sustained increase in spending on pharmaceutical research and development. According to Frost Sullivan, global spending on pharmaceutical research and development reached $224.1 billion in 2022, and is expected to grow from 6.8% cagr to $33.57 billion in 2027 and $43.38 billion in 2023.
On the critical side of the chain of demand, R & D inputs are still growing strongly; small pharmaceutical companies, biotech, etc., are spending the most on R & D. The penetration rate of outsourcing continues to rise, and the cxo outsourcing market continues to be snowy. Under the pressure of increased new drug R & D costs, the pressure on patent cliffs, and increased competition with targets, pharmaceutical companies outsource R & D production for professionals.
Dependence will increase, thus accelerating the process of product R & D and reducing efficiency gains. According to Frost Sullivan, the global cro outsourcing rate has increased steadily, from 47.1 per cent in 2022 to nearly 55 per cent in 2025, with 60 per cent and 52 per cent outsourcing in the United States and China, respectively.
The market for medical research and development outsourcing has grown faster than R & D spending, with the breakdowns of polytherms, oligarchy acids, cgt, etc., becoming more permanent. The global R & D outsourcing market was $133 billion in 2022, and is expected to grow from 13.6% cagr to $252 billion in 2027.
The coro, clinical coro and small molecule cdmo outsourcing markets are $112, 117, 547, 51.5 billion, with a capr of 15.2 per cent, 9.6 per cent, 8.4 per cent, 17.9 per cent in 2022-2027. Small molecule cdmo services provide technology-added development services and capacity support. Biotechnology financing has less impact than future industries.
It will continue to grow, with the market for polypne and oligonucleic acid cdmo increasing significantly faster than in other areas, and it is expected that the course of gene cell therapy will be in the blue sea market, and that cgtcdmo will become a priority layout for the future of the cxo company.
Blood and sickle-cell anaemia became the world’s first approved crispr gene editing therapy. Due to the difficulty of developing and producing therapeutic products, long cycles, high costs, tight regulations, and greater reliance on specialized outsourced suppliers, genetic therapy has a penetration rate of over 65%, higher than that of big molecules and small molecules.
Companies have acquired or built themselves in the cgt area, and overseas cgtcdmo has taken a dominant position in the market, and domestic firms still have much room for improvement. 2.2 Overseas revenues are key to a robust growth of the country’s cxo in the future, with China outsourcing.
Market concentration will continue to rise rapidly in the global demand for China’s R & D outsourcing, and cxo’s basic growth path will remain a foreign market. The overseas cxo industry has reached maturity after about 50 years of growth, creating a larger market size.
Large cxo companies like lonza, iqvia, and Charles River Laboratories account for most of the world’s markets. As the Euro-American cxo industry matures, transnational pharmaceutical companies seek new and international markets to reduce R & D production costs, penetration rates in emerging Asian markets such as China and India continue to rise, and global cxo production continues to flow to China.
Twelve% of the year will nearly double again by 2026. In terms of income structure, more than 70% of the income of most of the head country’s cxo enterprises comes from overseas markets, and in the face of a climate of coldness and low demand during the domestic financing phase, companies such as Phming Conde, Conlon, etc. continue to enjoy robust performance and leadership status from overseas client orders.
Figure 10: A baseline for the global market for pharmaceutical r&d outsourcing services (by region) for 2016-2026 will be re-established for global investment financing and the growth of the biotechnology industry, with overseas markets benefiting from the rapid release of products such as glp-1, adc, ad, etc., remaining high. China ' s main 9 cxo in the first half of 2023
In enterprises, the income from overseas of the drug Mingconde, the drug-ming organism, the conversion of the drug into the drug and the sow of the new drug has increased at a higher rate than the domestic income from the same time; after the elimination of the income from the new crown project, in 2023 the income from the H1 drug Ming Conde, the Kallein, the Botten shares increased by 34.3 per cent, 45.5 per cent and 22.6 per cent from the same year. The income from the non-new crown in North America is the same.
As a labour-intensive cxo industry, human costs are an important factor in the pricing of services. In terms of company per capita costs, the global cologne iqvia pays 700,000 yuan per person per year or more, and lonza, Samsung, cdmo, etc.
The lead is 500,000 yuan/years or more, while the average per capita remuneration of the country’s leading cxo company for 2019-2022 is 150,000 to 250,000 yuan/year, and the cost advantage of the engineer’s dividend is clear when it comes to the cost advantage. In terms of the cost of different segments of the cost of new drug research and development, the domestic cost is in developed countries at the stages of compound screening, pre-clinical, and clinical trials.
With 30% to 60% of the cost of the experiment, China’s cxo, based on the quality of the test, is able to save heavily on the research and development costs of pharmaceutical companies, which are highly attractive to Bigpharma and biotech overseas. China’s cxo enterprises are growing rapidly per capita income generation, gradually closing the gap with their leading firms abroad.
The harvest is an important measure of the human effectiveness of cxo, and in recent years per capita income generation has risen with the rapid growth of China’s cxo income, although there is still some room for improvement compared to foreign flagship companies, but the gap is gradually narrowing.
China’s market concentration in outsourcing has continued to increase, and leading companies will further expand their market share by using platformed advantages and high-quality customer resources. China’s early market for pharmaceutical research and development services was fragmented, with five major supplies by 2018.
Business accounts for 35.2% of the total market share, with a large number of players competing within the industry. Platform-type and segmented areas have an integrated end-to-end service capability, quality systems in line with international standards and high-quality customer resources accumulated over the years, continuously increasing their market share; adding up to the freeze in domestic investment since 2022 has led to industry.
After short-term pains, increased competition and lower prices due to excess supply capacity, small and medium-sized service providers will gradually emerge in the future, and market concentration is expected to continue to increase.3 Business models are well-defined and integrated platforms achieve operational synergies and synergies.
Global connectivity 3.1 Business models developed from the front end to the back are more certain, integrated R & D outsourcing services better match client R & D cycles and needs, and long-term performance is more certain.
The entire process of developing new medicines includes drug discovery, pre-clinical research, clinical research, Nda and marketing, commercialized production, and it usually takes more than 10 years to develop a new drug from creation to commercialization, at a cost of more than $1 billion.
A better match to client R & D cycles and needs, integrated cxo based on front-end leading laboratory technology and customer resources, facilitates client preferences in late service, provides efficiency guarantees for sustained business growth and greater certainty for future development.
From drug discovery to pre-clinical, clinical, and cdmo business models show a significant advantage in the funnel effect. Global drug research and development pipelines grew steadily, reaching 21,292 in 2023, a 5.9% increase over the same period.
8.2 per cent of the year, but the growth rate is still higher than 4.8 per cent in 2021, with a gradual return of the innovative pharmaceutical industry 3263, 3131 and 1229 clinical periods, respectively, with an increase of 10.7 per cent, from drug discovery to clinical and commercialization stages, and later clinical and commercialization.
Figure 20: Global drug research and development pipelines by stage of development (three) 3.2 Self-built + acquisitions to build a full-process integrated service platform to move forward with drugs
Conlon has become a business expansion logic and a drug that is basically consistent with a complete industrial service chain. The drug has become a leading international provider of integrated new drug research and development and production services, and the drug has been created.
Dr. Li Gu and Dr. Pallian of the founder building, both of which started with laboratory chemistry, gradually covered the entire industry chain based on continued consolidation and strengthening of leadership in drug discovery, increasing cdmo operations and productivity, accelerating the collaborative development of global clinical co-services and improving their scores.
Sub- and emerging cgt service platforms are configured to become international, integrated, process-wide, multi-therapeutic cxo-head companies. By analysing the expansion logic of the drug-ming Conde business, we expect Kang to be able to continue to build up the cdmo production capacity over the next few years, integrate and optimize both domestic and international clinical cro resources, and accelerate mass molecules and cgt platforms.
Figure 21: Business development paths such as Conlon conversion and drug Myung Conde laboratory chemistry, analytical testing (biological class) to Conlong
The integration platform has significant synergies, with good client and project orientation between operations. Current clients of laboratory chemistry; front-end projects under the funnel effect gradually moving to the back end, existing clients of safe evaluation and services in 2019; internal and external clinical cro platforms and pre-clinical business depth integration, which can be used in three locations in Central and Eastern Europe.
In the short term, the company will maintain the r&d-led m-end pattern, the front-end business will provide a rich back-end project reserve, and the future commercialization of the m-end business is expected to grow strongly.
Household income reached $27.22 billion, representing an increase of 28% from the same year when the new crown commercialization project was eliminated, and led by the company’s full-process integrated service platform to build the moat. The company built production suits for multi-therapeutic drugs such as small molecules, big molecules, cells and gene therapy that cut through the drug discovery, pre-clinical, and clinical processes.
Services system, five R & D service platforms have been established to provide one-stop solutions to client diversification needs. Figure 25: Companies build five R & D service platforms and 3.3 adhere to international development strategies to in-depth bind global clients
Internationalization is one of the core competitivenesss of cxo, with companies providing global services through laboratories, clinical and production facilities located in the United States of America. By the first half of 2023, companies had 21 operating entities in the United States of America and Britain (10 in China and 11 abroad), building professional services capacity for internationalization.
The service team is fully aligned to provide more flexible and comprehensive laboratory services to clients; more flexible, large-scale and greener chemical and production services through acquisition and self-building of cdmo capacity worldwide, Shashington, England and the United States of America; clinical trial services to deepen the US-China market; and United States clinical services.
The pharmacology team works seamlessly with the Chinese team to provide a one-stop solution to the Chinese-American double paper, clinical research, and complementary trials of client innovation projects. Internationalization operations have been effective in increasing the ability of companies to integrate services, using global resources for cross-regional and cross-border synergies, and in maximizing client benefits.
Cxo’s overall pace of capital spending has slowed, and future production will focus on new molecules and new technologies. Against the backdrop of high levels of financing for biotechnology investment and high downstream research and development demand in the past few years, China’s cxo plate has grown rapidly, with companies planning a large amount of new capacity to take orders, laboratory space, and response.
The stock, the number of cro, and the number of domestic and foreign bases have increased considerably. With the completion of the new crown orders in 2023, and the combination of cold financing, which has led to less than expected demand in the industry, the pace of capital spending by companies has slowed down, productive capacity will be phased in on the basis of the orders, and we expect future capital spending to be more focused on docile and weak.
Companies with diversified, sticky, and high-growth client groups will continue to grow steadily in the future. Companies have provided new pharmaceutical services to more than 2,000 customers worldwide, including the global Top20 pharmaceutical company and a large number of excellent ones.
The company’s revenue ratio for repeat clients remained high, with more than 90% of H1 in 2023 coming from duplicate clients. The share of offshore customers has been increasing, with income rising in North America and Europe in the first three quarters of 2023.
Ring, service capacity recognized by a wide range of clients, gradually growing into a preferred partner for a larger number of clients, continuously strengthening 4-4 operations in synergy, business funnel development, a global leader in 4.1 laboratory service capacity and strong growth in life science services
Laboratory services are the core business of the company, which consists mainly of laboratory chemistry and biological sciences. From the laboratory chemical business, the company covers areas such as pharmaceutical chemistry, synthetic chemistry, analysis and pure chemical and computer-assisted drug design. It provides customers with the design and synthesis of the compound bank, the discovery of the seeding compound, the synthesis of the precursor compound and the design of the product.
Different laboratory chemical services, such as optimization, manual and non-manual separation. Biosciences, as an important part of laboratory services, provides clients with both in- and out-of-the-horizonutics and pharmacodynamics, in vitro biology and pharmacology, drug safety evaluation and laboratory services in the United States, and assists clients to develop research and development projects rapidly on a multi-country basis.
The ratio of revenues from the biological sciences is increasing, and there is a high degree of synergy with laboratory chemistry. Based on core laboratory chemistry, companies have built complete biological science platforms such as biology, pharmacodynamics, and pharmacology.
Because the new targets require a large amount of bioscience services and dmpk/adme clients start experimenting with other bioscience services, the quality and efficiency of company delivery is gradually gaining customer recognition, the bioscience revenue ratio is increasing steadily, and the ratio of laboratory services revenue in the first half of 2023 has exceeded 51 per cent, reaching over 35 per cent.
The company built a number of high-end technology platforms in the chemical and biological fields and continued to improve its capacity for innovation in research and development. Based on years of accumulation of core laboratory chemical and biological science technologies, the company increased the development of new technologies and capabilities, building a chemical reaction screening platform, a gene coded compound bank technology platform, a chemical protein grouping platform, 3d fine
Platforms such as cellular and organ models, gene editing techniques and video technology provide efficient drug discovery integration services that help clients to find more effective and greener precursor and clinical candidate compounds, the growth and transfer of tumor cells and the response of drug treatment.
Thirty-one models of brain tumor in situs and brain transfer were used to evaluate the ability of drugs to act on tumours through blood-cerebral barriers, providing valuable data and video information to dozens of clients. The security evaluation center tsp met international regulatory requirements to support global clients with ind/nda declarations.
tsp (Conlongchangping) runs pre-clinical safety evaluations for new drugs, providing services such as toxicology, safe pharmacology, genetics, immunotoxicology, etc. Safety evaluation, as an important research activity in the early development of drugs, is one of the research elements that should be made available to the drug regulatory department in the form of an ind/nda declaration.
The tsp has been field tested on three occasions through fda and Belgian oecd glp, and in 2021 through nmpa glp review, with the qualifications to help global clients provide clinical declarations or security assessments required to market drugs.
(nmpa) Proximity, sustained outreach to domestic and international clients, future drug safety evaluation operations will remain robust, the number of acceptance projects will continue to grow, and the integrated clinical batch application service will be widely recognized by clients. Laboratoryization, where science is at the heart of new drug development, and corporate laboratory chemistry, which synthesizes hundreds of thousands of new compounds for clients every year.
Entities, with an advantage of size; in conjunction with CE, U.S. research and development teams and later drug development services, discovery projects helped clients to make 77, 87 ind/nda declarations, of which 56, 79 were simultaneously declared in many countries, and the package of research and development services for clinical batch applications was accepted by a wide range of clients.
Six months ago, the company was involved in 650 drug discovery projects, an increase of 13 per cent compared to the same year. Self-constructed laboratory capacity was expanded and laboratory chemical capabilities were continuously strengthened. The company developed laboratory chemistry as a laboratory laboratory building, with a total laboratory area of 27,500 m2 as of the end of 2010.
In recent years, companies have continued to expand their laboratories in Beijing, Xian, Ningbo, and Qingdao. Of these, 70 thousand new laboratories in Beijing, Qingdao and the first part of the first part of the first phase of the first phase of the Ningbo Park were launched in 2021 q1, while the second part of the fourth part, 42,000, was launched in 2023.
105,000 Pyre laboratories have been built and are expected to be operational in 2024. Acquisitions + self-building to improve the capacity of integrated bioscience services. 1) Companies actively promoted overseas business layout, acquired United States abbsortionssystems in November 2020 to conduct US laboratory services to raise clients
dmpk/adme and bioanalytical services required for drug development. This merger consolidated the company’s leading position in the Dmkp integrated service platform and added drug assessment services for ophthalmology, medical instrument development and cgt therapy. 2) 140,000 Pyre laboratories and animal rooms for phase 1 of the Ningpo 3 project
Construction began in 2021 and is expected to continue in the second half of 2023, which will significantly improve the capacity of animal laboratory services such as company security assessment, dmpk, and pharmacology. To improve the supply system and quality control of experimental animals, the company acquired ecstasy and Conreté in 2021, and Ankayibo in 2022.
The R & D team remains ahead of schedule, and the revenues from laboratory operations are growing steadily. The company R & D team continues to expand by 6,200 people, reaching global leadership in terms of size and experience.
With 33.9 per cent in cagr, the front-end operations have been affected by the global cooling of biopharmaceutical financing, demand phase and weakness since 2023, the overall rate of growth has slowed down, with revenues of $5,069 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 13.7 per cent compared to the 13.7 per cent increase in the rate of bioscience operations, leading to a gradual increase in the profitability of the laboratory service plate.
4.2 cmc has a high degree of synergy with laboratory operations, the C. U.S. and U.S. Trinity release belt, front-end laboratory operations extend back and cc operations develop together. The company has a clear edge in the field of drug discovery and has a leading global laboratory chemical capability, gradually extending operations from drug discovery to post-drug detection.
In the field of end-to-end drug development. The development model of the back-to-back has been adapted to the patterns and cycles of drug research and development, companies have been able to provide full process integration services to their clients, business-to-business synergies have continued to be strong, and companies have been able to provide technology-added process development and production services in 2022 cmc to meet all stages of clinical research and commerce.
The cmc team provides clients with services for the development and production of small molecular-based pharmaceutical processes, materials science/prefabricated agents, formulation development and production and analytical development, including: 1) process development and production teams provide services for the discovery and development of efficient and green synthetic process routes, the optimization of existing synthetic routes and magnification processes; 2) materials
Scientific/pre-formulation teams provide services for crystallization screening, process development and early formulation development; 3) formulation development teams design, modify and prepare oral formulations; 4) analytical development teams provide comprehensive analytical test support services for process development and manufacture of raw materials and medicines. The company continuously explores and applies new technologies, with a focus on strengthening fluids.
The application of chemical and biological enzyme catalytic technologies to improve synthetic efficiency and enhance the competitive advantage of cmc-wide services is expected to be implemented during the second half of 2023, and bioenzyme is more efficient than chemical catalysts in general.
107-1012 times with no poison, no pollution, low consumption More than 700 enzymes have been developed each year, and the efficiency of development continues to increase.
Applied bio--- client magnification projects have screened catalytic enzymes with high transformation rates and stereo-selectiveness.
2. The company will continue to expand the variety and quantity of biological catalysts and to further refine the catalytic enzyme screening and orientation evolutionary platform; to build critical technologies for the transition to “green chemistry”; to build a catalytic enzyme production fermentation workshop, which is scheduled to be operational in the second half of 2023.
The company builds on the remarkable advantages of its laboratory business to establish a highly sticky partnership with its clients, and is expected to continue commercializing as front-end projects lead backward. By 2023, H1 had 620 cmc projects, and the company was able to build up its own business.
Of these, 431 pre-clinical projects, 136 in clinical i/ii, 24 in clinical iii, and 29 in process validation and commercialization phases. The number of pre-clinical and early clinical items decreased, with 69 and 46 pre-clinical i/ii projects down from the same period last year;
The cmc line continues to move backwards, with 19 more projects for process validation and commercialization than in the same period last year, pulling the pre-bed to clinical ii phase, faster release of revenues from commercialization as later projects increase and commercial capacity climbs, and rich in global production services networks for companies with flexible and adequate capacity.
The company has production facilities in Tianjin, Beijing, Ningpo, Shashing, the United Kingdom, and the United States to continuously upgrade production capacity to provide production services that meet global quality standards. As the api capacity of ShaoXin’s factory is climbing up and the acquisition of production bases in Cramlington and Covetry, there is a huge increase in production capacity.
The global production network layout of the company has been strengthened to meet the needs of domestic and foreign clients for the development of the company ' s cdmo process capabilities by increasing the number of cmc process development and analytical R & D personnel by completing the second phase of the Tsin III (40,000 m2) and Ningpo I campus in 2021, respectively, and by increasing the capacity of the company ' s cdmo process development.
In May 2023, the formulation workshop in the Ningbo 1 park was successfully inspected by the National Drug Monitoring Directorate (NDI) on site and before the gmp was placed on the market, and the products were expected to be marketed in early 2024. (2) The site for the production of small molecular raw materials was officially established in 2022 for the first phase of the Shashing plant (81,000 m2).
Launching, adding 600 m3 to the volume of chemical reactions to meet the strategic need to extend commercial production from early projects to later stages.
The National Cramlington base and the United States cooventry base, both of which can provide commercial-scale cgmp pharmaceutical production services from mid-test to tonnage, have been verified and certified by regulatory agencies such as fda, mhra.
The process development of hoddesdon and the early production of cgmp raw materials team provide clients with end-to-end chemical production services with positive synergies. Figure 38: Conlon into a global cmc production service network
Cmc is an important future contribution to performance, and there is much room for improvement in the Māori rate. The number of corporate cmc projects and R & D pipelines have continued to grow, and Cmc has entered a rapid growth phase with the rapid release of cmc capacity overseas and close cooperation between the Chinese and British teams. Cmc earned $2.407 billion in 2022, the same amount.
The cold financing led to a slowdown in client demand, with some multinational drug companies canceling project orders, but the average quarterly cmc of the 23h1 project was 32.42%, a decline of 2.01 pt compared to the previous year, with the main base in Shao Heng running higher after delivery. With capacity utilization at Xuxim, China, Coventry, United States, and Cramlington plants in the United Kingdom,
Growing up, the scale effect will gradually show that the Māori rate is expected to continue to improve. 4.3 Building an integrated platform for domestic and foreign clinical research services, with future profitability, will enable companies to provide both foreign and domestic clinical services to support client approval of new drugs globally, especially in Central America and the United States.
Clinical research services abroad include radiolabelling science and early clinical trial services, including (1) radiolabelling scientific services to help clients synthesize carbon-14 and tritium radiolabelling compounds to study the absorption, diffusion, metabolism and excretion of various types of compounds in humans and to accelerate the clinical development of new medicines; (2) Maryland, United States
Early clinical services are provided by pharmaroncpc. The country’s clinical research services include clinical coro and smo, of which (1) clinical trial services cover regulatory and regulatory registration, medical services, medical supervision, clinical operations, data management and statistical analysis, biosampling, drug alerts and quantitative pharmacology; (2) clinical research sites.
Management services provide crc services, hospital research and selection, ssu quick start, candidate recruitment and management, quality assurance and training, post-market research, etc. Clinical operations abroad create an integrated service platform for “Radiological isotope compounds synthesis-clinical-analysis.”
Radioisotope analysis is an important drug metabolic analysis technology, and companies have refined the chain of radiopharmacological services by acquiring British quatients and United States Xceleron. The Mosnblcpc Clinical Center in Bar, United States, has 96 beds and an experienced clinical trial team.
More than 250 early clinical trials have been successfully implemented to support the clinical development of new drugs for clients. With the licensing of radioisotopes in early 2018 at the US Clinical Centers, the company created the only global integrated platform for “radio-isotope compound synthesis-clinical-analysis” that is highly recognized by clients.
In China, an integrated platform for clinical services has been set up to open the cro+smo bridge. (1) Acquisition of a layout cro. In 2019, Conlon became the controlling Sage creature and its fully-funded subsidiary, Himeddi, the Clinical Cro operation, with a one-stop service platform for clinical research and development of drugs and instruments, which has been used for 250+ pharmaceutical clients worldwide, 900+
The project provided high-quality and reliable clinical research and development services. In 2021, the company acquired Eun-eun medicine and Tee-Mei-Mae, strengthening its capacity in quantitative pharmacology, drug surveillance, medical surveillance, medical writing, etc. (2) acquired layouts.
In a stable partnership with more than 600 hospitals, more than 1,600 smo projects were served, 85 per cent of which were new drugs and biological products. After the United States of America took control of the company in 2020, Somcho medicine (now known as Constance) and Beijing Fascist medicine was acquired through the United States of America, providing clients with better-quality medications, smo, recruitment of test subjects, and medical care.
In May 2021, the company established the Conlon Clinic to integrate the clinical capacity of the various subsidiaries and departments to provide clients with complete, efficient and end-of-end clinical services.
I-iv clinical development services at the end. After equity restructuring, Conlon Clinic holds a one-stop solution to the clinical research and complementarities between China and the United States of America.
In 2023, there were 912 company h1 clinical cro service projects, of which 74 iii clinical trials, 400 i/ii clinical trials and 438 other clinical trials; and more than 1400 smo service projects, covering about 600 hospitals and clinical trial centres in 120 cities in China.
With the global integration of clinical resources, the scale of clinical co-operation will grow rapidly. As companies take over, integrate domestic and international clinical resources, Nanjing Si-Wixing and Himedi (focusing on clinical co-processing), United States-focused smo, and Baltimore Clinical Centers in the United States have developed an integrated clinical service platform to work together to promote clinical progress.
Business growth is rapid. Corporate clinical research services achieved revenues of 1,394 million yuan in 2022, an increase of 45.71 per cent in the same year, investment in research services, a steady increase in domestic income, a 58.7 per cent share of Chinese clients in 2022, a 25.7 per cent share of North American clients, and a future dominance of domestic clinical research.
The company increased its pool of talent to complement the development strategy of clinical research services, resulting in a rapid increase in staff in 2020, reaching 37,729 staff in H1 clinical research services as of 2023.
Over-the-horizon investment has put a short-term pressure on the company’s Māori ratio, with a gap between the Māori rate of mature cró enterprises, which reached its lowest level of 4.65% in 2022. The branding effect of the Conlon Clinic has gradually emerged, and the scale effect of income growth has continued to be highlighted, taking full advantage of the synergies of the Great Platform for Domestic and International Integration, 2023.
Figure 45: Comparison of the Māori ratio of comparable clinical services in companies, 4.4 layouts, major molecules and cgt areas, expansion of multitherapy services
Global drug research and development lead enterprises for multi-methodological treatment. In 2021, as a medium- and long-term development strategy, modules of molecular and cell- and gene-therapy services began to be independently accounted for, mainly in molecular drug discovery, mass drug cdmo, cgt laboratory services and cgtcdmo four major plates.
The company’s big-molecular drug discovery service has been extended from the laboratory industry to include large-molecular particle design, cell screening, target mass expression purity, analytical development, etc., to meet the demand for cells, proteins, and monooplasties for early research and development.
Cdmo platform construction, with a phase II project in Ningpohang Bay in early 2020 to build a one-time bioreactor for 2 2000l capacity, selected as a large molecule cdmo base (nearly 70,000 m2) and expected to become operational in early 2024, providing a cell culture process, upstream and downstream production process, formulation prescription assembly production process
The company acquired absortionsystems in November 2020, establishing a leader in the United States.
In 2021, the company acquired Abbot Vi's abl in Liverpool, United Kingdom, moving from an in-house research and development centre to a cgtcdmo service to third-party clients, enhancing the company's genetic process development and gmp production capacity.
There is a high degree of operational synergy between systems and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, providing clients with a large platform for cgt services from pre-clinical research, product development to commercial production.Cdmo, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the United States of America.
The establishment and external financing of Conlong Organisms is 950 million yuan, and the capital of Takashi and Kanquik is invested and valued at about $8.55 billion. One commercialization project; 21 glp and non-glp toxicology tests for cgt drugs have been completed and are under way in the security evaluation sector.
The project provides cdmo services, including 2 iii phase projects, 7 i/ii clinical projects and 2 preclinical items. Big molecules and cgt earned $311 million in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 19.8 per cent in the same year, services received increased client recognition and city share increased.
Acquisitions of cgtcdmo with high operating costs and short-term losses.5 Profit forecast and investment recommendation 5.1 profit projection assumptions split with business
Laboratory services are the entry point for building stone operations and projects. We expect a robust growth of staff and laboratory facilities, with 9329 laboratory operators in 2023, an increase of 107 compared to the end of 2022; Ningpo, the third park laboratory and the zoo are being built in a normal way and the Xianen district laboratory is expected to continue in 2024.
The increase in production is conducive to a sustained increase in the number of orders taken, and we expect the laboratory cmc operation to be the second engine of growth in 2023-2025. Cmc new production capacity is being released, the United Kingdom’s Cramlington and United States coventry drug production bases are being acquired in 2022, and the new Shashing plant is entering productive capacity.
The impact of the funnel was well reflected in the early stages of the project, which led to a successful clinical and commercialization phase, a rapid expansion period in which companies acquired a number of companies at home and abroad, over-inputed personnel, and a short-term pressure on the Maori ratio. In 2021, a subsidiary, Conlong Clinic, was set up to integrate resources, and domestic and foreign business synergies and branding were gradually gaining momentum.
Big molecules and cgt are emerging strategic business. Big molecules and cgt are currently earning small amounts of money and are still in the early stages of development, and the release of new domestic capacity and the development of foreign business integration will facilitate the rapid growth of the plate.
And 22 times, Conlonization is 27, 26 and 22 times higher, and the valuation level is slightly lower than that of comparable companies. The company, as the leader of the flat-top internationalization cxo, is a rare subject of integration, business models are more certain, and with the accelerated release of small molecules, cdmo, big molecules, and cgt, in and out of the country, the potential for future income and profit-side growth.
More powerful; the second company is less at risk of American law fluctuations in the short term, and the current laboratory business is a company that builds a full-fledged process, integration, internationalization of cxo service platforms, laboratory services, etc.
The gradual increase in the production capacity of the facility will drive sustained growth in operations, and we expect a drop in demand risk in the market 2023-1. While the global pharmaceutical industry is expected to continue to grow, driven by population ageing, high levels of disposable income, and rising health spending, there is no guarantee that the pharmaceutical industry will be public.
If the global pharmaceutical market is to slow down in the future, it may result in clients suspending project R & D or cutting the R & D budget, which would have a negative impact on the business performance and prospects of the company. 2) The risk of brain drain. The company has built a pool of experienced and strong executives.
The ability to provide high-quality services to clients in a timely manner and to keep abreast of cutting-edge technology and development in pharmaceutical research and development, if companies are not able to remain competitive in attracting and retaining high-quality scientific and technical personnel in the future, may result in companies being unable to provide high-quality services to their clients, with significant adverse effects on their operations.
3) Policy regulatory risks. In many countries or regions where medicines are eventually destined for sale, strict laws, regulations and industry standards regulate the process of drug development and production, which may result in companies being disqualified or subjected to regulatory measures if future companies fail to meet the requirements of regulatory policies on an ongoing basis or fail to pass on-site inspections by regulatory bodies.
Other administrative sanctions, resulting in the termination of client cooperation. 4) Quality of service and customer satisfaction are important factors in the company’s continued performance growth. First, the company’s drug research, development and production services provide clients with mainly experimental data and samples.
Experimental data and samples are an important basis for the customer’s follow-up R & D production. If the company fails to maintain the quality of its high water quality, the experimental data or samples provided are defective, or the service facility fails to pass through the customer audit, this will result in the company being exposed to liquidated damages and loss of customers due to reputational damage.
(5) Exchange rate risk. Companies have a relatively high share of income from abroad, denominated mainly in United States dollars, euros and pounds sterling, exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi or adverse effects on the company’s service operations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.