New changes in industry, new opportunities for greens Investment rating: Increase in (first) Mahobo
The domestic production of beer has improved, and the competition in the industry may change. 17 years, January-February, sales in the beer industry fell by 0.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which was significantly narrower than in previous years, mainly because the base figure had been lower after three years of continuous decline and the outlook for the future was due to consumption habits.
For reasons such as change, continuing competitive pressure, and declining beer consumption, the industry has largely maintained its current level. The heavy beer demonstration effect is clear, with firms moving their strategies from “market grab” to “profit-making” and there are now firms that have or are planning to close down.
Factories, contractions to increase profits. If the leading firms adjust their strategies in the future, competition patterns may be re-established, net interest rates will increase significantly, and new developments in the industry are noteworthy. The beer industry is now in a 3+2 pattern, snowflakes, Qingjia.
Three national companies are major players in the industry. Short-term snowflakes are off-limits to Bermuda's products, channels, beverages are on-going with both.
Boil sales - 7.3% show a marked downward trend, mainly due to the decline in the overall growth rate of the industry on the one hand, and to the structural changes in internal channels, which have reduced stability, on the other.
Products such as magma match consumption trends and improve product structure; second, innovative marketing, such as sports marketing, power-marketing platforms, etc. We expect a decline in corporate sales over the next 16 years, a steady performance in the industry, and grass roots research on sales like 1q17 BW, Huayun, etc.
A slight increase, with a drop of about 1% in green beverages, Yinking, etc., has continued the trend of improvement since 2h16. With the impact of the rise in the price of packages and freight costs, pressure on beer costs, we estimate that manufacturers will probably raise their prices by about 5% and cover the cost later.
There are savings. Industry sales are likely to raise prices + products, which are expected to grow 31 times higher in 17 years. Given the overall increase in profitability that a competitive pattern can bring about, changes in the pattern of competition will give companies an opportunity to improve, with price increases covering costs up and giving them for the first time.
1. Production has been reduced by a narrow margin and structural upgrading has continued, with attention to competing industries. Industry sales have decreased by 0.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which has been significantly narrower than in previous years. The main reason is that, after three years of continuous decline, the base figure has been low.
The share of high-end beer continues to rise. The share of low-end beer, which is the domestic power of beer consumption, continues to decline, from 92% in 05 to 14 pct in 15 years, to 78% in the same period.
Growth in industry. High-end beer sales (retailed at more than $8/500ml) now account for 10%, with consumption spending in Guangdong, Fujian and high-end beer sales accounting for 20%.
The continuing fermentation of the two main drivers is expected to continue the trend of structural upgrading in the beer industry. 1) Per capita income has risen steadily: in recent years, the disposable income of our urban residents has risen steadily, thereby stabilizing the demand for the medium- and high-end beer market, and it is expected that the medium- and high-end beer will continue in the future.
The consumer demand for beer is gradually changing. The direct reason for this may be income growth and wealth growth. The consumer demand for medium- and high-end beer is strong, and it's high- and medium-end beer sales.
The rate of volume increase continues to be higher than the rate of sales of low-end beer; the second is the type of consumer who begins to pursue better taste and diversity, as evidenced by the continued growth in the number of imported beer.
1.3. Concern about corporate competition may lead to new changes: beer consumption per capita has reached the ceiling, the number of heavy-consumption groups has declined, and the total number of businesses is unlikely to grow significantly. It is worth noting that the business strategy may shift from “market-grabbing” to “profit-making”, which is currently the case.
Individual firms have closed down inefficient factories and shrunk the front line in search of higher profits. If the leading firms are to adjust their strategies to this point in the future, the pattern of competition in the industry may be reshaped and the firm’s net profits will increase significantly.
High-cost pressure has increased, and the beer industry is expected to raise prices. Due to environmental pressure, 4016 small and medium-sized paper businesses have shut down, resulting in fast upswings in paper boxes (estimated to increase by about 30%).
Paperboxed products account for 8-10% of the cost. Because the boxes have no futures, they cannot be hedged only to market. We think that 2q17, part of the beer product, is expected to increase prices. According to the pipeline, snowflakes are subject to price revisions in powerful markets, such as East.
North (Heilong River) already has an increase in prices, and other firms are expected to ease the pressure on paper box costs in powerful markets by increasing prices. Different outcomes, such as the lower margin of profit (8-10%) for modern businesses, which accounts for 5%, are likely to be based on a lower margin of profit (8%-10%)
The way to increase the terminal price is passed on to consumers; traditional channels, restaurants, nights, etc., have a higher profit margin (over 50%), and price increases are likely to shift to the channel rather than to the consumer. Since the channel itself is very profitable, it does not affect the power of the goods, and the cost increases are shared by the industry, the current round increases are counterproductive.
3q16 beers show an improvement in their performance. 3q16 green beers earn 0.5% and profits increase by 41%, mainly because of triple profit and boosts performance. In terms of sales, the 3q16 sales are based on the upgrading of the company’s products and the subsequent introduction of such products as refined and raw slurry to meet consumption trends.
The Māori ratio of 46.6 per cent increased by 8.1 pct due to the acquisition of shares in Shanghai Investment Corporation, the change in product purchases from the outsourcing model to a lower cost of internal transactions, and the fall in prices such as barley, the main raw materials.The increase in sales costs of 4.1 pct is related to the increase in market investment costs in some parts of the country.
We expect a positive overall trend for 17-year-old barbers. The main considerations are, first, that the volume of sales in the industry is stable and is expected to be equal for 17-years; and second, that the product structure has been upgraded, refined, and new products such as slurry.
Given the 16-year base for repayment of prior-year differential taxes, the 17-year net profit is likely to increase significantly. In addition, the possible consolidation of the beer industry is also a matter of concern.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board