Dcu's ongoing commitment to consolidating the share of national production numeracy, large model ecology, optimized application of landing-sealight information (688041.sh) incident evaluation report
Sealight Information release performance forecast for 2024: companies are expected to achieve business in 2024
Market share, which supports a wide range of data centres, cloud computing, high-end computing, etc. Multi-application scenarios; in the context of the aigc era, corporate dcu products have developed rapidly and have gained wider market recognition for high-calculability, high-end parallel processing capabilities
Powerful, good software ecology supports industry applications such as arithmetic infrastructure, business computing, etc., and further contributes to faster growth in corporate performance, expected investment, continuous technological innovation, product performance enhancement, and maintenance of domestic leadership
The series is well under way, with a steady increase in dcu input, and the company continues to increase its investment in dcu software.
including "dtk(dcutoolkit)", developing tool chains, model warehouses, etc., fully compatible with "cuda" "rocm" ecology, supporting tensorflow
Mainstream in-depth learning frameworks and mainstream applications, such as pytoch and paddlepaddle. With open ecology, the company builds a unified bottom hardware-driven platform with well-developed hierarchical software that can fit different api interfaces and compilations.
Translator and support common function libraries, ai algorithms, frames, etc. Deepseekv3 and r1 models complete sealight dcu matching and formally deepseekv3 and r1 models are based on a transformer structure, adopted
Multi-headlatentattention(mla) and deepseekmoe are two of the core technologies. mla significantly reduces memory occupancy by reducing kv caches and increases reasoning efficiency; deepseekmoe by auxiliary loss
In addition, DeepSeek has introduced innovative techniques such as multi-platform predictions, fp8 combined precision training, which has significantly improved the training efficiency and reasoning of models.
Deepseekr1 has also introduced intensive learning techniques, which have further enhanced model thinking and decision-making efficiency, making it attractive in complex mission processing, especially in situations where high-intelligent decision-making is needed.
These models are successfully adapted to the national production of the sealight dcu. The sealight dcu technical team will also continue to promote large model adaptations, matching and optimizing updates, with excellent arithmetic performance and sound software ecology, and the sea.
In several fields such as science, finance, medicine, politics, intelligence centres, etc. 156, 108 and 81 times, companies have continued to build up their capacity while accelerating the formation of eco-systems with large models.
The era continues to benefit from the need for arithmetic, covering for the first time, the macro-economic risk of “buy-in” investment, the risk of less than anticipated product development, the risk of increased competition in the industry, and the risk of less than anticipated downstream demand.
Mao Jianxian: Master of Arts in Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor manufacturer advanced programming project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.