High growth in performance and a period of development in the face of a wave of national production Events: On February 28, the company released its annual performance report for 2024. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $9,162 million, an increase of 52.40 per cent, and a net return of $1,931 million, an increase of the same value.
Wu Xing Jian's profit is 405 million yuan, an increase of 12.09% over the same period. The company's performance continues to grow robustly, mainly due to the Department's core strength in the field of high-end processors and its high-intensity R & D investment during the reporting period.
The increase of $3.446 billion, or 22.63 per cent, in R & D costs of 37.61 per cent, is a steady increase in technological innovation and product performance, and is widely recognized by users, coupled with a further increase in the share of the national production market, contributing to the growth of corporate performance and the validation of the industry ' s high profile.
Full-scale deployment of high-end processors in the field of state-owned production has reached the golden age. The company’s high-end processors, whose main products include cpu and dcu, have successfully completed independent research and development and commercialization of multi-generational products, widely applied to data centres in various industries, such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, and large data processing.
As the U.S. continues to upgrade its export controls on China’s high-end chips, driving the process of nationalization of arithmetic speed up, companies, as home-grown numeracy leaders, have advantages in terms of market position and competition.
High-level technology is self-sustaining, promising to support the growth of the IT industry, and 25 years will be a critical year for national production, with a major opportunity for the market for the replacement of party-based stocks, a firm with a clear cardboard advantage in the deep water, and a firm's self-researching chip to calculate the size of the third, leading to a growth in high-performance computer lines of business.
Deepseek pulls cloud computing and end-side computing demands, and sea light dcu has a significant advantage. Deepseek brings big model equals, driving the growth of reasoning end-calculation index levels, while Deepseek makes cloud meters the best carrier for the fall of ai technology, prompting cloud computing firms to quickly go to stock; and, on the other hand,
The opening source of deepseek + high performance has led the country to increase demand for large models, particularly in the context of data security and localization deployment, and to contribute to the rapid expansion of the end-side integrated machine market, in particular the demand for one machine and sprayed by party authorities and key industry clients, with the current trend of mainstream chip manufacturers in the country.
With a relative depth of 300, the company quickly completed the matching of the deepseekv3/r1 and Janus-pro models. We believe that deepseek drives cloud computing and end-side computing demands, opening up the upstream market space for home-grown chips.
The company's core advantage in the area of home-grown numeracy chip is derived from the gpgpu Universal Accelerator architecture used by dcu, which supports the full accuracy of fp8 to fp64 and therefore does not require a large amount of tailor-made work, reflecting the significant advantages of dcu in terms of ecosystems and technological capabilities, 25 years of business in the Internet, represented by Ali.
This cost is over-anticipated, and the growing demand for a single machine from government clients will contribute to sustained corporate gains. Investment advice: a company that leads a high-end national processor, is in the lead domestically in cpu and dcu chip technology, and the accelerated domesticization of computing power and the demand for credit-for-stock replacement drives the company’s performance.
In addition, Deepseek has brought about a restructuring of the industry, with further demand from downstream customers, with companies expected to hold and expected risks; downstream firms expected less than expected; and industry competition increasing the risks. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He is the executive director of the research department of a large, well-known pe institution. He has a second-tier market experience and has a long-term focus on research by technology companies.
In 2022, you joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.