High and sustained performance growth, and expected more breakthroughs for dcu, Sealight Information (688041.sh) • high-profile long-term corporate growth and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings
• High growth in income and profits, highlighting the high industry performance, net return to mothers of $1.929 billion, an increase of 52.73 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, q4 quarter is expected to achieve business income of $3.025 billion, an increase of 46.2 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $403 million, an increase over the same period
11.3% high growth in corporate income and profits, mainly as a result of new research and development focused on high-end processors, further expansion of product applications, and continued improvement in client recognition, which contributed to rapid growth in performance. • The case of United Internet Producers building poles, with further breakthroughs expected in 2025dcu
In 2024, the company’s cpu product further expanded its market applications and its market share, supporting complex applications such as data centres, cloud computing, high-end computing, etc. The company’s dcu product has three technological advantages: strong computing, high-speed parallel data processing, and good software eco-environment.
Scaled applications in the areas of artificial intelligence, large data processing, business computing, etc., have been achieved, using the training and reasoning of large models, and clients have covered industries such as ICSID's “new infrastructure”, the Internet, gold, and operators.
Hardware as a whole, building on several examples of poles. • Over-expected capital spending by Internet manufacturers is expected to drive investment in the national production of aai infrastructure.
Moreover, the Alibaba Group ceo-U-Sung has announced that Ali will invest more than $380 billion over the next three years to build cloud and ai hardware infrastructure, more than the sum of the last 10 years. Ali’s large Internet plant is increasing capital spending, and it is expected to generate investment in national production-ai infrastructure, companies, and companies.
It is expected that the benefits will be high as a leading national chip manufacturer.