The company’s 2024 performance forecast is expected to slow growth throughout the year, mainly as a result of: 1) the company’s continued expansion of the talent ladder, as disclosed in its annual report.
The Division maintains and consolidates the existing market position and competitive advantage of companies through high-intensity R & D inputs to upgrade technological innovation capabilities and product quality.
Further expansion of market applications and market share support for a wide range of complex applications such as data centres, cloud computing, high-end computing; rapid iterative development of dcu products with high arithmetic, high parallel processing capacity, good software ecology supporting arithmetic infrastructure, commercial computing, etc.
Cpu continues to grow, and the Internet dcu is expected to break through. 1) cpu product: According to the report entitled " China ' s proposals for the development of the IS hardware industry 2024-2026 " , published by Sadie, 22 years of the IT hardware market
Approximately $214.6 billion in size, estimated at $788.95 billion in 26 years, corresponding to 38.5 per cent in 22-26 years of cagr, cpu fully benefits from industry growth as a core hardware for letter creation; complete X86 command set for companies, Sealight Information (688041.sh) - Accelerated Growth of Income, Business Good --
Source code, continuous cpu product, with a significant competitive advantage. 2) dcu product: based on Salivin's annual report, Sealight Information (688041.sh) 2023: higher performance, higher disclosure data, Chinese ai chip market size of about 65.2 billion yuan in 23 years, expected to grow to 2582 million in 28 years.
Sealight Information (688041.sh) - based on cpu operations, horizontal expansion of the ai chip, corresponding to 31.7 per cent of cagr in 23-28 years, with rapid industry growth; company dcu products using gpgpu architecture, eco-improvement, based on corporate disclosure of information in investor interactive platforms, company and head Internet
The manufacturers have launched a joint program to build a national hardware and software-all-house-ai infrastructure, resulting in a multiplicity of stickers, and are expected to make significant progress on Internet clients over 25 years. Breaking through on Internet clients, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
The company's performance forecast for 2024 is expected to achieve business income. The company's talent ladder continues to expand throughout the year. According to the company's annual report, at the end of 23, there were 1641 corporate R & D staff, and the number of R & D staff increased to 1,855 in 24 years; 2) progress in the implementation of the project has been accelerated and the related technical services fees have been increased.
Research and development inputs to upgrade technological innovation capabilities and product quality, and to maintain and consolidate the company’s existing market position and competitive advantage. According to the company’s performance forecast, in 2024, corporate cpu products further expanded market applications, increased market share, and supported a wide range of complex applications such as data centres, cloud computing, high-end computing, etc.
The rapid and iterative development of the dcu product, with high arithmetic, high parallel processing capacity, good software ecology, etc. Application of the arithmetic infrastructure, business calculations, etc., has led to rapid growth in corporate performance. Figure 2: Sealight information single season net profits and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, %)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) from single-sealight information (in millions of yuan), Figure 4: Input and acceleration of customs information (in billions, per cent) China ' s recommendations for the development of the IT industry, revealed that the size of the IT market in 22 years was approximately 2,14.6 billion yuan.
It is estimated that in 26 years, 78.895 billion yuan, corresponding to 38.5 per cent in 22-26 years cagr, cpu being the core hardware of the letter, will fully benefit from industry growth; the company has the full X86 command core code, which continues to overlap with the cpu product, with a significant competitive advantage. 2) dcu product: 23 years of Chinese ai chip market regulations based on Sullivan disclosure data.
Modified by approximately $65.2 billion, expected to grow to $25.82 billion in 28 years, corresponding to 31.7 per cent in 23-28 years cagr and rapid growth in industry; company dcu products using gpgpu architecture, eco-improvement, based on disclosure of information from companies at the investor interface table, a joint programme was launched with leading Internet producers to build a national production of software and hardware.
There are a number of standard cases in the entire system, and 25 years are expected to see significant progress on Internet customers. Figure 5: Size and rate of growth of the Chinese hardware market (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: Size and rate of increase of China ' s i chip market (in billions, per cent)
The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoned judgment and conclusion, it was possible to make a breakthrough on the Internet and maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author