Events: 13 January, Sealight Information released a performance forecast for 2024. The company’s year-round revenues are expected to be \triangleright revenues and significant growth in profits, mainly as a result of the company’s continued deep cultivation in the generic computing market and technological innovations
Continued high-intensity R & D inputs to strengthen core technology autonomy. Companies \triangleright on product creation and technological innovation.
Maintenance of high levels of R & D investment, continuous improvement of the company ' s R & D system through sustained and larger-scale R & D inputs to maintain high levels of technological innovation. According to company announcements, in 2024, companies expect to develop 98 patents, 3 patents for physical design, 241 certificates for integrated circuit layout design registrations, and software writings.
Companies continue to scale up their research and development inputs in key technological areas to capture core high-end processor technologies, in the form of a large amount of autonomous intellectual property rights. As high-intensity R&D and core technologies build up, corporate technology, the Protector River, is consolidated, and the product mix is enriched.
1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) company event evaluation: The country’s cpu, dpu products have rapidly and rapidly evolved, and the layout and industry’s ecology have continued to improve.
The company actively supports industry in the construction of data centres and numeracy platforms, promoting intelligent computing, continuing to enhance depth integration with numeric calculations, and overall promotion of ai in intelligent cities, biopharmaceuticals, industrial manufacturing, scientific planning
Sealight Information (688041.sh) Tri-quarter 2024: Review: High-end processor research and development is progressing well, performance is bright and large-scale applications in a number of important areas accelerate the process of landing the “ai+” industry. 2024, company cpu
The product has demonstrated an excellent market outreach capability, and its applications have been further broadened to strongly support the complex applications of 3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) in the 2024 semi-annual reports, cloud computing, high-end computing, etc., in the context of the current aigc era.
Cpu and dcu products have been well-paced and well-performing, well-counted products have been steadily advanced, and the dcu products have evolved rapidly and have built up a complete software of self-opening up to 2024/08/21.
Inns, including “dtk(dcutoolkit), development of tool chains, model warehouses, etc., fully compatible with “cuda”, 4. Sealight Information (688041.sh) fast-performing `rocm' ecology in 2023, supporting mainstream in-depths such as tensorlow, pytoch and Paddlepaddle
The Dpu product, with its high-calculation, high parallel, 5. Sealight Information (688041.sh) 2023 performance pre-points, processing capabilities and excellent software ecology, provide arithmetic infrastructure, business computing, etc.
Remark: The competitive edge of products is growing, performance is increasing - strong support is increasing, blood is driving the company’s performance to faster growth. Investment proposal: We see that the company’s integrated circuit operations will be driven by downstream demand and will continue to grow.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.