Performance is expected to accelerate growth \triangleright, an increase of 52.40 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 1.931 billion yuan, an increase of 52.87 per cent in the same year; and deduction of non-repatriation
\triangleright's worth $3.2 billion, and the value of the finished product is $1.3 billion. Now, in the context of large country games and so on, some of the chip designers have supply difficulties, so that sufficient supplies are the basis on which the chip designers can develop.
The significant increase in inventories reflects firm resilience in the supply chain. 2) Corporate upstream firms work closely together, particularly in the areas of ip, eda design tools, chip manufacturing and encapsulation. 3) For downstream partners, feedback on the needs of firms and users based on server modification mechanisms, clear R & D directions, and clear research and development directions.
Focus on making research and development more relevant to the actual application of the market. The high-end sealight processor product has been widely recognized by the domestic industry, working with well-known server manufacturers such as Wave, Association, Xinhua, and the other side, which have developed a number of products based on sealight processors, workstations, etc. that have effectively promoted the high end of the sea light.
R & D power is the foundation, and the national chip taps remain technologically advanced. 1) The company is a small number of integrated circuit designers with high-end generic processors and co-processors, based on the x86 framework and the X86 framework.
Internationally advanced technologies, in combination with domestic industrial chain demand, produce high-end processor products. Their cpu and dcu products are home-grown leaders in performance and ecology, such as cpu, which has strong computing and extension capabilities based on advanced design techniques, and dcu, which is based on parallel computational microstructure designs with strong computing performance and energy efficiency.
2. By 2024, 2,157 or 90.18% of the company’s R & D technicians, of whom 1674 are masters and above.
Intensity: R & D inputs in 2024 amounted to 3,446 million yuan, an increase of 22.63 per cent over the previous year.
In key areas, nationally produced products based on sealight processors are largely autonomous, guaranteeing national information security, and 2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) incident assessment: national production capacity cutting-edge technology, i.e., self-valued in the i-era
Investment proposal: The company is the lead in the domestic chip field, cpu's business maintains a rapid pace of development, dcu 3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) tri-quarter 2024: Review: High-end processor research and development progresses well and performance is bright
Review: cpu and dcu products are well-paced, performance is steady; methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.