Quarterly rapid growth, high year-round growth, computer/software development.
The company received 970 million yuan in 2201, an increase of 29.6 per cent in the same year, the mother ' s net profit was a loss of $41 million, a decrease of 124 per cent in the same year, the non-mother ' s net profit was a decrease of $15 million, a decrease of 59 per cent in the same year. The company ' s collection ended with a 29.6 per cent increase in the first quarter.
At the profit end, the company had a Māori rate of 70.4 per cent, a 1.9 percentage point decline over the same period, mainly as a result of the growth in the company ' s customized development business, and the sales/management/R & D/financial cost differential, which was influenced by increases in Māori rates and time costs, but more significantly by non-recurrent losses.
Cash inflows are faster. Growth can be high throughout the year. Cash flows from companies selling goods and providing labour are more rigid, so the quarterly cash inflows are more indicative. We think that companies are growing at a high rate throughout the year. 1) In their 21-year report, companies set a target of a 25% increase in revenue over 22 years, exceeding historical levels.
Rapid growth; 2) taking into account the impact of the epidemic in Shenzhen and Shanghai at the beginning of the year, the company’s revenue ends were affected, and the real business performance was better than it was; 3) the 22q1 inventory was 550 million and the ring was 80 million more than 21a, mainly to provide a good basis for contract performance and subsequent growth.
Competitiveness is strong, and the growth space is still wide. Companies are industry leaders, and competitiveness is high, rising to 38 in 2021 in the global ranking of idc finance and technology.
Hengsheng Electronics-600570 - Critical Events Rapid Evaluation: Acquisition of Summit China District Operations, which will land in a wider range of customers each year; 2) Companies actively develop new lines of business, including the acquisition of Pate.
The advance insurance, the introduction of the pms portfolio system, the acquisition of the Summit fund management system, the customised development of the layout of customers, etc., will open up the space for growth; 3) Our capital market reforms are moving deeper.
Water area, where companies are the deep beneficiaries. Investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating. Rapid growth in revenue collection, with performance more affected by non-recurring gains and losses.
At the end of the profit, the company had a 70.4% Māori rate of 2201 and a 1.9 percentage point decline compared with the previous year, mainly due to the growth in corporate customization development, with sales/management/R & D/financial costs, respectively.
The downside of the company’s performance is influenced by increases in the Māori rate and the cost of the period, but more importantly by non-recurrent gains and losses (2201 non-authors guarantee that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and the results of the analysis are based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author