The new product is going well, and it's expanding and consolidating its leader.
High income growth and the landing of new products: quarterly, the company () achieved a relative depth of 300 in four quarters, and the entry criteria formed a lower base, officially entering the same calibre as the company's revenue starting with q3 this year.
In the comparable period, q4 continued with a higher rate of income growth. For sub-operations, the company’s top two major businesses, at a growth rate of 39.79 per cent and 39.84 per cent, respectively.
There has been a better growth in product lines, such as operating platforms. Internet innovation has also generated 33.69% income growth, with faster growth in data services, data terminal applications, data hubs, intelligent research, etc.
The industry has also made its first client officially online, with an estimated 6.0 mark, while securities, banks, trusts, and funds are receiving a large number of cooperating clients, a growing number of cases have been reported.03 Income growth is high, and the dividends of the political change are waiting to be released.
The faster growth of staff during the roll-out of new products has resulted in cost and short-term cash flow pressure: firm 21 has experienced steady growth in revenue, looking forward to the upgrading of core products 72.98 per cent per annum, a decrease of 4.09 pct compared to the previous year; sales, management, R & D costs, respectively
The significant increase in costs is due mainly to the fact that the company is currently in the process of importing new products, that it has not been able to reach the stage where mature products are plugged in, and that more practitioners are required to customize to some extent.
Development, with a high level of staff investment in raising client satisfaction, the number of staff increased by 36.67 per cent over the same period, with technical staff increasing by 50.62 per cent to 8659 over the same period. This has also led to higher spending on corporate remuneration than the increase in cash inflows, resulting in lower operating cash flows.
Internal outreach and improvement of the technology and product layout of companies: In-house technology R&D, companies invest in Xia Qinghua to keep the industry ahead of schedule at 38.92% of the cost of R&D.
Core products uf3, 045, valuation 6, a new generation of ta fully upgraded cloud-based technologies, are also officially online with key clients at the time of S02700520050001.
Wang Xianxing listed new technology products, such as a relationship database that supports the financial innovation business scene, a platform that supports the full-blown coverage of the business system, and active participation.
Technological innovations in the areas of information technology databases, high performance, and artificial intelligence. In terms of external M&As, the company acquired the capital management system head company of Finastra for 21 years, summit, which quickly moved into the capital management system of large and medium-sized banks; and with the controlling subsidiaries.
The business integration of the network has improved the company ' s profile in the area of the banking transaction system.