Core business maintained high growth, and new management came on board to invigorate growth.
• In April 2022, the company completed a change of management, with a new management team with more technical resources, and in the context of a start-up, technology was expected to hold.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved revenue of 973 million yuan, an increase of 29.59 per cent in the same year, and maintained a rapid increase in income;
35.81 per cent; with $394 million in revenue from large-scale managedit revenues, an increase of 35.85 per cent over the same period, and high growth in core business.In view of the impact of the epidemic, corporate income continued to grow rapidly throughout the quarter, laying the foundation for the year ' s goals.
On April 15, 2022, the company issued an announcement to complete the change of management, electing Mr. Liu Liao Feng, former Vice-President of the company, as Chairman, and Mr. Fan Jiu, former Vice-President, as Vice-President, as President, and Mr. Peng, former Chairman of the Board, as Director of the company, to lead work related to capital markets and investment financing.
Since graduation from Zhejiang University, he has been in charge of the technical lines of the company ' s products. He has been the leader of the Corporate Information Update Report -- Multi-factor Resonance, the breakthrough in the development of the public core system and key technologies. He has been the Managing Director of the company ' s R & D Centre and Director of Technology; and
The company’s new vice president is also a technical resource when it comes to accelerating the pace of growth in the long term. We believe that the company’s new management has more of the company’s update report - a rapid growth in performance.
The technological background, the continuous introduction of skilled talent in recent years, and the future will continue to be based on autonomous R & D routes, and, in a climate of confidence, technology is expected to make a sustained breakthrough in order to inject new dynamism into the company.
Development, Financial Insights -