The boundaries of the constant electronics, the widening of the boundaries of the products, the firm position of the King's Dragons, the amount of $1.464 billion (+10.73 per cent), the high growth in performance, the long-term maintenance of the technological edge, the products
▪ The financial innovation policy has been highly catalytic, with large retail and large-capitalist IT operations growing at a sharp rate. q4 single seasons, now 2,376 million yuan (+29.50%), net profit 786 million yuan (-13.94%), net interest deductions for the year and impairment losses of assets during the reporting period being reduced by $227 million compared to the previous year.
The value of Māori was reduced by 4.09 pct to 72.98 per cent compared to the increase in staff costs, with businesses leading the way. During the reporting period, companies acquired the bank fund management system under the finastra banner.
The core products, uf3, o45, Valuation 6, and the new generation of ta, have all completed the technological upgrade and up-to-date, and the Light technology platform continues to do its best, with the product boundaries widening continuously and with full depth involved in the financial digital transformation.
Breakthrough product 045 successfully went online to prepare for the digital transformation of the capital. At the end of the 21st year, the company’s new CMS O45 officially went online at the Huabao Fund, marking a major breakthrough in the digital transformation of the capital sector.
The rest of the core products are on the rise, and it is expected that the subsequent releases will lead to faster growth. Financial markets are volatile; financial digitization is not as fast as expected.
"Alternative Electronics: Growth as Normal, Highlighting the King's Chieftainship" "Alternative Electronics: Receivables, R & D and Incentive Effectiveness", 20210129
"Hongsin Electronics: Sustained Performance, Listing of Beneficiary Ants, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consulting business
Computer: software development