\triangleright revenue growth is higher than expected, and continues to grow faster if disturbed. \triangleright is the speed with which the company’s 22q1 income is growing. \triangleright
Large Retailit, Large Retailit, $394 million, increased at a rate of 35.8% and 35.9%, respectively, and still contributed to the rapid growth of corporate revenue as a traditional core owner. The statistical calculus adjustment is mainly the incorporation of the ta module in Large Retailit and the transfer of insurance interest.
The rapid expansion of the size of the workforce and the high base of non-recurrent gains and losses result in short-term profit-side pressure. At the profit end, 22q1 presents short-term pressure, mainly because of the pace of recognition of corporate income. The company’s income is recognized as higher in the second half of the year, especially in the fourth quarter, usually in the light of the season, but mainly in terms of employee remuneration.
The cost of this is four-quarterly average, with a constant increase in the size of its workforce in 2021 in an effort to seize the opportunity of a digital transition in financial institutions. The total number of employees by the end of 21 was 133,000, with a corresponding increase in non-recurring gains and losses, which also resulted in a higher overall profit base last year.
Management changes, and the digital transformation of financial institutions brings about a new round of demand.
The General Assembly completed the change of management, with Mr. Liu Xiao Feng as Chairman and Mr. Fan as Vice-Chairman and President, and three new leaders from the technical backgrounds of Shigesu, Han Hae-tsung and Fang Xiaoming as Vice-President.
Mr. Peng will continue to be the director of the company, leading the work related to capital markets and investment finance; formerly, setting high growth targets, the sword being the dividends of capital market reform, and the director of the company, Mr. Chiang Jianxing, will be the director of the company.
2. Permanent electronics (600570) performance forecast: Performance meets expectations, continues to benefit from capital market reforms Transition needs, re-constructing leadership, expanding the size of the staff to perform service operations and integrating with client depth
The acquisition of summit by Helium Electronics (600570) together captures the forward-looking needs of digitalization, thus laying the foundation for the next generation of leading products.
The Fund's development has been valued and market space has been opened up. On April 26, the CSRC released the three-quarters review of Guan 4. Hengsheng Electronics (600570), 2021: Views to accelerate the high-quality development of the public fund-raising industry, with explicit reference to the expansion of public fund-raising and corporate initiatives.
The three-quarter income performance, with a focus on long-term growth, is expected to benefit fully from the capital of the pipeline.
Performance is expected to sustain good growth and a “recommended” rating for the triple dividend of capital market reforms, the digital transformation of financial institutions and the replacement of national production. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.