The year 2021 saw a rapid increase in revenue, R & D plus M & D, and a strong firmer, research assistant Wang Shijie.
Events: The company published its annual report for 2021, where it achieved operating income of $5.497 billion, an increase of 31.73 per cent over the same period; net profit deductions of $947 million, an increase of 29.03 per cent over the same period. Performance met market expectations.
For example, 2,111 million yuan, an increase of 39.79 per cent in the same year, for the large retailit business; 1,708 million yuan, an increase of 39.84 per cent in the same year; and 69 per cent for the data risk and infrastructureit business in 2021, which benefited from the arrival and downstream demand of new products.
In 2021, the company’s rate of growth increased, mainly as a result of the company’s market opening, the emphasis on R & D, the growth of people and the increase in remuneration. ▪ Focus on R & D, leading the product and technology industry: 2021, core products such as uf3.0 and o45.
With regard to technology upgrades, the Light technology platform continues to do well, publishing a range of new technology products, such as a relationship-based database to support the financial innovation business scene, and a support business department.
In 2021, he acquired finastra.
Financial management system Summit and opics-related operations and intellectual property rights, in the field of banking and monetary management systems, have started subscription fees. In the international market, in 2021, Henseng acquired Malaysia's net 2ndconnect 23.6% share through the controlling subsidiary, the cloud holding stock.
South Asian markets. On the product matrix, in 2021, the company built up its stockholding intelligence in Danwor, adding to its intellectual research product line.
In 2022, the full registration system is expected to be "Emergency Electronics (600570): a long slope of snow.
It is hoped that the carbon-trading market will accelerate and that, as a financial giant, eternal electronics will benefit fully from the wave of information-system-building improvements brought about by China’s financial-market reforms. The financial-it-structured long-run champion will be the best.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The technological industry of Helium Electronics is leading, market space is opening up, and as China’s financial market reform progresses, companies are expected to reach a rapid period of growth. Consider the three main financial forecasts of Helium Electronics.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board