Quarterly review in 2022: short-term factors lead to profit overhang, strong long-term logic for financial market change, research assistant Wang Shijie
Incidents: On 27 April 2022, Hengsheng Electronics published a first-quarter report for 2022, and companies achieved revenue of 973 million yuan, an increase of 29.59 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother - $41 million, a decrease of 124,49 per cent in the same year, and short-term factors such as rising staff pay and the epidemic resulted in performance pressure: in the first quarter of 2022, the public,
The net profit from non-repatriation decreased by 59.13 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a 37 per cent increase in the company ' s personnel in 2021 and a relative rigidity in personnel costs, but at the end of the harvest, the impact of the epidemic was certain, and the reduction in net profit from non-repatriation due to the impact of delivery was temporary, and the growth was a high rate of follow-up to the company.
Preparations for the show will increase corporate profitability as the epidemic picks up and picks up.  New management will take office, business blocks will be redefined, and the strategy will become clearer: on April 16, 2022, the company announced the election of a new management, which will provide the company with a more responsive approach to the new era of intelligence finance.
Good organizational security and strong motivation. In the first quarter of 2022, the company regrouped the business board and transferred the relevant product lines and insurance coreit operations from the former Great Retail IT operations into the large portfolio of IT operations and the corporate, insurance core and infrastructureit operations, respectively.
The Ministry has been integrated accordingly. This restructuring has led to a greater concentration of corporate retailit, major fundit, standardized products, more individualized services for clients in business, insurance core and infrastructureit, data risks and platform technology focus big data.
Clarifying, creating a “high-iron model” for financing finance to 2030.  The financial sector is constantly changing in innovation, and the long-term logic is still strong: April 26, 2022, reports: rapid growth in revenue collection, R & D + and co-financing.
The CSRC issued an Opinion on Accelerating the Development of Quality in the Public Fund Industry, which clearly states that the public fund managers will be strengthened and that they will actively promote the establishment of fund management companies in accordance with the law by high-quality financial institutions, such as commercial banks, insurance agencies, securities offices, etc.; and will invest in the development of core competencies;
Continue to strengthen compliance control; actively encourage product and business compliance innovation. Based on this, the Fund, the E.H.D. (600570), the number of clients and the value of individual clients in the long slope snow industry and securitiesit will be expected to increase, with constant electricity.
As industry leaders, it is hoped that they will benefit from innovation in the financial sector in the long term.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: China’s financial sector will continue to change, innovate, and thrive in the future.
It brings with it a huge amount of demand for construction, a long-term lead in electronic technology, a new strategic orientation, and intellectual finance. In spite of short-term factors such as the epidemic, we see the value of company growth in the long term, and we maintain "Single Electronics" (600570): 2021,3
Quarterly review: rapid growth in revenue, sustained three major e-commerce financial projections.