Chinese Airspace (60111.sh) Airfield
• Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The aircraft has introduced an accelerated passenger occupancy rate, and the price-priority strategy has had remarkable results: in the third quarter of 2017, the public-responsible pressure was apparent. But the firm implementation of the price-priority strategy by the State Air has been remarkable. The company q3rpk has increased by 3.8%, the harvest has increased by 9.1%, and is expected to increase the per capita income by about 5% in the season.
The first strategy is an important reason for accelerating growth in corporate revenue. Oil price margins are improving, and exchange rate gains are driving the net profit up from a negative shift: q1~q3 Brent in 2017.
In addition, the renminbi appreciated by 4.5% in the first three quarters of 2017, the renminbi devalued by 2.5% in the same period last year, and the exchange gains and losses significantly improved, reducing corporate financial costs by 4.6 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2017 and q4 yuan, which is still expected to improve over last year.
3. " Quality of returns leading the industry to repair -- 31.9 per cent increase from the same year to the same year, driving a negative shift in corporate performance from 3.8 per cent in the first half of the year to 14.6 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Next year's high-profile, yield-quality leading industry: international shipping rights for central American and Central European routes in 2017 4. Supply and demand are good, guest rates are back up, exchange losses are sustained! Distribution is almost complete, and it is expected that international trunkline power will be significantly curtailed next year, and international airline fares will be priced.
Or it's going to be a year-on-year increase; and because of the new Civil Aviation Authority standards, the first-line airport will have more resources at a time next year.
At the firm level, core competitive industries with fare-earning management are expected to lead, yield significantly higher quality than brother companies, and the high profile is expected to continue to boost the performance of the country’s main aviation fleet.
The company has an absolute advantage at the hub in Beijing, with well-positioned international routes and well-cultivated high-quality markets: a price-priority strategy, leading in terms of yield quality; three of the lowest pb flights, with repair space.
The impact of macroeconomic downturns, high oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, outbreaks of disease and severe weather events.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.