China International Holdings [0161.hk; HK$10.20; unrated] - Deep South Circuit (002916.ch) Summary: Deep South Holdings (002916.ch), a subsidiary with 69.7% interest in China Air International Holdings (0161.hk), published yesterday the results of the ipo online requisitions.
Given the above factors, we expect a very strong stock price performance after the company is listed. On the same basis, the public sector has a large number of customers in the telecommunications sector.
The industry estimates that we expect a market gain of no less than 30 times in 2017 for deep south circuits. For China International Holdings, the net value of each share of assets would be HK$26.11 if it were assumed that the converted securities would not be exchanged. If 40% of the holding companies were given concessions, China International Holdings would have a reasonable value.
Deep South Circuit: Leader of the pcb industry in China. Deep South was founded in 1984, at 23.1%. These factors led to a net profit growth of more than 100% in the first half of 2017, with a very long history in the pcb industry in China. The company is the largest indigenous pcb plant in the country.
In 2016, the share of the global market was 1.28%. Last year, the company was China’s fifth-largest pcb with an annual income of 4.6 billion yuan.
In the first half of this year, more than 70% of the revenue from the deep south circuit came from pcb operations. The company has also developed a blockboard and electronics complex in recent years.
Ten thousand square metres per year and 206,000 square metres per year. According to the company ' s expansion plan, companies provide one-stop solutions for their clients. pcb capacity will increase by 340,000 square metres per year and base plate capacity by 600,000 square metres per year.
In the past, the company had anticipated that once the two projects had reached full production, they would contribute a net annual profit of $301 million, and for several years, the revenue from deep south circuits invested in R & D would be more than 5 per cent of total income.
On 30 June, research and development personnel accounted for 11.96% of the total number of employees. Two projects that companies can produce in bulk will be an important engine of growth in the coming years.
In recent years, companies have won a strong stock price when they are listed. Like traditional shares ipo, ipo, Hornewell, Universal Electric Medicine, etc., the company is in the process of receiving quality awards from a number of customers.
More focused on the development of enterprise-level products, with more than 50 per cent of the company ' s income coming from the telecommunications industry (whose main applications include medical care, consumer electronics and automobiles). The entry threshold for enterprise-level products was higher, with net profits of RMB 252 million in the first half of 2017, assuming net profits of about 500 million for the year as a whole.
The time for obtaining certification is usually longer. In the case of the enveloped base plate business, the company currently predicts a market gain of only 11 times in 2017, well below the industry ' s deep south circuit.
The market share of companies in the global market is more than 30%, as the base plate is widely applied to smartphones. Thus, the market-led deep south circuit is expected to record strong stock prices on the market.
In the first half of this year, China was the largest customer on the deep south circuit, and should be a positive catalyst for international control. If it was assumed that the convertable securities would not be swapped, each of them would be a positive catalyst.
The net equity value will be HK$26.11. If 40% of the holding companies are given concessions, China International’s risk factors for deep south circuits will be: (1) China’s 5g investment is lower than expected: (ii) the capacity expansion business, coupled with close collaboration between the company and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
Zhang is faster than expected; (3) customer concentration risks, with China benefiting from an increase in its total revenue of about 5 g. In the case of enveloped base-plate operations, China’s share in the global market is 25%; (4) technology risks: failure to maintain technological advantages vis-à-vis Chinese counterparts and failure to do so
Thanks to the expansion of midwifery capacity and improved profitability, profits grew high in the first half of the year. Thanks to deep south circuits, the benefits of expansion in 2016 were fully realized this year, with companies earning the same amount as in the first half of 2017.
This growth ranged from 28 to 2.6 billion yuan. With the expansion of the company’s capacity to complete production and the increase in overseas sales of its gold, the company’s Māori ratio increased from 20.5% in 2016 to 1st semester of 2017, figure 1: products and services provided by the deep south circuit
The study is not directed at or intended to be issued or used by any person or citizen or entity within or outside the jurisdiction of certain jurisdictions, but it distributes, issues, offers or makes use of such jurisdictions that would be contrary to applicable local laws or regulations or would result in the registration or licensing of China's Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. (“Galactic International Securities”) and/or its group members within that jurisdiction.
Accuracy, correctness or completeness makes a statement or assurance (express or implied). This report should not be regarded as an offer, invitation or solicitation to purchase or sell securities quoted in any document. The past performance should not be regarded as an instruction or assurance of future performance, and the absence of a statement or assurance, express or implied, is made for the purpose of future performance.
The information, observations and projections in any part of the report reflect only the individual opinions and opinions of the analysts responsible for preparing the present report, which do not necessarily correspond to the investment decisions of Galactic International Finance Holdings Ltd. of China and its affiliated companies (“Galactic International of China”), directors, administrators, agents and employees (“associated persons”).