Focusing on electronic interconnection, the company has three operations, namely, printing circuit boards, envelope boards, and electronic fittings, which form the unique “3-in-0ne” business layout of the industry: with connectivity at its core, the company is vigorously developing its “technology-like” coatings and “customer-based” electronic packagings.
Development of value chain-wide services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing to provide clients with a professional and efficient one-stop solution. After many years of development, the company has become a leader in the production of circuit boards in China. (1) The company focuses on high-school end manufacturing, producing backboards, high-speed multi-layers, multi-purpose metal base panels, thick copper panels, high-frequency microwave boards, fresh scratches.
In addition, companies are committed to new product R & D and market expansion, constantly optimizing product structures in order to compete for and consolidate the goal-based market niche. Companies are now the world’s leading wireless station RF powerer pcb supplier, the Asia-Pacific region’s leading aerospace pcb supplier, and the country’s leading processor.
Chip enveloped base plate suppliers; corporate-made silicon micromic system envelopes have been used extensively on smartphones such as apples and three stars, with global field occupancy of more than 30%. 223 patents, including 203 patents, one international pc patent, and the number of patent authorizations in the forefront of the industry, with a large number of autonomous research and development.
Production and research cooperation between scientific institutes such as the Fraunhoferizm Institute has led to research and development of high-density, multi-layered, three-dimensional, high-density, cpu and high-performance projects to upgrade the technology content of new products. (3) The company has always been market-oriented, continuously improving its operational efficiency and project management capacity, successfully re-engineering and introducing it.
Oraclerp, which has a complete business process, has accumulated rich experience in cost control, production management, quality control, and product delivery. At the same time, the company has promoted centralized supply chain process management, demonstrated excellence in the production operations of “multiplicity, fast delivery” and achieved “silent closings” of key client orders, achieving end-to-end delivery support and effectively raising client satisfaction.
In the six months following the report, securities have increased or declined over the 300 index. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained therein shall be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and shall consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.