China Oil: On July 26, China Petroleum announced its semi-annual performance forecast for 2017, which is expected to result in a significant increase in the net profit of RMB 9-11 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the first half of the year.
The group expects a significant increase in the net return profit ratio due to a small base of net return profits of 528 million yuan in the first half of last year. In the second quarter, the net return profit was 3.353 billion yuan, a decline in the ring ratio.
Research Assistant: Wei Jiaxuan Group achieved a significant increase in the price of oil on average over the same period, with the Group expected to achieve an average price of about $49 per barrel in the first half of the year, compared to the same period last year, especially the first quarter of the world.
Average oil prices were lower, reaching an average crude oil price of $33.09 per barrel in the first half of the past year. In the second half of 2017, low international oil prices were expected to run at a low level, and uncertainty remained, with the overall moderate rise in the overall gas industry showing a high climate or becoming a growth point in group performance.
In the first half of the year, the country grew by more than 10% in both gas production and imports, and by 15.2% in natural gas consumption, a double-digit increase since 2014. High demand for consumption plus progress in natural gas reforms, such as marketization of gas prices, network construction, etc.
In the first half of the year, the average annual price of gasoline and diesel fuel was equal to that of the previous year.
In the first half of the year, the average ethylene price fell sharply in relation to the same price, and reforms in the state were less than expected. Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.