China Oil: Steady, Active, Out of the Winter, Exploration and Production: Breaking the Winds and Out of the Downs
Billions of barrels; 32.762 billion cubic feet of natural gas are planned for production, almost the same as last year, and q1 has reached 89.9 billion cubic feet. Group operating costs per unit of oil and gas have been reduced to $11.67 per barrel in 2016, petrochemical industry research team
Research assistant: Wei Jiaxuan gas and pipelines: future developments are expected, influenced by factors such as the price of natural gas, the increase in sales over the same period of the previous year, gas and pipeline boards in 2017q1
Of the $9,882 million in operating profits realized, $5,165 million more than in the previous year, $5,984 million was lost in sales of imported natural gas and ng’s net loss of RMB, or 77 million less. Thanks to policy support, natural gas and pipeline operations are growing rapidly, and future development is expected.
In 2017, the group planned to process 1,017 million barrels of crude oil, q1 had processed 246 million barrels, down 0.6 per cent from the same period, and the refining and chemical plates had achieved a profit of RMB 8,177 million, compared to the same amount.
13.81 billion yuan. In the short term, the refining industry as a whole is still at a high level of profitability, owing to the recovery in the price of materials, strict cost controls, further reductions in unit cash processing costs, and optimization of product balances.
This is an important measure to broaden the range of refined oils.  sales: operating profits have increased significantly 2017,q1, and the group is facing weak domestic demand for finished oil, low prices, and high competition in the market.
The sales operations benefited from higher average prices for finished oils, as well as from marketing efficiency measures, which resulted in the sale of 38.639,000 tons of finished oil, an increase of 1.13 million tons, compared to the previous period. The sales plate achieved a substantial increase in operating profits of 2,922 million yuan.
The reform of the hydrocarbon system has accelerated, looking at exploration and exploitation, gas plates, oil and gas fields: the Xinjiang pilot is continuing. Four of Xinjiang ' s six oil and gas blocks were successfully tendered in the first round in 2015. The second round was launched this year on a larger scale, with nearly 30 oil and gas zones.
After the bidding is completed, effective changes will be made to the overall low-exploration, low resource discovery, and low-growth and production patterns of the good Xinjiang. The opening of additional oil and gas exploration blocks will further activate the upstream mining market.
Natural gas: Current gas price adjustment and network development are progressing in parallel, and the official launch of the Opinion on Accelerating the Use of Natural Gas identifies four priority tasks for the implementation of the urban gas project, the gas power project, the industrial fuel upgrade project, the transportation fuel upgrade project, which identifies the main areas of future natural gas use in the country and the main areas of future natural gas use in the country.
In line with the goals of the gas reform, the share of natural gas in the primary energy consumption structure is about 10% by 2020. Our share of natural gas in primary energy consumption is currently low, with a significant difference from the world average of 25%, while demand for consumption collides with the gas price market.
In the first half of the year, global demand for crude oil rose steadily, demand from major countries stabilized, and Chinese oil stabilized.
Imports continue to rise. In the context of the economic recovery in the United States and Europe, it is likely that future demand for crude oil and petroleum products will continue to grow at a steady pace. The focus around crude oil supply and demand is concentrated on the supply end, which has been agreed between OPEC and Russia-led non-OPEC oil-producing countries since 10 December last year.
Countries have performed well since the cut-off agreement, with the rate of implementation of the cut-off rate of 100 per cent fluctuations over the past six months and the extension of the cut-off agreement until the first quarter of 2018: on the other hand, the acceleration of output growth in producing member countries and the sustained growth of crude oil production in the United States has reached a high point, to a greater extent offset by the increase in crude oil production in the United States.
The price of international crude oil continues to be pressured by the country of production of Oec. But we don't think it is necessary to be pessimistic that the stock of commercial crude oil in the United States has peaked in March, that the profit and loss balance of shale oil remains a strong support for oil prices and that oil prices are expected to remain at $40-60/barrel shocks in the second half of the year.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.