Researchchand developmentcenter continued high performance and integrated platforms continued to be empowered
\Trangleright \Trangleright
Continued high performance growth and expansion of productive capacity provide the basis for long-term development. 1) Strong corporate performance has benefited from the impetus of high-profile businesses such as small molecules \triangleright cdmo and the recovery of clinical coro operations.
Growth: 2,021q1 operating income of $4,950 million (+55.31 per cent), 2,021,q2 operating income of $5,586 million (+38.14 per cent), company operating income has been maintained since 2018 in 13 (3), sales revenue from the top 20 pharmaceutical companies worldwide amounted to $2,967 million (+28.72 per cent), “Longtails” and
The sales revenue of Chinese clients is $7.570 billion (+53.67 per cent), and the global enthusiasm for innovation has increased, prompting high growth in the income of Chinese customers at the “Long-tail” level; and 4) the continued empowerment of the adjusted net-ifrs platform, the deep layout of cells and the field of gene therapy ctdmo.
1) The company takes full advantage of the “integrated, end-to-end” platform by providing multiple services to its clients and contracting 81 projects; continuously expanding the small molecules' crdmo integration platform, adding 341 new tube lines, covering about 14 per cent of the world's clinical phase of small molecule innovation; and building the whole range
New adc-cdmo platforms to build new capacity. 2) Acquisition of qxgene, development of tessa and xlenti technologies, deep layout cell and gene therapy ctdmo domain, and creation of new growth-driven platforms.
\triangleright Competition in the industry increases risks, policy implications risks, risks of offshore operations and international policy changes
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Business income continued to grow around the ring, with a high rate of net profit not attributable to the mother. In the first half of 2021, it benefited from the promotion of high-profile businesses such as small molecules, cdmo, and the recovery of clinical coro operations. Corporate performance continued to grow at a high rate, and the main business received 13 seasons of ring growth (with the exception of 2020q1 due to the new crown pneumonia epidemic), reflecting a high level of corporate business.
2021h1, the company achieved a net return profit of 2,675 million yuan, an increase of 55.79 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 2,227 million yuan, an increase of 88.05 per cent in the same year, and a net adjusted profit of 2,448 million non-ifrs, an increase of 67.8 per cent, reflecting further improvements in the use and efficiency of the company ' s productive capacity.
China District Laboratories and Small Molecular Cdmo operations continue to contribute high revenues. 2021h1, benefiting from the new crown disease mitigation, corporate international leadership, integration platform empowerment, etc., China District Laboratories earned $5.487 billion, an increase of 45.16 per cent from the same year, Small Molecular Cdmo/cmo earned 3,599 million yuan from the same year, an increase of 66.47 per cent from the same year, and US District Laboratories.
China District Laboratory (mainly pre-cro) and Small Molecular cdmo/cmo (mainly all-pharmaceuticals) combined income amounted to 86.23 per cent, maintaining a trend of high and sustained growth.
Figure 4: Percent of income from Pharmacy ' s 2021h1 operations, benefiting from sustained investment in global innovation research and development, high domestic enthusiasm for innovation and research and development, high domestic income, “Longtails” and contributions from Chinese households. 2021h1, the company ' s revenue from abroad was RMB 8,036 million, a 45 per cent increase from the same year, 76 per cent from the same period.
The sales revenue of the top 20 pharmaceutical companies was 2,967 million yuan, an increase of 28.72 per cent over the same period, sales revenue from “Longtails” and Chinese customers amounted to 7,570 million yuan, an increase of 53.67 per cent over the same period, and contributions from “Longtails” and Chinese clients grew faster than those of large clients.
After a slight decrease in the adjusted noon-ifrs rate and a significant increase in the adjusted net noon-ifrs interest rate, for the Māori rate, 2021h1, the company ' s overall Māori rate was 36.98 per cent, an increase of 0.09 percentage points over the same period, and the adjusted non-ifrs Māori rate was 38.93 per cent, a decrease of 0.44 percentage points over the same period.
The recovery of the Bedcro operation has resulted in a significant increase in the Māori rate, partly offset by a decline in the U.S. District Laboratories due to the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and the delayed delivery of bla by some clients, with the company’s Māori rate in a slightly volatile state. The growth has benefited from a reduction in the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, a recovery in the efficiency of the company’s operations, and a decrease in the cost rate.
Figure 7: Mäorirate of Mänkönd drug, Figure 8: Net interest rate of Mänönkönd drug administration rate dropped significantly and non-net interest rate of pullback increased. 2021h1, cost 17.00 per cent for the company period, compared to the same period
The increase in staff growth, the consolidation of research and development capabilities and the status of staff, and the rapid expansion of the capacity of capex. The number of employees in the 2021h1 company reached 28,542, an increase of 25.05 per cent over the same period and an increase of over 2,000 from the end of 2020, including 23,655 research and development staff.
2. Each of the four major business plates has its bright spots, and the integrated platform continues to empower the regional laboratory service in China: research and development is strong and the business has been fruitful. 2021h1, the business has achieved a total income of $5.487 billion, an increase of 45.16 per cent, and a gross profit of $2,255 million.
China ' s laboratory operations have increased by 544 new clients, with a total of 1612, and long-tail clients have continued to grow, contributing up to 65 per cent of operating income in 2021q2 yuan.2021h1 The revenue from toxicology services has increased by 85 per cent compared to the previous year, and companies have become industry leaders in drug surveillance;
During the first half of the ddsu operation, 7 inds were delivered and 8 ctas were obtained. There are currently 225 active projects, with 126 projects in the ind and clinical development stages (2 clinical iii, 12 clinical ii, 68 clinical i services, 81 projects were contracted during the first half of the year; and the company service line was the result of high demand for ctdmo services in the country
Up to 15 (12 pre-clinical and i tests and 2 ii/ii tests) Figure 13: Continued growth in the Māori rate of laboratory operations in China District (millions of yuan) cdmo operations: the continuous expansion of the integrated platform support tube line and the beginning of the expansion of capacity.
2021h1, the business block generated a total revenue of 3,599 million yuan, an increase of 66.47 per cent over the same period, a gross profit of 1,475 million yuan, the addition of 341 product lines to the small molecule cdmo operation, including 20 “winners” projects, 4 new commercial projects, including an integrated cmc project, the small molecule cdmo operation through the integrated crdmo platform
There are 1413 ongoing projects, covering about 14% of the clinical stage of small molecular innovation medicine worldwide. For the big molecule cdmo, 2021h1 company has 87 servicemen for nucleotide and polyazine cdmo, 49 more than at the end of 2020, 33 more adc-cdmo clients, 12 more than at the end of 2020.
In May 2021, the Department launched the integrated, end-to-end adc-cdmo platform. In May 2021, the production base for the development of tin-free preparations became operational, making an initial contribution to the growth of operations in the first half of 2021.
Continued expansion of productive capacity and improved command capacity.Figure 15: Cdmo Māori growth rate (billion yuan) Figure 14: Cdmo sustained growth in operating income (billion yuan)
Clinical cro/smo operations: Smo operations first in the country, accelerated recovery of clinical cro operations. 2021h1, the portfolio generated a total of 783 million yuan, an increase of 56.60 per cent in the same year, a gross profit of 107 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 87.72 per cent in the same year and an adjusted gross profit of 130 million non-ifrs in the same year, an increase of 72.1 per cent in the same year.
With respect to smo operations, the company supported the release of 14 products, with approximately 4,000 employees and 147 cities nationwide, serving nearly 960 hospitals.cro clinically, benefiting from effective control of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the country, sustained business recovery, 2021h1 uniforms
Three product registration experiments were completed for more than 170 projects, and US district laboratory operations: multiple factors have led to a decline in growth rates, promising a significant increase in future performance, and the negative impact of the new crown epidemic continues, with a declining operational efficiency trend; 2) new crown disease has led to EU medical devices
The statute (mdr) was extended for one year to affect medical instrument detection services: 3) late delivery of bla by some clients and failure of a clinical trial with a client iiii, affecting ctdmo operations in the U.S. District. (a clinical i) The company acquired qxgene, and future tessa technology is expected to contribute to the rapid development of ctdmo operations.
Figure 18: Decline in revenues from laboratory operations in the United States (millions of dollars) Figure 19: Decline in Māori rates from laboratory operations in the United States (millions of dollars) Risk of declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry
The company's main business is the pharmaceutical clinical trials and related services, and the demand for research and development inputs and outsourced services is direct. The company's main business income is predominantly United States dollars. If the renminbi is to appreciate significantly against the dollar in the future, the company's income will grow. The company faces competition from its own R & D sector in a variety of professions, cro/cdmo institutions or large pharmaceutical companies.
Competition among new entrants to the market, increased competition in the sector, weakening of their competitive advantages, adverse corporate practices and performance.
The company ' s earnings from offshore operations account for a large proportion of the income from its main business, and the day-to-day operation depends to some extent on raw offshore material suppliers, customers and technology service providers, such as laws and regulations, industrial policies or major changes in the political and economic environment in countries and regions where offshore operations take place, or events such as international relations tensions, wars, trade sanctions, etc.
Jo Ya-hyun, member of the team, Master of Chemistry, Xian Transport University, in 2021, became a member of the Sindha Portfolio, who was in charge of cdmo, medicine consumption, Lee Yu-tae, team member, and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences.
Baker Mankulte (Danah Group), with extensive experience in business. Joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021 and was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppc and paraxel, 2021, and entered the Sinda Securities, which was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.