\triangleright, 29/01/2022, \triangleright
The company's performance has increased as a result of the production of the c2 chemicals project. The company's \triangleright levels for the same period in the quarter of 2021 are measured to be below the three quarters of 2021.
(b) The company's profitability is expected to continue to increase significantly with the completion of the 2022 c3 industrial chain phase.
Continue to expand c3 operations and improve competitiveness in c3. By the first half of 2021, the company had \triangleright 900,000 tons of acrylic, 450,000 tons of polypropylene, 1.71 million tons of acrylic acid and esters, and 220,000 tons of aerobic water;
One hundred and twenty thousand tons of new equinol and ancillary devices are expected to come into production in 2024, when company c3 industry chain capacity will increase further, industry leader status will be further strengthened and scale effects will become apparent. c2 projects will continue to be operational, and opportunities for growth will open.
The driving process was successful in May 2021 and the installations were operating well; phase II of project c2 is in the installation stage and is expected to be completed by mid-2022, with the post-natal delivery expected to significantly increase the company’s performance. In addition, the company’s industrial chain platform, which is based on the new energy sector, is based on the production of new chemical materials, scheduled for 2022.
Installations such as ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene carbonate (ec), dimethyl (dmc), diethyl ethyl ethyl carbonate (dec), methyl ethyl ethyl carbonate (emc), etc. were constructed for ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl carbonate ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl carbonate ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene carbonate, ethylene ethylene ethylene carbonate, ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene carbonate carbonate ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylate (carbonate (carbonate) ethylate) ethylate (ethylate) and carbonate) and carbonate (d) and carbonate) and carbonate (d) and carbonate ethyleneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneene ethyleneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyleneeneeneene ethylene ethyleneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneene ethylene ethyleneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyleneeneene ethyleneeneeneeneeneeneene ethylene ethyleneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneeneene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
By-product of green hydrogen, the share of the photovoltaic industry in the river’s region using the aerobic water is more than 50%, further expanding the influence of the big aerobic water in the semiconductor, photovoltaic, etc. The pace of transformation is accelerated by the proposed construction of industrial parks.
\triangleright Materials Industrial Park Project, which consists mainly of 200,000 tonnes of ethanolamine (eoa) per year, 800,000 tonnes of polystyrene (ps) per year, 100,000 tonnes of α-vinyl hydrocarbons per year and associated poe, and 750,000 tonnes of carbonate per year.
The company continues to expand its operations into three main areas: new materials, new energy sources, and high-performance chemicals, and is working to create a platform for new low-carbon chemical materials.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.