High performance maintained, and gold prices increased strongly - UVM (601899.sh) incident assessment report
▪ Significant growth in performance, benefiting from a steady increase in the production of mineral copper, gold and primary mineral products. 2025h1 achieved 56.669 million tons of mineral copper, an increase of 9.3 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 1,089 million tons of copper were produced in Kamoa, Tibet.
The mining of dragons produced 928,000 tons of copper, the mining of Serbian purple gold produced 881,000 tons of copper and the mining industry produced 60.9 million tons of copper in Serbian purple gold; the mineral gold industry produced 41.19 tons of gold, an increase of 16.3 per cent in the same year; the mineral silver, 223.56 tons, an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year; and the mineral zinc industry, an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year.
200,000 tonnes (lead); lithium carbonate, 7315 tonnes; iron concentrate, 1.39 million tonnes, same as +58.0%; mine production, 5879 tonnes, tungsten, tungsten, cobalt, 30 tonnes; copper, zinc and gold smelting, by-product sulphuric acid, 1920,000 tonnes, compared with 3.2%.
With respect to mineral copper operations, the total revenue was $27,261 million, or +12.73 per cent, while sales accounted for 27.8 per cent of the operating income during the reporting period (after offset), while Māori accounted for 199.53 per cent of the revenues from copper concentrate, electricity and electrolytic copper, respectively.
Mining, electrical copper and electrolytic copper sales of 33.06, 4.76 and 60.9 million tons respectively, with tax sales unit prices of $6.04, 6.69 and 6.77 million, respectively, compared to the steady growth in gold sales, leading to significant increases in performance.
In the mining sector, the total revenue was $26,455 million, +62.15 per cent, with sales revenue accounting for 49.1 per cent of operating income during the reporting period (after offset) benefiting from gold.
3 Uterine Mining (601899): The price of mineral copper rose significantly, with Māori accounting for 38.6 per cent of the group ' s Māori, with a total sales of gold growing steadily and costs showing a downward trend
38.21 tonnes, or +13.78% of the same year. A breakdown of the products shows gold ingots, gold concentrates +16.97%. Gold ingots, gold concentrates, and non-tax sales unit prices were 715.47, 18.1% of operating income, offset by Māori products, which account for the group ' s Māori.
Internal exploration external M & As, resource volume double-wheel-drive growth 2025h1 equity caloric resources compared to 2.0490 million additional copper resources at the beginning of the year Internal exploration, company under the flag of the Serbian copper gold mine, Australia
Surveys of the copper gold mines of Dongkinda, Fujian, the Rosebel gold mines of Suriname, the Vuritica gold mines of Colombia, and so on, have yielded tangible results; of this, tons of tons, molybdenum resources, 90,000 tons, are the largest flints discovered in Fujian province in the last 20 years.
In addition, the company has successfully won the Saudi-made mining zone mapping project, which has led to a greening of the Middle East region. With regard to external mergers and acquisitions, the company has completed a single and largest investment record on a stock market.
The acquisition of control over the mining industry, the creation of new strategic deposits of mineral potassium, the gradual enrichment of the corporate reserves of copper and lithium metal, and the significant increase in the share of the giant dragon copper mine; and the continued capture of the world-class gold-producing mines abroad and the completion of the Aki in Ghana
At the same time, eight large overseas world-class yellows are included in the proposed market, namely, Purple Gold International, which has a strategic layout in West Africa and Central Asia.
The gold mine, which is expected to achieve a significant increase in the reserves of the gold mine resources with the re-evaluation of the technology of the projects requested on the market, is now being accompanied by a number of copper expansion projects, and the development of dynamic growth is increasing.
Key advances have been made in priority incremental projects such as the Tibetan Dragon Copper Mine II, the lower belt of the Serbian Peji Copper Mine, the construction of copper in the Heilongjiang Dombo Mountain Copper Mine and the adaptation of gold mining techniques in Orola, Guyana; and the largest copper smelting in Africa with the Congolese Kamoa Copper Mine.
The refinery entered the equipment trial period to produce 500,000 tons of bronze per year after delivery; construction of the Tibetan Ju Noor copper mine was fully under way; the Angé sarcophagus molybdenum mine received an environmental assessment and approval, the project accelerated the process and the conditions for development became more mature; and the lithium resource project was expected to be developed.
Priority projects such as construction or commissioning, falling mining, etc., are well advanced, with new energy and new materials projects accelerating the seizure of technological highlands. 1) Risk of substantial price reductions for products; 2) Copper mine expansion and reptiles below expectations; 3)
The Kamoa copper mine is not recovering as expected; 4) the expansion of the gold mine and the lack of progress in reptiles; 5) the political risk of overseas mining; 6) the risk of rising costs due to exchange rate fluctuations
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.