On 30 June 2025, the company issued an announcement on 30 June, under the banner of Purple Gold International and its mining company, Jinha, Singapore, to strengthen the distribution of resources in Central Asia.
The gold mining industry (stock code: 601899.sh) gold, no indebtedness” principle was defined and eventually adjusted on the base date to acquire 100 per cent of the interests of the gold mining project in the raygorodok, Kazakhstan.
The rig gold mine is located in the northern part of Kazakhstan in the Akmola region, including two open pits, two kilometres from the north and two kilometres from the south; the project is a well-established production infrastructure, including water supply, electricity, communications, etc.
dollar/ounce: Control + extrapolated ore volume of 241 million tons, gold average grade of 1.01 g/ton, gold metal volume of 242.1 tons. Reg gold mine planning to design reserves in the open area (value of $1750 per ounce): ore volume of 94.9 million tons, gold average grade of 1.06 g/ton, gold metal volume of 100.6 tons.
In the context of the former gold price, it is entirely possible to optimize the exploitation of the extractive industries, further increase resource utilization within the extractive industries, and expand the scale of mining production.
The RG gold mining project was launched in 2016 to deal with oxidation-based immersion systems, the new carbon slurry cyanide plant was established in 2022 to begin processing of primary minerals, and the end product is alloy gold (gold sodium), which has since improved significantly the capacity and efficiency of the project, 2022-2024.
Each year, the mine produces 2, 5.9 and 6 tons of gold. The rig gold mine is expected to have 16 years of service (2025-2040), producing an average of about 5.5 tons per year.
Project acquisitions are reasonably priced, with significant cost advantages, and are expected to lead companies to earn a new step. The rig gold mining project achieved $473 million in sales revenue in 2024, with a net profit of $202 million.
The net profit estimate for this acquisition project is 5.9 x, which is significantly lower than 20 x or more per cent of a gold listing company at the end of 2024; the corresponding value of a single ton of gold resources is 35 million yuan, compared with the akyem gold mine that was handed over this year, which is 41 million yuan (including a reserve of land-mining resources).
In 2024, the cash cost of the project mine was $796 per ounce (excluding immersion), below the average global cash cost of 24q2 gold mine of $938 per ounce.
The project mining process is mature, has significant combined cost advantages, and is highly profitable, with companies being able to invest in the year of the M&A: the RG gold mine is a large open-air mine, with an annual production of about 5.5 tons, regardless of expansion; the ton production target is of strategic importance. The RG gold mine will also be associated with the company ' s Jirau/Taro in Tajikistan.
The gold mine and Kyrgyzstan's left bank gold mines have created good synergies for the company to further deepen its future cultivation of the mineral-rich Central Asian region. Moreover, if the rig gold mine is successfully handed over, it will increase the competitiveness of the market between the violet gold countries.
1. [Galactic colour] Company appraising _ Purple gold mining: the price of copper has risen, with a single-season profit of historic highs; 3) the added capacity of the company has released less than expected risks; 4) the risk of geopolitical changes overseas; 5)
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively, and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.