The company plans to acquire 100% of the rights of the log gold mine in Kazakhstan.
It is proposed to purchase 100% interest in rig gold projects held by Cantech, 100% interest in rggs held by cantech (possessing mine assets) and 100% interest in rgp (possessing plant assets) at a price of $1.2 billion.
On the 30th of the base date, the acquisition is set at $1.2 billion at the target company's “no cash, no liabilities” on the base date, with specific payments to be made at a price to be adjusted by the parties to the transaction on the basis of cash, operating funds and interest-bearing liabilities in the base day financial statements.
The RG gold mining project maintains significant resources and there is an expansion space RG gold mining project maintains resources (at a value of US$ 2,000/ounce): control + extrapolation of 241 million tons of ore, average gold grade of 1.01 g/ton and gold metal volume of 242.1 tons;
Designing reserves in the open area (valued at $1750 per ounce): 94.9 million years of ore production, with an average annual yield of about 5.5 tons.
The size of the selection could be increased to 10 million tonnes/year, and project production and economic benefits are expected to increase further through improvements such as optimisation of the excavation frontier, process adjustments, etc. Globalization has been further enhanced by the production target 2028 of Auxiliary Corporation
The rig gold mines are large open-air mines with lower combined costs and greater profitability, and there is still room for further improvement in production operations, where M&As can contribute to the company ' s production and profits in the year in which they are purchased, and contribute to the achievement of the company ' s 2028 production planning objectives (2028 company minerals)
This deal is in line with the firm ' s strategic direction of increasing mergers and acquisitions of major resource projects in countries bordering China, a better environment for investment in Kazakhstan ' s mining industry, and good synergies with the company ' s Jirau/Taro gold mines in Tajikistan and the left bank gold mines in Kyrgyzstan.
It will help companies to further deepen their mineral-rich Central Asia in the future and optimize global resources, and if the rig gold mine is successfully cut, it will significantly increase the assets, profitability and global industry status of Purple Gold International, which will be marketed in international capital markets.
On the whole, the “buy-in” rating is maintained. Gold and copper prices are expected to fall faster than expected, and there are still uncertainties in the acquisition program and market plans.
▪ Profit forecasts and financial indicators, data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.