The company's performance was impressive. q2 was achieved in a single quarter.
xuzhengkun@dgzq.com.cn product production increased steadily, reaching 570,000 tons of mineral copper, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year; 41 tons of mineral gold, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year and 224 tons of mineral silver, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year; and 200,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), an equivalent of carbonic acid
Lithium 7315 tons. The company ' s overall mineral-rich ratio increased by 3 percentage points to 60.23 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as a result of higher prices and better cost.
In the first half of 2025, the company added 2,049,000 tons of copper to its reserves and 358,000 tons to its reserves, compared to the beginning of the year. The company ' s autonomous survey was fruitful, with surveys of a number of mining areas, such as the Serbian Magne gold mine, which yielded 1.33 million tons of copper and 90 million tons of molybdenum and Fujian.
In the area of mergers and acquisitions, companies acquired shares in the Tibetan mining complex, increasing the resources of copper and potassium potassium; completed the processing of gold from Akim in Ghana, signed an agreement for the collection of gold from the Kazakhstan-Raygorodok in order to strengthen the layout of West Africa and Central Asia.
Large world-class gold mines, the company’s gold mine reserves are expected to increase significantly. Investment proposals: the company has a rich reserves of resources and a diversified portfolio of minerals, a stable and consistently high gold price background at the base of copper prices, and the company’s subsequent performance growth is dynamic.
Risks; industry competition risks; downstream demand risks less than expected; foreign trade export risks. Note: “Market index” for this rating systema with a depth 300 index for the share comparator; three-board indicator for the new three-board comparators.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.