The resilience of growth continues to be highlighted by high performance re-innovation events: semi-annual company reports 2025: $16,771 million in operating income from 25h1 companies, compared to the UVM (stock code: 601899.sh)
Business resilience highlights that the performance of 2025q2 is re-innovated: 1) Production: 25h1 achieved 570,000 tonnes of copper per year + 9% of minerals, 41 tonnes per year + 16% of mineral gold, 22t 90,000 tonnes per year, ring ratio - 3%/+16%/+4%.
A number of mine earthquakes caused extensive flooding in the eastern part of the Kakura mining sector, as well as the suspension of underground mining operations and the restoration of the site were uncertain; the project ' s production plan for the entire year would be reduced from 52-58 million tons, as a result of this flooding.
(2) Unit price: unit price ratio for mineral copper sales 25q2 + 0.2 to 62,000 yuan per ton, unit value for mineral gold sales + 15 to 738 yuan per ton, unit value for mineral zinc sales - 5 to 14,000 yuan per ton. 3) cost: company 25q2 unit cost for mineral copper sales + 1 to 24,000 yuan per ton
The cost of selling the mineral zinc unit is 3 to 10,000 yuan per ton. The main reasons for the increase in the cost of selling the company ' s minerals unit are: (a) a drop in the grade of some of the mines, an increase in the distance and an increase in the extraction of some of the open-air mines; and (b) a substantial increase in the price of 2 gold, which is synchronized with the equity based on the gold price.
Significant increase; 3 High transition costs for new mergers and acquisitions in Peru, such as the copper gold mine in Arina, and the Akim gold mine in Ghana. 4) Profit: 25q2 company gross profit ring +3.71 billion yuan, of which mineral copper/mall gold is separated, mainly to dispose of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value and whose movements are accounted for in current gains and losses
The return on the investment is higher than the return on the same investment; the net gain on fair value changes is more than $300 million, mainly the profit-making tool investments yielding higher returns on fair value changes. The discount is the 25q2 income tax link.
+1.41 billion yuan, mainly due to increased profitability of subsidiaries, and increased corporate income tax. Gold copper production has steadily increased, opening up room for growth: copper plates: the second phase of the Tibetan dragon mine is expected to be completed by the end of the year; and the largest copper smelter in Africa with the Kamoa copper mine is about to be completed, reaching the end of the post-partum year.
Copper 500,000 tons; other priority incremental projects, such as the lower belt of the Serbian Peji copper mine, and the construction of the mountain copper mine, are also accelerating. Gold plates: the Achim gold mine in Ghana is improving mining efficiency and the supply of high-grade minerals; and South American projects such as the Rosebel gold mine in Suriname and the Vuritica gold mine in Colombia are increasing.
Selection capacity to ensure annual production targets; participation in gold deposits in the eastern part of the largest single-body gold mine in the country is also being increased Investment proposal: with the upturn in copper prices and the arrival of priority projects in the company, we expect the company 1.
Raygorodok gold mines, reinforcing the risks of central Asian resource deployment; 3) the risks of the Fed falling short of expectations; 4) the risks of geopolitical changes overseas; and 5) the risks of Central America and the United States tariff impact exceeding expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.