Regulating the New Deal offers new opportunities for development, and the innovation business line continues to realize a net return profit of $290 million, an increase of 41.15 per cent over the same period. The faster growth in net profits has been mainly due to higher returns on investment.
96.86 per cent, or an increase of 0.96 pct over the same year, with an increase of 3.52 pcc over the same year in management and sales costs, resulting from the net interest rate of $262 million in investment returns realized by companies during the reporting period, mainly in terms of the disposal of Wil science and technology equity and the increase in investment returns to associated enterprises.
• Taking advantage of new opportunities under strict regulation to achieve a reverse growth in the line of business represented by brokering it. To the extent that our capital markets are currently in a highly regulated environment, we have benefited from new regulatory policies such as appropriate investment management, anti-money-laundering Order 3, and the growth of corporate brokerage and financial management in reverse business.
Brokering is particularly evident in the IT business, which continues to grow at a higher rate as wind-controlled products become a new source of growth; exchange-it business, which is regulated for the continued clean-up of off-site transactions, which has declined in the previous three quarters; and the banking-it business line, which remains stable.
Although some of the company ' s traditional lines of business are currently affected by a highly regulated environment, the firm ' s focus on innovation is on the one hand, and on the other, on the other hand, on the rapid development of innovative business, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, there is a constant electronics mid-2017:
With new opportunities for development, companies continue to position themselves as industry leaders, achieving 23.41 per cent revenue growth in the previous three quarters, exceeding expectations and increasing input into the innovative operations of the fintech industry.
Innovative lines of business, such as cloud products, smart products, block chains, are advancing steadily.
In the future, with the rise of small and medium-sized institutions such as private fund-raising and third-party finance, companies in the capital market are facing great opportunities with the rapid growth of revenue, cost growth and technological capabilities of the field.
Intelligent products: smart information fais, smart investment in birobot3.0, smart investment in isee, smart investment in iise, smart investment in i.e., the 2016 Annual E-Value Review: customer service, with corresponding cases, such as consulting intelligence with multiple coupons and well-known Internet companies
In addition, in the area of block chains, companies invest in and are autonomous.
Two lines have been developed in parallel, and the basic services of the ftccu coalition chain have now been rolled out to support access to business scenes such as the contract chain, the private equity chain, and so on, and are now in the client-testing phase. The company’s performance is flexible, maintaining an “enhanced” investment rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board