In the first three quarters of 2017, Helium Electronics realized revenues of $1.65 billion, an increase of 23.41 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to parent companies were $290 million, an increase of 41.51 per cent in the same year.
High performance growth and overall improvement in business performance. The first three quarters of 2017 saw the highest growth of 23.41 per cent over the previous year; the expansion of operations was accompanied by a slight increase in the cost of sales; the growth in research and development expenditure, which led to a significant increase in the third quarter to $966 million; and the demand for orders grew significantly, with no strong safeguards.
Performance; significant growth of assets and goodwill, totalling more than $400 million, as a result of the transfer and acquisition of 51% equity premium on the production base ' s land use rights. The disposal of leverage and investment in associated enterprises resulted in a 200% increase in investment returns. The increase in receipts during the period resulted in a net cash flow from operating activities
Overall, the previous three quarters saw a steady expansion in the size of the company’s operations, a high rate of growth, and an overall improvement in its performance based on a technology-centred strategy that continues to be strengthened. The financial center is strong, benefiting from the gradual development of financial information regulation.
Over 20 years of intensive farming in the area of finance, it has had an absolute advantage in core securities trading, investment management, integrated banking, and financial institution systems. As a recognized leader of domestic finance, the company is ranked first in the global figure of 100 in 2016.
Forty-six, and the only Chinese enterprise to enter the top 50. Newcomers are limited due to high competitive barriers in the industry, and service capacity based on long-term accumulation of business perceptions and related technologies is the firm’s core competitiveness.
High, and sustained consolidation. We believe that, in the context of the progressive development of capital markets, the normativeization of operations and the profound changes in business models, the reliability and flexibility of the system will only increase, and that companies will benefit from the financialization of stocks and incremental and technological overlaps over the long term.
The Helium Institute has achieved remarkable results in the areas of high-performance computing, big data, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, block chains, etc.: on the one hand, smart information, investment, etc., launched in June 2017.
Investment in and servicing of the four-day products will be developed on an ongoing basis; in the block chain, the business scene has been withdrawn from the ftcu basics of the network, supporting the contract chain, private equity etc., and is currently in the client testing stage; in high performance computing, it is options for a municipal system, a futures microsecond-scale trading system
There have been productable results; on the new business side, gtn connectivity services have been provided on an ongoing basis to various demand and supply sides, and its openapi supports the distribution of incremental wealth products, aggregate payments, off-site liquidation, using market prices as a standard on 8 November 2017.
In the area of Internet operations, public services such as business, information, simulation, etc. are being strengthened, companies are introducing public user data such as operators, Internet companies, for graphic services, to support their operations, with Internet operations reaching 125 million yuan in the first half of the year. New technologies are making steady breakthroughs.
Healing Electronics: A global layout of artificial intelligence products, promising faster policy risks, technology and market risks.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Computer: Computer applications
It's a long-term electron.