IT software and services Establishment of the country's first trust registration system for the acquisition of Hong Kong's Great Wisdom plus Hong Kong business The net return profit has increased significantly and the company has performed well throughout the year.
The increase in net profits of $170 million is 2.1 per cent in the same year. The increase in net profits is mainly due to growth in corporate business and higher returns on investment. Management costs increase by 29 per cent in the same year, and the return on investment in associated companies.
Establishment of a corporate-level artificial intelligence platform to build the first trust registration system in the country. At the end of August, a corporate-level architecture group of artificial intelligence platforms will be set up to streamline the technology architecture and business architecture of the company ' s related products and build down a technology platform that supports the products and promotes upwards
Complementarity among products provides a uniform solution that is expected to accelerate the landing of corporate AI-related products.
The release of new trust products must be advertised in a trust registration system on the same day. The total market value/flow system (millions of dollars) is built on a permanent basis and enables pre-registration, initialization of information on the products of the trust and their beneficial rights.
The company has now provided an overall solution for more than half of the trust companies.
The company acquired 51% of Hong Kong's wisdom at $367 million a month, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Ayas.
- 2017/08/31 Programme to provide trading systems and clearing systems for securities dealers and futures in Hong Kong and the surrounding areas.
The former agency has over 200 clients to supplement the company’s medium- and medium-sized bond trading system in Hong Kong with a long-term prospect of returning to high-growth growth, thereby increasing the company’s overall market share in the Hong Kong market securities trading system.
The company can also combine the front-end technology of Ayas with the back-stage technology of Hong Kong. Hong Kong's grand wisdom net profit of $23.2 million in 2017 can bring the Institute to the company's year-round performance.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.