Domestic storage, mcu two-twin enterprise, platform-based configuration (603986.sh) depth report 30 July 2025
Liu Monjing, a domestic storage, mcu conglomerate, and a platform-based layout support the growth of the business. The Moi-Innovative Corporation was founded in 2005 and listed in 2016 on the tabulation board. The company has been operating since its inception.
The production model of the fabless, the main product of which was notorflash at the beginning of its existence, has diversified the product structure through endogenous and external acquisition, gradually forming the four main “storage + control + sensor + simulation” business layouts, and has achieved national leadership in storage and mcu.
In recent years, the company's performance has increased overall: top-sideai, car “triple” drive storage market expansion, and it has become a full-scale innovation layout.
In recent years, at the end of the spectrum, car "triple" has driven the continued expansion of the global semiconductor storage market. On the one side, the demand for the capacity needed for the endside aai product, represented by the ai glasses, has grown to provide a point of growth for domestic storeers; on the other hand, motorization, intelligentization of cars have continued to grow, increasing the number of noorflash,
The main data is on the vehicle storage requirements of 29 July 2025, including Nandflash. The current global storage industry is dominated by overseas manufacturers such as Samsung, Lights, Hercules, and large offshore plants have withdrawn from their niche storage areas to provide development for domestic storage providers.
Oportunidades. The omens are well-placed in specialized storage areas and now form the three main product lines of the "nor+dram+nand" and are the only integrated circuit design companies in the country with global rankings of top 10 in norflash, slcnandflash, riki dram and mcu, and are expected to benefit from market expansion and mobility.
Mcu Business: 32 mcu leaders in the country to enhance the layout of the electronics sector of automobiles. The company is 32 mcu leaders in the country, with revenues from mcu of approximately $231 million in 2024, ranking as the eighth, in the interior of the world. By the end of 2024, the company ' s gd32mcu product had successfully produced 63 product series,
More than 700 mcu products for a new generation of high performance, mainstream, entry-level, low-power, wireless and kernel-grade mcu products, which combines excellent performance, enhanced safety upgrades and rich external interfaces, fully aligned to vehicle domain control, body control, chassis application, etc.
In 2024, the company's new fund-raising project, Automobile Electronic Chip Research and Industrialization Project, planned to invest a total of about $1.2 billion in car mcu chip development and industrialization, with the expectation of increasing the capacity of end-of-end mcu products to improve the competitiveness of companies.
1. Domestic storage, mcu two-leading enterprise, platform-based layout driven performance growth 1.1 Domestic storage, mcu two-leading, business boundaries widening Company profiles: domestic storage, mcu two-leading enterprise, product downstream applications extensive.
The company’s main business is the development, technical support and sale of storage, microcontrols, and sensors, and is now a dedicated domestic storage, mcu-heading business. According to the company’s annual report of 2024, the company’s products should go downstream.
It covers a wide range of areas such as industry, automobiles, consumer electronics (coverable products, smart watches, tws headphones, mobile phones, home appliances, etc.), pc and perimeters, network communications (e.g., wireless routers, base stations, light modules, etc.), object networking, moving equipment (e.g., camera modules, amoled, touch controllers, fingerprints, etc.).
Companies have been using the Fables production model and marketing networks around the world. Since its inception, companies have been using the Fabless production model, which focuses on the design of the ic R & D chain, outsourcing the crystal circle manufacturing, sealing and testing links to specialized crystal-rounding, sealing and testing manufacturers. The Fables model avoids huge crystals when compared to the Idm model.
By investing in circular plants, sealing plants and reducing the depreciation pressure on fixed assets, companies can concentrate their resources on chip design and systems for innovation and financial efficiency. In addition, because of the lack of self-generated capacity, the Fabless enterprise has the flexibility to use the production capacity of surrogate plants to respond quickly to market demand and reduce inventory risk, significantly shortening the product cycle from design to production.
According to the Network, the company is now the world's first-ranked supplier of crystalless circle mills, and has branches and offices in several countries and territories, including Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hoyo, Xianan, Chengdu, Suzhou, Hong Kong and Shinma, Singapore, the United States, Korea, Japan, the United Kingdom and Germany, providing high-quality, accessible localization support services to clients.
In June 2025, the company’s international headquarters were located in Singapore, further strengthening the global landscape. Developmental journey: inward development and external acquisitions, which formed four major business plates.
Re-infiltration of sensors and analogue circuits to develop four main business layouts of "storage + control + sensor + simulation" that provide an ecological co-benefit for "sense memory control chain". According to frost&sullivan, based on sales in 2024, the only one is ranked in the top ten places globally in the nonflash, slcnandflash, base dram and mcu.
Figure 3: The company provides an eco-synergized solution to the “sense arithmetic chain” through its four core business Recapitulation of the company's development history, which we believe can be divided into the following four stages of development since its inception.
The company was founded in 2005 by Mr. Jo-Iming, formerly Beijing-based Micro-Technology and Technology Co. Ltd. Since its inception, the company has focused on the noor year, with its first offer based on the gd32mcu of armcorpex-m3, moving into the mcu field; in 2015, the company was finished.
The company's products are gradually recognized by downstream customers as the leading companies in Samsung, Huayeng, Mi, etc. are listed on the upper board, with a stock code of 603986.sh, the first design company to land on a stock market in the country.
One. Once listed, the company further expanded its product boundary by consolidating its original flash and mcu operations and issuing its national primer, anrmcorpex-m23, in October 2018, filling the country’s mcu gap based on this low-capacity, security enhancement shelf, which increased the competitiveness of domestic mcu technology; and, in October 2017, the company joined the fertilizer industry.
In 2019, the company completed the acquisition of Beijing Xi Weibo, cutting the tws and image sensors.
Chain chip track, building sensors as the company's third line of business: in 2020, the company's strategic head of entry stored, enhanced dram national production alternative layout, and routing the storage chip “controller plus granule” industry: in June 2021, the company launched its first branded dram product, 4gbddr4, which achieved national production from design, streaming, to sealing and authenticating.
It marks the formal entry of companies into the mainstream dram storage market; in August 2019, the company diversified its mcu structure through the release of a global premiere of 32 generic mcú products in the gd32v series, based on the risc-v kernel; and during the same period, the company mcu products expanded to highly reliable applications such as industrial control, new energy sources, automobiles, etc., leading to product value addition.
The platform transition and the accelerated phase of national production substitution (2022-to date): multi-grade convergence, national production vanguards. Companies continue to promote the high-compatibility of storage products, the globalization of the universal mcu platform and marketing networks, and their penetration in emerging markets such as aiot, smart cabins, and peripherals.
Specialized simulations (asic, soc), charge management, battery management and signal chains, six broad product-type “general-plus” product matrices of nearly 1,000 product models, completed point-to-face product development, demonstrating strong R & D and product incubation power. In 2024, companies acquired 38.07% of Xey, Suzhou, and strengthened strategic layout in the area of simulation chips. 2025
In June, the company established a global headquarters in Singapore to enhance synergies between international corporate development and supply chains; and in the same month, the company submitted to Hong Kong its application to issue offshore listed foreign investment shares (h shares) and to place them on the list, with the aim of accelerating internationalization, raising the visibility of global brands, increasing investment in research and development and supporting industrial chain cooperation.
The company’s core management team has long been stable, with extensive R & D and management experience. The company’s core team has long been stable, with extensive R & D and management experience.
Ipolicnetworksinc. Senior Engineer, Monolithicsystemtechnologiesinc. Project Manager, returned home in 2005 to create a promising innovation with overall responsibility for corporate strategy and management.
At the end of 2024, some 56.5 per cent of the company ' s master ' s degree and above were employed in the top microelectronics sector in China, such as the University of Gangan and the Chinese Academy of Sciences.1.2 Business performance has increased in the course of cyclical fluctuations, with the addition of research and development to consolidate the leadership of the industry.
The product norflash, dram, mcu and simulated chips are semiconductors, and the price and demand of the product are subject to industry cycle fluctuations. Substitution of the core products of the beneficiary companies has accelerated, horizontally and horizontally expanded, the company semiconductor industry has entered the downward cycle, and the company’s storage, mcu sales and Māori rates have decreased to varying degrees.
As a result of the gradual de-diversion, the semiconductor sector’s market demand recovered in 2024, downstream customers increased their supply, and the company’s products increased income and sales in a number of areas, such as affordability, networking, computing, etc.
Mother-to-child net profits of $235 million, an increase of 14.57% over the same period, and business performance are back on track. According to the Corporate Performance Note, demand in the consumer sector (e.g. smart households, partial consumption of electronics) has remained strong since the second quarter, and industrial orders are being released on a continuous basis, generally in line with normal seasonal patterns.
The annual revenue of $7,356 million was realized, of which $5,194 million, or 70.6%, of the storage chip, and 70.6%, of the microcontrols, which maintained a robust profitability, with sales of Māori at 2024 and net interest rates recovering at the same rate. Benefited from the widening of product lines and growth of Māori at the same time as product structure, with net interest rates increasing at the same time.
According to the sub-business, the overall Māori rate for corporate mcu sales is higher than the Māori rate for chip storage, which is relatively low due to the fact that the company ' s storage operations are dominated by niche storage products, such as noorflash, lithic dram and slcnand, with low narflash product walls, limited market space and intense competition.
In recent years, the Māori rate of corporate storage has improved as the company’s storage business has moved up to a higher end. In 2024, the price of the liki-type storage product recovered significantly, with the year’s annual stock chip output at an all-time high, and the scale effect gradually became apparent, driving the Māori rate of storage operations to exceed the mcu business for the first time in 2024.
From 2018 to 2024, corporate R & D costs ranged from 2.08 to 19.87%. Companies focused on the development, accumulation and protection of intellectual property rights, and built through a rich and diverse portfolio of patents.
Technical barriers, strengthening leadership in the field of advanced technology. By the end of 2024, the company had 1,059 authorized patents, of which 101 were added in 2024. In addition, the company had 195 trademarks, 58 integrated circuit layouts, 50 software copyright rights, and 12 non-software copyright registrations.
The Māori rate is higher per capita than the comparable average for companies. Comparable companies that select some of their main business as storage or mcu-listed canss as a sign of innovation, and the Māori per capita income and sales rate for businesses in 2024.
On the one hand, while companies are in the forefront of comparable firms, especially in the areas of noorflash, lithic dram, mcu and so on, they have significant advantages in size compared to companies, on the other hand, their business continues to add value to high and reliable applications, and strong R & D inputs drive long-term business growth and hence people.
2. Storage operations: endai, auto "triple"-driven storage market expansion, magnifying 2.1 endai-driven storage expansion, and large plant reductions to improve supply and demand patterns.
Storage forms the main component of an integrated circuit. Semiconductor storage is also called storage chip, which refers to a device that stores information using materials such as semiconductors as mediums, and whose storage and reading processes are reflected in charge storage or release. Storage is a vehicle for the storage and calculation of data in an electronic system, which is the basis of the integrated circuit with the widest application and the highest market ratio.
According to Wsts, the global semiconductor market in 2024 was $630.549 billion, an increase of 19.7 per cent over the same period, of which the storage market was $165.516 billion, an increase of 79.3 per cent over the same period, representing 30.68 per cent of integrated circuits, constituting an important component of integrated circuits.
Figure 10: Distribution of semiconductor subconductor categories in 2024 as a percentage of sales
The memory can be divided into lossable storage and non-lossy storage. The lossable memory chip consists mainly of static random access storage (sram) and dynamic random access storage (dram); the non-lossy storage consists mainly of programmable read-only storage (prom), flash memory (flash) and exprom/eeprom) and so on.
Lossive storage: Mainly refers to random access to the memory (ram), which requires the maintenance of electricity to temporarily save data for reading, writing and processing in the main system cpu. Since the Ram can achieve high-speed reading and writing of data, it is usually used as a temporary data storage medium for operating systems or other active programs.
Ram is further divided into dynamic random access memory (dram) and static random access memory (sram) depending on whether periodic refreshing is needed to maintain data storage. Dynamic random access memory (dram) needs to be maintained by periodic refresher, so it is called " dynamic " memory.
Storage density is significantly higher than sram, but access is slower than sram; moreover, because dram needs to be periodically refreshed to maintain the correct data, it is more functional than sram. Dram, a high-density, loss-and-loss memory, is used mainly as a temporary storage device for cpu-processing data and is widely used in mainstream applications such as smartphones, personal computers, servers, etc.
Non-frustible storage: mainly read-only storage (rom), which saves data for a long time without continuous electrical connection. The early rom product information is fixed once it has been written for the first time, working in a non-destructive way, and can only be read and cannot be modified or rewritten, so it is called a "read-only" memory.
The stage (maskrom), programable read-only memory (prom), programable eraser of read-only memory (eprom), electro-programmable read-only memory (eeprom) and flash memory (flash) has broken the existing “read-only” limit.
Figure 12: Classification of storage chips Storage of market size breakdowns: dram, Nand, mainstream. Yole notes that after an underestimation of 2022-2023, the storage industry entered a robust recovery phase in 2024, with revenues of $170 billion for the year as a whole, which is unprecedented.
In comparison, global dram sales reached about $97 billion in 2024, accounting for about 57.06 per cent, nad sales for about $40.00 per cent, noorflash sales for about $2.9 billion, or about 1.71 per cent, and other types of storage (sram/fram, eeprom).
Total sales amounted to about $2 billion, or about 1.18 per cent. Thus, dram and norflash formed the main components of the storage industry, with a combined share of more than 95 per cent.
Designed storage chip, which is usually optimized in terms of capacity, speed, power, interface protocol, etc., compared to generic storage (e.g. mainstream dram and tlc/qlcnd) to accommodate a specific equipment or application scenario, with highly customized, targeted and reliable features.
Newer cycles are relatively long, more long-term stability and security. Specialized storage chips usually have a specific demand or competitive advantage in a particular market segment, and the more widely used dedicated storage categories include profit-based drams, noorflash, slcnandflash, etc.
The size of the dedicated storage global market was $13.59 billion a year, of which the size of the niche dram market was $8.51 billion and the size of the dedicated storage market would continue to expand at a compound annual growth rate of 7.1 per cent between 2029 and $20.82 billion by 2029. A breakdown is expected to increase to $13.21 billion by 2029.
Noorflash, slcnandflash will increase to $4.18 billion and $3.44 billion, respectively. (1) Driver one: endai-driven storage market expansion. ai technology path is evolving from cloud-side centralization to end-side distribution. Current ai technology deployment path is coming from cloud-side centralization.
The main reasons for the lateral distribution evolution include real-time, privacy protection, bandwidth and energy consumption pressures, and hardware performance enhancement. There are delays and transmission bottlenecks in cloud-end reasoning, which achieves a millisecond level response that meets the real-time needs of intelligent drivers, ar/vr, ai glasses, etc., while avoiding the uploading of sensitive data, consistent with privacy compliance trends.
In hardware, smartphones, aipc and iot devices are broadly integrated into npu and other accelerators, together with model compression, quantification and distillation, so that the sides are able to reason independently. In the future, ai deployment will have a cloud-side-end synergy pattern, and clouds will be trained.
And large-scale reasoning, top-level focus on real-time decision-making and privacy protection, with marginal nodes assuming part of the reasoning and fine-tuning tasks, forms an efficient synergy structure. Gartner predicts that 75% of the enterprise-level data will be produced on edge (end-side) by 2025, signaling a shift from cloud-end “centralized intelligence” to end-side “distributed intelligence”.
Predicting an increasing penetration of the ai terminal and an increased demand for storage capacity. According to frast&sullvan, the ai terminal master category includes ai cellular phones, aipc and aitws headphones, the penetration rate will continue to increase in the future. Of this, aai cellular penetration in 2024 will be only about 16.2% and will rise to 54.0% by 2029, and aipc penetration in 2024 will be only around 20.24
19.7% of the year, as consumer-type terminal equipment continues to shift to anaesthesia, the equipment requires a significant increase in its data processing and storage capabilities. This type of equipment requires a larger capacity, faster and more reliable chip to support smart functions such as multi-model interactions, large-model operations, and drives the dedicated storage chip towards a larger capacity.
The development of emerging applications, such as high-growth downstream demand areas such as ai-glasses and intuitive intelligence, is expected to be another engine of growth for the future storage of chips. Figure 15: Global cellular phone, pc, tws headphones and penetration rates
Ai headphones: Noorflash is a type of non-lossive memory, using a noor logical structure with the characteristics of random reading capability, speed of reading, etc., which is better suited to frequent machine reading and writing than Nand, such as vehicle, amoled monitors, blue-tooth earphones, etc.
A significant increase in the ability of the ai function (e.g. voice recognition, active noise reduction, etc.) to demand a higher demand for stored code capacity and real-time data access, requiring the storage of additional solids, ai model, voice interactive data and multi-model algorithm resources, and pushing the growth of nonflash capacity from 32m, 64m to 128m, 256m.
For example, according to my love of the unbundling report on the audio network, there are two 128 mmnorflashs inside the single headphone, which are higher than the average tws headphones. Noorflash is expected to grow steadily. Noorflash is in consumer electronics, car electronics, industrial controls, etc.
The field is widely used and the market size is expected to increase steadily. According to techinsights, the demand to benefit downstream consumer electronics, auto electronics, industrial controls, etc., is expected to grow steadily in 2024-2028. In 2024, the global market size of norflash was approximately $2,699 million, an increase of 19.74 per cent.
By 2028, it is expected to reach $3.495 billion, with an average annual compound increase in the size of the global nonflash market between 2023 and 2028, ai glasses: storage accounts for about 7 per cent of the cost, and the spread of aai glasses is expected to drive storage needs. The gradual rise of ai glasses is linked to the dynamic development of a larger model of ai, as well as to the innovation of consumer electronic hardware.
Aai glasses add electronic parts such as cameras, microphones, storage, soc, etc., and achieve voice interaction, photo, etc. Compare the traditional cost structure of the glasses, soc, camera, battery, etc., to the main increment of the ai glasses. According to Wellsenxxr, the cost of the untax-free combined hardware of the ray-banmeta is $164, of which the cost of the soc is higher.
55 dollars, or 33.54 per cent, represents the highest cost of hardware, while rom+ram costs $11, or about 6.71 per cent. As the model of multimodule ai accelerates down, demand for end-side aai products, represented by an ai glasses, will also grow at a synchronized pace, and it is expected to provide a new growth point for domestic storage providers.
(ii) Driver two: motor vehicle “triple” penetration, increasing the demand for vehicle-grade storage capacity Electricization: the penetration rate of new energy vehicles has been increasing in recent years. In recent years, multiple factors such as beneficiary state policy support, technological advances in industry, and rising consumer acceptance downstream have been catalyzing, with a rapid increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles in our country, 2019
Standard, smart driving technology is classified by the degree of automation into six levels. Of these, levels 1 and below are in the auxiliary driving phase, where intelligent driving systems, as “associates”, provide human drivers with detection, advance police and control assistance, which is dominated by drivers; and 13-l5 are in the upper autopilot phase, which is in the driver's department.