Event: 26 October, tcl technology released its three-quarter 2021 report, tcl technology received in the first three quarters (000100.sz)
q3 with high income innovation and short-term profit pressure. Three quarters, corporate semiconductor displays, semiconductor photovoltaics, maritime logistics impacts and market demand perturbations in some parts of the world, face price declines, and a one-time financial impact on the company as a result of the disposal of annual real-estate equity, resulting in a large equal performance of the investment portfolio.
The q3 net return to the mother is 2,318 million yuan, and the sexual cash flow is one quarter high. The corporate q3 net cash flow is 45.4 billion yuan, an increase of 121.46 per cent, and the ring is 22.15 per cent.
With high-quality customer resources and leading production efficiency, companies maintain high crop productivity. In the last three quarters, companies t1, t2 and t6 plants have remained fully operational, t7 plants have climbed the slope as planned, and t10q2 has been continuously improved.
At the same time, the company completed a small 30% acquisition of t10 by the end of September, making it a fully-owned tclstar subsidiary, which will continue to boost the company’s performance in the future. In addition, the company invested heavily in technology research and development to strengthen the business development base.
R & D invested $6.5 billion, an increase of 51.1 per cent, or 5.4 per cent, in business income, focusing on Mini, with 13.517 patent applications from companies in late September, and 1,778 patent applications for technology and materials in the field of luminous quantum dots, the second largest in the world.
After many years of accumulation, the company’s semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor operations have achieved significant results in its new track expansion strategy. Central ring shares rely on the core competitive advantages of product technology and production-style innovation, accelerating the upgrading of 210 capacity levels and optimizing the product structure.
tclTechnology: High Profit Rate Innovation, Double Engine Connectivity. In the context of the rapidly rising prices of upstream raw materials, the market share continues to rise and profitability is significantly enhanced through technological advances and business efficiency improvements.
tclTechnology: Overperformance, double-wheel drive for future growth. Material operations have developed at a high rate, generating operating income of $29.9 billion, an increase of 117 per cent, a net profit of $3.28 billion, an increase of 190 per cent. In addition, companies have been set up with industry partners.
tcl Microchip, looking for investment layouts around semiconductor business, accelerating semiconductor track development.tclTechnology: q1 performance meets expectations, two major industries perform profit forecasting and investment ratings: when short-term factors are excluded, companies actually operate in a robust manner.
tclTechnology: Set the Add-Screen-it line, open up the high-end city division's leading role in semiconductor displays and future big-foot development space, and maintain the company's tclTechnology: High Performance Growth 2021, Plus Half-Guide
tclTechnology: q4 Performance Supermarket Expected, Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-In-In-Intra-Intra-In-In-In-In-In-In-Intra-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In
The company's in the harvest period.
Figure 1: tcl technology collection and profit performance. Figure 2: tcl technology profitability performance.
• Operating income (billions) = = net parent gain (billions) Figure 3: Cost rates during tcl science and technology Figure 4: cost of tcl science and technology research and development (billions)
Figure 6: tcl net profits and operating net cash flows (millions of yuan) Figure 5: tcl collections and operating cash flows (billions) Figure 7: tcl inventories of science and technology (billions)
Figure 8: tcl accounts receivable for technology (millions of dollars) from the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, with nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, familiarizing themselves with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain.
In 2017, in Pacific securities, in 2018, securities were introduced; in 18/19 Crystalball, in 2/3 of the electronics industry; and in 18/19 Gold Bull Award, in 3/2 of the electronics industry. Li Xiaoqing, M.A., Wuhan University, in 2018, in Southwest securities, and in 2020, in Sinda securities, covering semiconductor products.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to cover the consumer electronics chain. Autumnto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.