q2 Improved profitability, b-end transformational activity Events: 182.661 billion yuan (+5.09 per cent) of business income achieved by 2022h1 and \triangleright achieved
Performance meets expectations and focuses on one strategy. By the Ministry of Industry, 22H1 company smarter Lochyang, resident/industrial technology/building technology/robots and automation/digital innovation, respectively.
In terms of the market share of the sub-groups, the seven main categories of fine products are ranked first in the market share. The group actively promotes the “number one” strategy, with seven groups of products, such as household air conditioning, microwaves, desktop ovens, electric fans, electric heaters, electromagnetic stoves, electric water kettles, etc., achieving the domestic and offline market.
q2 little improvement in profitability. \triangleright eases raw material cost pressures and q2 Māori has improved. 2022q2 achieves Māori ratios.
24.05%, year-on-year +0.62pct. Sub-products, 22H1 heating air conditioners/consumable appliances/machines, q2 sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates are on the other side of the scale. Māori ups and sales costs are properly regulated, and q2 achieves net sales interest rates.
9.64%, with a small increase +0.17pct. How do you see the beauty group at its current stage of development?
But companies can still sustain steady growth in barrier-c-end operations through high-end, product restructuring, global branding, and, through intelligence-driven strategies, beauty is still moving forward in terms of internal efficiency and increasing the profit margin.
The sound growth drivers of end-of-business add up to provide a solid foundation for America’s transformational b-end business. Robots, new-energy car parts, building technology, heat pump systems, etc., are all at the rapid pace of industrial development.
The Annual Report exceeded expectations, q1 receiving its own years of experience in research and development, manufacturing, supply chain, management, and it is hoped to create another for the group.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company's revenue in 22-24 years to be the Kinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The risk factor is the continued rise in the price of raw materials, the recurrent stagnation of sales production, the failure of overseas markets to open up as expected, the failure of Tob's operations, and so on.
I: Income analysis: Performance meets expectations, with a focus on strategy 1, company 2022h1 achieving business income of $18,661 million, i.e. + 5.09 per cent of the year, net return to the mother of $15,995 million, i.e., $1 billion, i.e. + 3.25 per cent of the year.
Sub-operations show a more stable share of corporate business income, with 22h1 heating air conditioning, consumer appliances and robotics and automated systems accounting for 45.6.36.3/7.5 per cent of corporate business income, respectively, and 22h1 smarthouses/industrial technology/building technology/robots and automation/digital innovation according to the Ministry of Industry and Industry.
The share of US electricity suppliers continued to be above 45% and the size of the entire network exceeded 44 billion yuan during the reporting period. Companies in the field of electricity suppliers strengthened their operations with a breakdown of the channels, and promoted US-based power suppliers to build up their hubs, enhance content and numbers.
In terms of the market share of the different product categories, the seven major categories of the United States were ranked first in the market. The United States group actively promoted the “number one” strategy, home air conditioning, microwaves, desktop ovens, electric fans, electric heaters, electromagnetic stoves, electric kettles, etc.
Seven product groups achieved the first market share on and below the domestic line. Figure 4: US group breakdown of product market share (%), II. Profitability analysis: small improvement in q2 profitability
The q2 Māori level has improved through measures such as stock management of raw materials and restructuring of products. 2022q2 has achieved a Māori rate of 24.05%, compared to 0.62pt. By product, 22H1 heating air conditioning/consumption rates have dropped significantly, and management/research and development/financial cost rates have increased slightly.
Figure 5: Changes in group cost (single season) Māori upscaling plus sales costs are well regulated, with q2 achieving net sales interest rates of 9.64 per cent, a small increase +0.17 pt. Figure 6: Changes in Māori level in US (%)
III. OPERATION ANALYSIS: Cash flow is good, operating liquidity efficiency is improved, potential for future income growth is good and inventory commodities are rapidly consumed. 22h1 end-of-period corporate money + transactional cash financing2 and 22h1 end-of-period inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable days are higher than q1 end-of-year-3.11/-to-end, respectively, in terms of turnover rates
0.32/+0.58 days, with a slight increase in the liquidity of inventory/receivables. +15.43 per cent, mainly due to growth in revenue collection and a decrease in cash payments for goods purchased and services received.
End 1, end of c: User-centred drive to optimize the entire value chain Domestic: companies continue their “customer-centred” strategic change, with a diversified portfolio of branded products. Companies divide smart homerooms, smart home balcony, smart home kitchen and smart home bath scenes, based on the user's life.
At the same time, companies have adopted a multi-brand model to meet the needs of multi-level consumers through high-end brands such as colmo, young brands such as lasagna, which in the first half of the year generated revenues of $4 billion, a 150 per cent increase in the same year; 618 dollars worth of sales were close to $1.6 billion, an 80 per cent increase in the same year; and Toshigi State.
The internal market is selling more than $1.1 billion, an increase of 110 per cent, high-end brands, high-end and high-end client value. Currently, Colmo's high-end intellectual products cover a variety of items such as central air conditioning, house-wide water, refrigerators, wine cabinets, dryers, washing machines, cooking power, etc., and 2022h1 is sold.
Colmo’s share of the high-end market has also increased significantly, with air conditioners and water-purification products outpacing the foreign market: overseas markets are symmetrically active, creating a co-founding mechanism for overseas intelligent scenes. Companies have continued to strengthen overseas channels in the first half of the year, adding more than 20,000 free branding outlets abroad; and increasing overseas power suppliers’ investment in the first half of the year, passing through the sea.
On the manufacturing side, companies have accelerated the “China for Global Plus Regional Supply” model, promoting Egypt’s production base to cover the Middle East and African markets, and the construction of Brazil’s new manufacturing base to cover a number of priority categories. In the first half of the year, the Japanese market saw a 25% increase in retail revenue from Toshiba’s electricity sales, with the combined share of the six major product categories rising to more than 14%.
Business 2, tob: Harnessing domestic and foreign market opportunities, perfecting the layout of the business tob, Tob Business Inc. insists on technological innovation, providing a global lead technology program in areas such as intelligent transport, industrial automation, green energy, consumer appliances.
The global market share of the switchboard/washer generators reached 44/14/42/18 per cent, and the company’s Thailand compressor plant integration work was proceeding in an orderly manner, while the construction of an Indian air-conditioning compressor plant was launched to support the company’s overseas compressor supply. In the area of spare parts for new energy vehicles, the company’s three main product lines, five products, were tested in vehicles and produced on a continuous basis in the first half of the year.
The US central air-conditioning (CAC) domestic market continues to be the highest in the US, according to industry online monitoring data. In overseas markets, US building technology captures the EU’s “2050 Carbon Medium and Plan” emissions.
The U.S. heat pump product currently includes heat pump heaters, pool pump heaters, commercial heat pumps, and space heating cooling and hot water as a whole. The product can also be linked to the light storage system. U.S. heat pump product exports increased by more than 200% in the first half of the year.
In the field of robotics, the Kuka business has continued to improve. In the first half of the year, China's income increased by 36%. In the first half of the year, the Kuka collected a purchase order of €2.550 billion, i.e. +34.8%, sales revenue of €1.74 billion, i.e. + 13.5%, and pre-tax profits of €48.6 million. In the first half of the year, the Kuka acquired 20,000 orders in the area of new energy vehicles.
We believe that America’s conglomerates are at a time of transformation: on the one hand, companies can guarantee a steady growth of end-C operations through high-endization, product restructuring, global branding, and, on the other hand, consumption demand is weak.
Through its intelligence-driven strategy, the beauty of the United States continues to tap into its internal efficiency and enhance its profitability. The robust growth of its operations at the end of the end provides a solid foundation for its transformational operations at the end of b. Robots, new energy car parts, building technology, etc. are at the rapid stage of industrial development. The beauty, as a global manufacturing leader, has been actively entering the new track for many years.
The accumulated experience in R & D, manufacturing, supply chain, and management is expected to create another long-term growth curve for the group.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.