2022q2 performance growth robust, profit improvement demonstrating business resilience
Intrusive by factors such as the rise in raw materials prices, the focus on core business and products maintained a steady increase in performance, more resilient than high-end b business, more rapid growth, and higher-end pull product structures continued to improve at the end of c-business sub-business, 2022q2 smarthouses/industrial technology/building technology/robots and automation/digital innovation operations
+4.98/+5.24 per cent, respectively. Retail transformation drives a steady expansion of self-distributive branding, with Toshiba electricity retailing revenue + 25 per cent. The multi-brand strategy continues, with 2022h1 Colmo brand sales exceeding 4 billion yuan (+150 per cent) and domestic market sales exceeding 1.1 billion yuan (+110 per cent).
In the area of instruments, the global share of domestic air-conditioning compressors has reached 44%; the export of heat pumps from building blocks has grown by more than 200%; Kuka’s Chinese robotic orders have exceeded 20,000 and have worked with customers like Biade, Tesla, and Ninder.
Under pressure, the q2 company’s Māori ratio has risen inversely, leading to an increase in the product structure, both internally and externally, leading to an increase in the average price. The second increase in the 2022q1 Profitability Ring has been marked by a return to business by focusing on core business and products, and an increase in cost-investment efficiency.
Net corporate interest rates are expected to continue to rise, with a two-fold increase in the rate – company information update report – combined with structural improvements in internal and external sales, and control cost drivers.
The performance of 2021h1 meets expectations, diversified operations o2 performed robustly and profitablely improved business resilience 2022h1 achieved gross operating income of $18.3663 billion (+5.0 per cent) and operating income of $182,661 million
Millions of yuan (+1.1%). The focus on core business and products has been growing steadily in the wake of recurrent outbreaks, the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, and rising raw materials prices. 2022h1 achieved a net return profit of 1,595 million yuan (+6.6 per cent) and a non-net profit of 15,692 million yuan.
898 million yuan (+8.9%). The profits of the company q2 grew faster than the income, and the principle of annual operations of the main company “reasonable income, profitable recovery” was quickly adjusted in early 2022, focusing on core business and products, returning to the economic nature, with a marked increase in the average price driven by the upgrading of the structure of the product.
In 2022, H1's five major lines of business, i.e., smart family, industrial technology industry, building technology, robotics and automation, and digital innovation, respectively, grew faster.
In 2022, q2 smarthouses/industrial technologies/building technology/robots and automation/digital innovation revenues fluctuated from the outside macro level, smarthouses declined and end-of-end business grew faster.
Figure 5: 12,5.9 billion yuan in 2022 for H1 smart family housing, figure 6: 33.09 per cent increase in technology revenues for H1 buildings in 2022, H1 heating air conditioning/consumption appliances/robots, automation and other manufactures in 2022
The industry achieved revenue of 83.24 billion yuan/66.33 billion yuan/13.69 billion yuan, respectively, with a ratio of revenue to total revenue of 8:40 per cent growth in H1 ' s digitized business income in 2022 and a steady increase in end-of-service b operations.
In 2022, H1 sales/execution revenue was RMB 1,048.22,778.39 million, respectively, and in the face of fluctuations in the macro-environment abroad, the company’s external sales continued to grow, with the main company focusing on users, pushing the sea out channel to a retail terminal, with 2022h1 adding nearly 2,600 active cooperating clients, and a new overseas brand name.
The total size of the Japanese electricity retail market has grown by 6% over 2021, and the Toshiba electricity business has expanded to more than 120 countries and territories during the month. Intra-electric sales markets, companies have been transforming their channels and improving their efficiency.
The U.S. electricity sales continue to be above 45%, the U.S. sales across the Internet are over $44 billion, and the mainstream power supply platforms like Kyoto, Skycat, etc., have been in the forefront of the home-based full-use industries for 10 years. The company has set up a network of specialized stores that cover a wide range of channels, building materials and domestic loading channels in the country and building more than 1,300 front shops.
The company's multi-brand matrix covers the full price belt for the internal sales market. The high-end colmo continues its upward trend. The overall sales of the 202H1colmo brand broke out by $4 billion, an increase of 150% over the same period.
More than 130,000 have continued to open up high-end landscapes, with a cumulative layout of nearly 170 schools of intellectual experience. At the market end, according to the Ovi Clouds Network, the colmo product in the first half of 2022 was significantly higher in high-end markets, of which the empty modifiers and water purification products were more than 20%, while the dishwashers were close to 13%.
At the end of the market, 2022h1 domestic markets sold more than 1.1 billion yuan, with an increase of over 110% in the same year, and 618 years, with sales exceeding 200 million yuan (+74%) in the Middle East, with an increase of more than 160% in the same year in the Middle East refrigerator.
This represents an 80% increase, with air conditioners in the top three categories of platforms such as Kyoto, Skycats, twitches, and more self-employed shops growing by 1,000% over the same period, and the sale of 95,000 units of air conditioners on the whole web. In 2022, H1 fully advanced the implementation of the Count One strategy in the Chinese region, according to Ovieun Web data.
Of the seven categories of home air conditioners, microwaves, desktop ovens, electric fans, heaters, electromagnetizers, and hot water kettles, beauty is ranked first in the market share on and below the domestic line. On the product side, the focus-scene layout of the products is based on a variety of products.
The balconies, kitchens, and baths scenes have introduced new products, carrying a number of technologies developed by the company itself, which have led to significant breakthroughs in the use of the body and performance of the product. Industrial technology continues to grow deep in consumer appliances, and the industry continues to strengthen its leadership in the field of consumer appliances.
In the first half of 2022, the global market for household air-conditioning compressors, which accounted for between Biti and 44 per cent, continued to be the world's largest; the global market for refrigerator compressors, which reached 14 per cent, was in the forefront of the industry; and the global sales of domestic air-conditioning and laundry machines, which were 42 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively, remained industry leaders.
In terms of technology, elevator operations in the first half of 2022 generated $700 million, a 40 per cent increase in production.
Data from industry’s online surveillance for the first half of 2022 show that US central air-conditioning domestic market is still the largest. According to industry online data, US exports of heat pumps in the first half of 2022 grew by more than 200% on a year-on-year basis, ranking the highest in China’s heat pump industry.
With regard to robotics, China has continued to promote the integration and expansion of robotics in the market. As of June 2022, China had acquired more than 20,000 robotic orders to overcome the epidemic and supply chain problems, and more than 10,000 production deliveries had been made with head customers in new energy cars like Biadi, Tesla, Ui and Ningde.
The average price is driven by a reverse increase in the q2 Māori ratio, a drop in the price of raw materials and a rise in the product structure, and an increase in net interest rates (+0.6 pcts) that are expected to continue to rise (+0.6 pcts) by 1.9 pcts over the ring.
The increase in interest rates has led to an upturn in the structure of products that are mainly sold internally and exported, leading to an increase in average prices. The Māori ratio is based on the 2022 H1 company H1 Heating Air Conditioning/Consumption Electrical/Robots, Automated Systems, and their core business and products, returning to business nature and increasing cost-investment efficiency.
Building up, controlling fee efficiency contributions, and net corporate interest rates are expected to keep up the upward trend.4 Revenue forecasting and investment proposals, in the wake of recurrent epidemics, conflict in Russia and Ukraine, rising raw materials prices, etc.
Products continue to perform steadily and are more resilient. B-side operations are more expensive, growing faster, and c-side operations are high-end, leading to a continuous improvement in product structure. We expect that net corporate interest rates will continue to rise in the face of declining prices for raw materials, adding products for sale internally and externally, structural upgrading, and cost-effectiveness drivers.
The risk of rising raw materials: market competition increases the risk: channels are not expanding as much as expected.