Wind and power lead company benefiting from the two-carbon policy - Long-source Electricity (001289) In-depth report
Type of report: Corporate studies The company’s wind power capacity continues to increase and the industry is firmly established The company currently operates mainly in wind power, and the main engine of growth comes from wind power.
Sustained growth has largely benefited from the increase in wind and electricity sales as a result of the continued expansion of wind and power installed capacity. In the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved operating revenues of $10,422 million, a small increase of 5.82 per cent over the previous period, and net profits of shareholders belonging to parent companies of $2,254 million, a decline of 21.33 per cent over the same period.
With the twin-carbon goal contributing to the transformation of power structures, wind-loading machines maintain rapid growth, aided by the two-carbon goal, new requirements for optimizing the transformation of our power structure, wind-loading machines are expected to maintain rapid growth. As new energy-loading plants grow at a high rate and parity projects become more and more expensive, stock subsidies are being made available.
The impact of the arrears will become smaller, and the issue of stock subsidies is expected to receive progressive policy attention and improvement. The 14th Five-Year Plan is ambitious, with rapid future growth in installed capacity and a target of 70-80 million kilowatts for the National Energy Group during the 14th Five-Year Plan, with the power source power as a national capacity.
The source group’s new energy development portfolio is expected to add more than 30 million kilowatts of new energy installed during the “14th Five-Year” period. In addition, the group has committed itself to feeding other remaining wind power operations into dragon power sources within three years of the conclusion of stock swaps and asset acquisition transactions, bringing the total amount of wind outside the group to 21,40,67 million kilowatts.
For the first time, it covers the `enhancement' rating, i.e., the course of corporate development, the actual controlling person and the equity structure.
Long-source electricity, an important new energy generation company under the umbrella of the National Energy Group, has been engaged in the design, development, construction, management and operation of wind farms, which, after more than three decades of development, have become a large, integrated power generation group, dominated by new energy operations, operating more than 400 wind farms throughout the country, operating in 32 provinces and cities in the country and in Canada.
In 2011-2021, the total installed capacity of corporate holdings was raised from 10573 to 2669.9 thousand kilowatts.
The company is owned by the National Energy Group, which holds 54.91% of the company's shareholdings.
According to the information disclosed in the first quarter of 2022, the State Energy Investment Group held 4,602 million shares, or 54.91 per cent of the company ' s total equity, as shareholders in the company. The company ' s ultimate real controlling person was the State Property Supervisory Authority of the State Council.
The Board of Directors, which ultimately holds 58.56% of the company’s shareholdings. 2.1 The main business and product company currently operates mainly in wind power, and the main engine of growth comes from wind power.
Maintained steady growth, largely benefiting from the increase in wind and electricity sales as a result of the continued expansion of wind and power capacity. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved business income of 10,422 million yuan, an increase of 9.50 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 2,254 million won to the shareholders of the parent department, with a simultaneous decline of 21.33 per cent. In 2021, the company was firmly placed in a position to secure a job entry.
In 2021, the company increased its holding capacity by 2,104 megawatts, including 1,451 megawatts of wind power; cumulatively completed power generation by 63,285,328 megawatts, 1,875 megawatts of fire power control units and 1,156 megawatts of other renewable energy units.
In 2021, the company continued to improve the digital platform in line with its three-year digital transformation plan. The data collection rate was nearly 100%, with video and wireless equipment covering the wind turbines, producers, vehicles, and operational ship on-line tubes.
At the same time, companies deploy more than 100 equipment warning models, develop forecasting early warning algorithms on a digital basis on a continuous basis, strengthen equipment to prevent maintenance and reduce electricity losses; construct a new module for the “Regional Protection Center + Central Monitoring Centre” to enable some stations to be unmanned and unattended; and implement higher utilization hours, starting with equipment reliability.
In addition, in 2021, the company continued to implement equipment management, focusing on systemic cross-cutting issues and promoting a disaster-free windstorm. The network-related equipment was modified to complete the separation of the wind engine abb transformer igbt and the gear tank temperature valve.
At the same time, the company has begun the process of collating the wind turbines, completing the classification and economic assessment of the company’s 1.5 megawatts of aircraft and below; and completing the studyable report on the big voltage and minor modifications of the old wind farms, some of which have already been certified.
In 2021, the company accumulated 63,285,328 MW of electricity generation, of which 51,299,762 MW were generated by wind, an increase of 17.44 per cent in the same year. The increase in wind power generation was due mainly to increased capacity and higher wind speeds than in 2020. The average utilization of wind power in 2021 was 2,366 hours, an increase of 127 hours compared to 2020.
The increase in the number of hours used was mainly due to higher wind speeds and better equipment governance, which improved the operation of the equipment during the reporting period, when the amount of power generated by the company ' s fire and power holdings was 10,776,027 megawatt-hours, 929 hours higher than in the same period in 2020, when 9,034,239 trillion,4,818 hours were spent. The main reason for the increase in the number and hours of electricity generated by the company in 2021 was due to the increase in the number of electricity generated by the company.
In Jiangsu province, the electricity load has risen. 2. Resource acquisition has increased, with diversified development consolidating the leading position: Giva, photovoltaic 36.70, complementary project 8.00 GW, located in the better-resourced areas of Guangxi, Jiangsu, and Jiangsu.
In the provinces of Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Xinjiang, Yunnan, Hunan, Shandong, Jiangxi, Ningxia, Shaanxi, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Zhejiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Anhui, Fujian, etc., new agreements have a capacity of more than 1 million kilowatts. In the organized competitive configuration of the country, companies have a median capacity of 9,465 megawatts, with wind power of 2,172 megawatts, photovoltaic of 6,113 megawatts.
The grid side storage capacity of 1,180 MW/1,920 MW, with distributed projects of 4,900 MW, plus clean heating items of 4,000 MW, cumulatively achieved a development target of 18,365 MW over the year. 2021, the year of the start of the 14th Five-Five, was the year when the company entered the wind, was able to complementarities, diversified and diversified.
The company insists on implementing the new energy security strategy of the "Four Revolutions, One Partnership" to effectively play the role of a new energy professional platform. Follow the company's core development thinking and path, strengthen the efficient and rapid development of photovoltaics, consolidate the leading edge of wind power, and build a clean, efficient and complementary demonstration base.
Actively explore new technologies such as offshore wind and electricity parity access, expansion and leadership of storage and hydrogen energy. Rapid access to high-quality resources and high-quality boost projects in many forms, such as autonomous development, cooperative development and M & A projects. Within the National Energy Group, leverage the advantages of the entire industrial chain throughout the country, such as coal, electricity, transport, chemicals, etc., and expand resource storage.
External to the National Energy Group, in joint development and strategic cooperation with leading industry enterprises, the construction of projects to scale up is stable and the quality of the projects is being improved to achieve a new level of safety, quality, environmental safety and social stability. No new coronary pulmonary development is taking place.
Inflammation cases, engineering projects are moving forward effectively, construction prices are being controlled, and production is being successfully completed throughout the year.
In 2021, the company continued to focus on safety and environmental protection through the development of high-risk operational safety check cards to guide high-risk operations such as high-risk slopes and lifts, and to strengthen ex ante and in-the-counter safety controls, effectively reducing engineering safety risks and improving the efficiency of high-wind safety management of high-risk operations; strict implementation of environmental water protection “three simultaneously” and integration of environmental water protection programmes into the initial design
Review, review of bid documents management processes, planning from the source, planning of the construction process, reduction of secondary governance costs, reduction of total construction costs and construction of the Green Water Hills project.
Design of a model design programme for lifting stations, the Manual for the Standardization of Construction of Safety Civilizations, the Atlas of Quality Standards of the Construction Point (2021 edition), the Manual for Standardization of the Owners Project Department have been developed as a model for standardized extension of construction for the National Energy Group, standardizing, standardizing and standardizing new energy projects.
In 2021, the company added 24 new projects with a holding capacity of 2,104 megawatts. Of these, 16 were wind power projects, 1,451 megawatts of holding capacity, 8 photovoltaic projects, and 653 megawatts of holding capacity. In addition, in 2021, a total capacity of 86 megawatts of wind power was reduced due to the divestiture of defective assets.
The control capacity is 26,699 megawatts, with wind and power holding capacity of 23,668 megawatts, fire and power holding capacity of 1,875 megawatts and other renewable energy and control capacity of 1,156 megawatts.
In 2021, companies actively engaged in spot trading, and market-based transactions increased their prices throughout the year. Science sets out the optimal ratio of spot and medium- and long-term electricity to maximize returns. Widening windfire substitution, actively participating in green power trading, and promoting revenue generation in an orderly manner.
National carbon market progress, renewable energy consumption quotas, international green cards, domestic green cards, carbon trading mechanisms, etc.
Auxiliary trade support tool that effectively improves the quality of spot trading. The organization’s company participates in the Green Power Trading Pilot, all of which are traded at a price higher than the price of the coal-fired poles. Arranges for a green card on a price-neutral project and sells 316,000 international green cards. In 2021, the average feed-in price for all company power generation was RMB 468/MW hours (excluding VAT), compared to RMB 468/MW hours in 2021.
In 2020, RMB 463/MWh (excluding VAT) was increased by RMB 5/MWh. The average wind power on the grid was RMB 489/MWh (excluding VAT), compared to RMB 487/MWh in 2020 (excluding VAT), mainly due to the expansion of wind market transactions and market transactions.
Electricity prices have risen. The average feed-in price of electricity is RMB 352/MWh (excluding VAT) and the increase of RMB 27/MW when compared to the 2020 RMB 325/MWh (excluding VAT) is mainly due to market prices, which allow for the construction of four plates.
The company is divided into branches for management, new energy generation, by type of business: the division constructs, manages and stores new energy power plants and produces electricity, and sells it to the Outer Power Network. In 2021, the division realized operating income.
In 2021, the branch achieved operating income of $15.196 billion, an increase of 62.81 per cent over the same period; the revenues associated with the sales of new energy and power generation account for the vast majority of corporate sales and Māori. The company achieved operating profits of $8.708 billion in 2021, an increase of 25.59 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the parent company was $6.404 billion.
This represents an increase of 28.67 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved business income of $10.02 billion, an increase of 5.82 per cent in the same year; profits in the business sector of $3,315 million, a decrease of 15.18 per cent in the same year; net profits in the parent company of $2,254 million, a decrease in the impact of domestic and foreign epidemics, which led to a slight decline in the company ' s profitability.
Corporate asset-liability ratios are at the same level as industry averages, and as a new source of energy, credit-resources insurance companies are solvent. Companies have maintained a steady level of financial leverage in recent years, and asset turnover rates have shown a trend towards improvement, as evidenced by this trend.
Ming’s overall capacity to operate is increasing. Figure 9: Leveraging and asset operations. Wind power installed steadily increased in 2021.
At 8,318,828 million kilowatt-hours, there was an increase of 10.3 per cent in the same year, an increase of 7.1 percentage points from the previous year; at 8,376.8 billion kilowatt-hours, there was an increase of 9.8 percentage points in the same year; at 655.6 billion kilowatt-hours, there was an increase of 40.5 per cent in the same year, representing an increase of 1.7 percentage points in the share of electricity generated in the country.
The average number of hours used to generate electricity at 6,000 kW and above in the country was 3,817 hours, an increase of 60 hours in the same year, and in Giva, an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year, of which 328 kW (including 302 kW on land and 26 kW on sea) were connected with wind, accounting for 13.8 per cent of the total installed capacity, and 176 kW in 2021, of which 176 kW were added to the national infrastructure.
Highlights and achievements: in 2021, the company was firmly in control of the overall thrust of its work, maintaining a high-quality and high-quality approach, and stock operations performed well, with incremental growth to a new level.
Wa, of which wind power is 1,451 MW; cumulatively completed power generation of 63,285,328 MWh, an increase of 19.26 per cent in the same year, and stroke power generation of 51,299,762 MWh, an increase of 17.44 per cent in the same year. As of 31 December 2021, the company had a holding capacity of 26,699 MW, with wind holding capacity of 23,668 MW and fire holding capacity.
With the introduction of the “double carbon” target, the policy environment for the development of wind and photovoltaic power has changed profoundly: new energy development logic has changed, new energy development thinking, development mechanisms and development models have changed significantly.
On a number of occasions, the sector has made clear in public that during the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan the theme of anchoring carbon peaks and targets, with high-quality leaps to development, with efficiency gains as the main thrust, with innovation as the engine of change, and five development ideas to be pursued in order to promote a shift in the development of new sources of energy from the scale of dissipation to the demand of elimination-backed development, with a view to achieving a large scale of new sources of energy,
Under global carbon neutral and emission reduction targets, the overall industry is well advanced. But, with the spread of mutagenic strains, the spread of the epidemic is not effectively controlled, border controls are still in place, and pre-exploitation efforts are not effective.
The impact of the new crown epidemic on global logistics and industrial chains, supply chains, will continue to affect the supply and transport of ongoing projects. Since 2021, with rising electricity prices, the international energy industry has intensified its new energy transformation, with new buyers pouring into markets, taking advantage of high-quality global wind resources, and making it more difficult to access projects and reducing their harvest.
At the same time, the complex and varied international political situation and the easing of Chinese-American relations will continue; the confrontation between Russia and the European Union and NATO will intensify; and the situation in some parts of the country will remain volatile, placing greater demands on risk prevention and resolution for investing in new energy projects abroad. Companies will overcome the adverse effects and increase their focus on markets.
The company is guided by Xi Jinping's socialist philosophy of Chinese identity in the new era. It is committed to the spirit of the Party's 19th and 19th plenary sessions and the Central Economic Work Conference. It is determined to implement the series of inspections of the Xi Jinping chemicals industry by Xi Jinping General Secretary.
In the spirit of words and important instructions, the great call of “socialism is what it is,” the great call for steady progress, the general thrust of work, the complete, accurate and comprehensive implementation of new development concepts, the construction of new development patterns in services, the promotion of high-quality development, the emphasis on “stable, synergistic, empowering, high-quality” work orientations, and the solid establishment of global leaders in new energy enterprises.
In 2022, the company was successfully listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s main board, and “a+h” became a source of information.
Power is once again sailing as a new milestone. We will take the opportunity to return to the a-share, take the right direction, seize the major strategic opportunities in the new energy sector, regulate operations, operate robustly, and increase endogenous dynamics, development, and overall strength. Companies will further improve the competitiveness of their firms, maintain industry leadership, and strive to achieve corporate leadership.
In 2022, companies will focus on the following five areas: strengthening safety loops, keeping controls and continuously improving the level of physical security; fully harnessing development opportunities and steadfastly promoting high-quality development;
To ensure that the growth in performance is effectively guaranteed by enabling productive operations; to sustain the deepening of reform and innovation to foster strong development dynamics; and to strengthen the leadership role of the Party in promoting high levels of integration.
Table 2. Company key time nodes and status of major capital operations in recent years
After the merger has been completed, the company, or its designated wholly-owned subsidiary, will take over the assets, liabilities, and carry out the transfer process in order to close the market and cancel the legal personality. At the same time, the company will receive a share of the shares and the original equity share of the combined shares.
In this stock exchange, flat energy exchange prices are based on an average price of $3.50 per share for 20 trading days prior to the date of application, giving a premium of 10%, or $3.85 per share.
The equity exchange price will be adjusted accordingly, except for equity exchange. The share exchange rate will not be adjusted. The share exchange ratio for this stock exchange is 1:0.3407, i.e., flat-house energy exchange shares per one flat-house energy share held by shareholders.
The “double-carbon” target promotes the transformation of power structures, and the wind engine maintains rapid growth, supported by the “double-carbon” target, and the new requirements for optimizing the transformation of our power structure, which is expected to sustain rapid growth.
The impact of arrears will become smaller, and the issue of stock subsidies is expected to gain policy attention and improvement. In a context where policies explicitly support green power, the environmental properties of green power are expected to perpetuate green price-price transactions, which will benefit new energy-generation operators from steady growth at both the income and profit ends. Green power premiums are expected to provide a boom price.
Subsidized to become an accelerator in the new energy-generation industry. 4.1.2. Relying on the National Energy Group, wind-loading power levels sustain industry leaders.
The Division, which has maintained its status as the world's largest wind power operator, has continued to promote the rhythm of new energy installed in recent years, with steady increases in wind power and light voltage. As of 2021, the company had a holding capacity of 26,699 megawatts (MW), of which wind held capacity 23,668 MW, fire held capacity 1,875 megawatts (MW) and other renewable energy holdings.
Capacity 1,156 megawatts. 4.1.3. The 14th Five-Year Plan is ambitious, with a fast-growing future load period and an additional 70-80 million kilowatts of NEG targets for power generation as a national capacity during the 14th Five-Year Plan
In addition, the Group is committed to re-injecting other residual wind power operations into a total of 21,40,67 million kW in vitro power generation within three years of the conclusion of the stock exchange and asset acquisition transaction.
In 2025, the company's installed capacity was expected to reach close to 80 million yuan. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved business income of 10,422 million yuan, operating profits of 3,303 million yuan and net profits of 2,254 million yuan belonging to the parent division; and the Māori rate was 41.90 per cent and the net interest rate of 25.91 per cent.
Revenue: In the company’s main business block, electricity products are expected to maintain a small double-digit growth in the future as the company follows up with the increase in wind and light voltage. Māori ratio: we predict a small increase in future Māori rates for electricity products, mainly because of the company’s ability to operate internally.
The increase in power is expected to result in a sustained increase in the number of hours spent on wind and light installed machines, as well as a slight increase in the price of electricity for green electricity in the future, taking into account the national policy preference for green power policy.
The company, as the core new energy operating platform of the National Energy Group, is expected to sustain rapid growth with the help of the “double carbon” target, which was set at 70-80 million kilowatts for the 14-year period.
During the "4-5" period, new energy loadings are expected to reach more than 30 million kilowatts, taking into account the acquisition of corporate wind power assets during the "14-5" period, and the company's installed capacity is expected to reach close to 80 million kilowatts in 2025, with a long-term growth space, covering for the first time, and we give an “additional” rating.
The country’s low-carbon energy-related subsidies have fallen short of expectations.
The end of the period is expected to be followed by a round-up in the second quarter (2020429) The Liquino shares (002651), 2021 and one-quarter reviews: slightly over-expected performance in the first quarter of the 22nd year and uncertainty in the two-quarter growth due to outbreak control (2020427)
NARRATOR (300260) 2021 and quarterly reviews: corporate performance continues to exceed expectations, semiconductor business climate continues to be high (202,226) 2021 and quarterly reviews: 21 years of underperformance, companies
Performance repair is influenced by 22 years of chip delivery (2020426) Tinglong shares (002931), 2021 and one-quarter reports: the company's Māori recovery rate is lower than we expected, and the epidemic constrains the company's ability to operate in the second quarter (2020423).
Hang Oxyre (002430) 2021 Report: Gas operations are steadily developing, equipment is expected, petrochemical and hydrogen energy is available (20220329)
Financially funded securities companies are the country’s first professional securities department to be made by the financial intermediary. After more than 30 years of change and growth, the company has now grown into a limited capital holding agency of the China-China Electric Group.