The Sini Sanctuary brings in coal, the mountain west coal (000983.sz)
Business performance continued to increase, with assets injected into the land area increasing by 38.68 per cent; net profit achieved by the mother was $8.296 billion, an increase of 161.37 per cent; deductions benefited from high coal prices and excellent business performance. Coal prices were higher in 2022 than in the year.
\triangleright rises, with the Xinhua Mount West Coal Price Index receiving $1768/ton as of October 11, an increase of 38.71% from the previous quarter.
As corporate cash flows have continued to improve over the past two years, and corporate debt tables have been repaired, the decline in asset-liability ratios by 6.37 q3 is not expected to affect the performance of q4. Company q3 registered a 28.67 per cent increase in revenue, a 26.03 per cent increase in net profits, and a decline in ring q2 due to the q3 Xinhua Xi Coal Prices Association during the same period.
The index ring q2 did not fall, but instead rose by 1.32%, and is expected to be affected by more than anticipated outbreaks during the q2 period, and by a fall in corporate coal production and sales due to restrictions on road transport during the summer rains. The current price of international coal remains high compared to domestic prices, and the prices of international coal have continued to rise in the recent past, and are expected to rise in the last four quarters of the country.
The price of coal is still high, while the domestic economy is stable, downstream demand is expected to rebound, company q4 q4 watts of coal assets are in sight, and the securitization space of the group assets is still large.
Coal is still moving steadily, and on October 18, the company released a revised version of the transaction report, which is expected to be in sight. According to the Sanxi Coal Group bond collection statement, the group's coal production capacity is 207 million tons, regardless of the capacity of Shanxi Coal Import and Export Group, and about 128 million tons remain.
At the same time, there is still much room for future asset injections. Moreover, according to the Shanxi State Finance Committee, 2022 was the year of the Shanxi State Enterprise Reform Board, and the obstacles that had previously affected Shanxi state companies were expected to be addressed, and the likelihood that companies would receive support from the Group’s assets would increase.
Liu Guijun Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; coal prices are over-expected downside; production life risks; \triangleright
The group’s assets are not injected as much as the anticipated risks. Question. This report clearly and accurately reflects my own research. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
For personal gain, either by himself or by another person.