On October 17, 2022, Shanxi Coal released its three-quarter performance report, and by 2022, Shanxi Coal (000983)
Quarterly operating income of $41,179 million, an increase of 38.68 per cent, and market price fluctuations attributable to parent companies affecting company profits to a certain extent. The company’s third-quarter earnings are lower than the second-quarter round, and we believe that they are mainly affected by the price adjustment for coke.
The overall Coal Price Index (average) for Shanxi Coal increased by 39 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 7.9 per cent compared with the ring ratio for the second quarter. The average price of the main Coal Coal in Shanxi for the third quarter was $2082.56 per tonne, a decrease of 9.83 per cent over the same period, and a decline of 22.95 per cent in the ring price.
Prices and performance have had some impact. Coal prices are now rising steadily, with an average price of 2302 yuan per ton for the main coal in Shanxi as at 14 October, a 13.23% increase in the monthly ring.
The proposed injection of assets is expected to increase the profits of companies on the market, further entrenching the role of coal-coal poles. The listed public department plans to buy 51% of Chinese coal and 49% of the bead industry for $7,928 million.
Of this amount, 15% is paid in cash and 85% in shares. The four mines that are part of the target asset, Hsingao Coal, have a total capacity of 11.1 million tonnes/year, an equity capacity of 51.27 million tonnes/year, have not yet finished production in 2021, and are expected to reach production by 2024, when further performance will be released.
According to the company’s announcement, the net return to the mother in January-July 2022 in Shanxi Coal is $6,761 million, and the profit after the easy payment (preparation) is $7,665 million. We believe that with the successful infusion of the assets of the group, the public administration will be able to achieve a two-fold increase in productivity and performance.
Over the last four quarters, coal demand reheated with low stocks to support the price of coal refined. More recently, the supply side, due to tight regulation of safe production during major meetings, is expected to reduce coal production and supply. The demand side is accompanied by a $600 billion infrastructure investment fund, and infrastructure is warming.
There is currently a low level of certainty. As of 14 October, the six main ports had a total of 1.67 million tons of coal, with a 15.34 per cent reduction in the peri-ring ratio, which is less than 40 per cent of the stock in the same period last year; and a 9.291 million per cent decrease in the peri-link ratio in 230 independent coke refineries.
In the long run, we believe that the scarcity of coal resources determines supply shortages may persist, and that the Sunda Coal Price Center is expected to continue to rise, with greater certainty and stability in corporate profitability.
We believe that the increase in the supply end of the expected increase in the demand for coal will result in the increase in the number 1 building of the 9th Palace Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
A steady increase in the price of supporting coal and a recovery in corporate performance, taking into account the central risk factors of the price of coal: a sharp decline in the price of coal as a result of the severe macroeconomic downturn, uncertainties in industrial policies, and the risk of safe production accidents.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th and fifth” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, have worked as a license in the field of electricity and natural gas.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.