q3 High performance, with attention to improved demand for coal and asset injection in Shanxi Coal (000983.sz) October 18, 2022
• q3 showed a high performance, with concern for improved demand and asset injection for coal refining, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The company issued a three-monthly report in 2022, which achieved a revenue of $41.18 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, i.e. +38.7 per cent; achieved a net return of $8.3 billion to the mother, i.e. +161.4 per cent; achieved a net profit of $8.28 billion.
Keeping in view of the company’s continued high profitability and the prospect of smooth running of the price of q4 coker, we have adjusted the profit forecast appropriately while the group’s assets are injected into it. Keep the “buy-in” rating.
• Maintenance of high growth in company performance, with coal refining prices supporting stronger performances of q3 and a decline in ring value: 2022 q3 main coal storage at an average price of 2601 yuan per tonne, compared to the same rate when coal refining by the company is carried out in the form of “annual quantification, quarterly price increases” and the Quarterly Association ensures relative stability in corporate profitability.
q3 continued to perform higher than in the same year. As a result of the continued rains in the west and west of the mountain in August/September, many railways along the company collapsed, affecting the distribution of coal, and the decline in sales combined with the fall in the market price of coal or a drop in the performance ring of q3.
At the end of demand, the country’s steel mills have been operating at a high rate, the recent decline in the social stock of steel has been sustained, and downstream infrastructure and property chains have been restored. With the 20th anniversary, a steady economic package is expected to fall gradually, and demand for coal is expected to improve.
Coal/Cold Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co.
Group asset injections accelerated: on 30 September 2022, the company intended to purchase equity shares and cash payments, repair the assets and inject them into a company that reported an evaluation of 51 per cent of the split held by the company ' s controlling shareholders, the purchase of Li Jinyu, and the purchase of 51 per cent of the shares of the Chinese Jingyu coal.
Report 2022.8.10 A total of 49% of the stock held by the HPK in the Ming Jue coal industry has been recommenced, and the company ' s asset acquisition process has been recommenced.
Miners are all high-quality primary and coal-fired, with a total capacity of 11.1 million tonnes/year, after the company's acquisition of the property - report of the company's forecast evaluation report.