China Stone (600176.sh) Low-valued leader and leader of the fibre-optic industry
Productive capacity continues to be released and profitability is increasing: 1.3 million tons of corporate capacity in 2016, compared to the same ton; while company cost control capacity is increasing, with 19.98 per cent for the duration of the company in 2016, 7 percentage points below 2012 and 44.5 per cent of the company ' s Māori rate, which is a further historic high in the future
There is still room to increase profitability as size gains increase further. 17 years of industry supply and demand structures have continued to improve, with the share of thermal plastic composites rising: 17 years of new capacity, more concentrated at the end of the year, with a net energy investment of around 300,000 tons, matching the 5-6% increase in demand, versus the price
Downstream, electronics, orbital transport, light weighting of cars, etc. are in the upper cycle, and demand supports it. As downstream applications expand, the fibre-optics sector is gradually smoothing out its weekly nature, increasing its resistance to cyclical risks.
Sex composites are gradually becoming mainstream, with 1.96 million tons of thermal plastic composites produced in 2016, an increase of 11.39% over last year, and two consecutive years of double-digit growth, with huge scope for growth. Globalization of the fabric, high-end products, and production intelligence: firms accelerating the pace of global expansion, Egypt III
It will be operational in September, when Egypt's total capacity will reach 200,000 tons, when a United States subsidiary will be established by the end of 16th, and when strategic investors will be introduced, gei will invest 80,000 tons of unalkali-based fibre lines, external sales, and effective anti-dumping countervailing policies will be avoided; at the same time, companies will be actively restructuring their products, with a gradual increase in the proportion of high-end products.
Upgraded, its e8 super-high-module fibreglass fills a gap in the international market for super-high-modulus fibres; The Giant Stone Group proposes to invest $2.9 billion in the construction of 300,000 tons of fibreglass-smart production lines, which will increase the company's intelligence and significantly improve production efficiency, perhaps leading to a new cycle of innovation.
China’s giant rock and Chinese technology combine with China’s operations under China’s build-up flag, Bolivia’s fibres, and leaves, and the consolidation of the related assets will be gradually realized as China’s build-up is completed, with the two leaders looking at the reforms. At the same time, as a global trade commodity, the bobble is on the same side.
With the warming of downstream demand and the release of company capacity, the giant stones will benefit fully from the dividends of the industry’s climate cycle, and future performance will grow steadily, further entrenching the vanguard, and suggesting a focus.
He's got a bad climate in the bovine industry, the concentration of production released down prices, low downstream demand, and China's Great Stone-Global Fibre Leader.
China’s giant stones, mainly in the production and marketing of fibreglass and its products, are the world’s largest producer of fibreglass and lead in the world’s fibre optic industry. The share of corporate production is now 20% globally, 32% domestically, and is well above other industry firms in the country.
The company is a typical “principal” company, with the actual owner being a Chinese build-up group, while the main owner and the business is a private enterprise. In terms of the equity structure, China’s build-up and Jin-seok groups hold 26.97% and 15.59% of China’s shares, respectively, with relatively decentralized shares, with small differences in shareholdings, both in terms of ownership and in terms of equity.
Over the years, companies have taken advantage of corporate regulation, size advantages, technological strengths, and have integrated the flexibility of private enterprises, incentives, entrepreneurship, and have led to the innovation of a business model of cross-equity and complementarity of state-owned and private capital, which is a model model of “private ownership”.
Chart 1: The company’s equity structure, China Giant Stone Co. Ltd., has gone through 18 years of development. The company was founded in 1999 by China’s Construction Materials and Jinseok Group investment and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in the same year.
The company’s headquarters were moved from Beijing to Zhejiang, the capital of the company, and changed its name to China’s Great Stone in 2015. From its inception to today’s Big Bang, it has been growing rapidly.
Chart 2: Corporate development milestones • The company was formed and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange • The company was renamed China Fibres and Co. Ltd.
• Completion of the construction of the world's largest production base • The company's production capacity is the world's number one target increase in major asset restructuring, with the grouping of giant stones
• The company's headquarters was moved from Beijing to Zhejiang village, where the Egyptian project came into operation and “go out” to complete the key step — it was listed as China's Building Materials Group developing a mixed ownership economy
The first pilot implementation unit — the company changed its name to China Giant Stone Co. Ltd. — the foundation for the industrial smart manufacturing base for the U.S. project.
Subcontracting, introduction of strategic investors gei with a smooth growth rate and high profitability Business income increased from $370 million to $7,446 million, with a compound growth rate of 19.24 per cent; operating profits increased from
In addition to the negative growth and loss of operating income and profits due to the impact of the global financial crisis, China’s Great Stone’s operating income and profits have remained largely on the rise. In recent years, corporate revenues and profits have been steadily rising, and profitability has gradually increased.
By region, corporate revenues are evenly distributed within and outside the country, with exports remaining 50% to the right. As a global trade-oriented product, companies have increased their outreach abroad, and now have 14 productions in Great Stone South Africa, France, Italy, Canada, Spain, India, Singapore, etc.
Trade-held overseas subsidiaries and two overseas distributors are responsible for raw materials imports and exports of fibre-optic products. At the same time, companies have established long-standing and stable partnerships with customers in more than 80 countries and regions, including North America, the Middle East, Europe, South-East Asia, Africa, and good production and sales branches.
The global market’s foothold and business expansion provide the right conditions. Cost control is growing, the Maori rate is rising, and it is rising to an all-time high. The Māori rate is one of the reasons for the fall in the price of fuel and natural gas production: companies are stringent.
Using cost-control management, precision management and appraisal mechanisms for energy conservation and consumption, the cost of time is constantly being reduced: third, companies are investing heavily in R & D and technological innovation, promoting high product structure and increasing monolithic Mäori. The profitability of their products is steadily increasing.
Fibre fibres are an inorganic non-metal material with excellent properties, high heat resistance, high electro-insulation, high tolerance of chemical media, high stretching strength, low weight, small extension, low wetting, sound-sorting, etc.
It can replace a variety of traditional materials, such as steel, aluminium, wood, cement, pvc, with a wealth of secondary raw materials, cost stability, and the maturity of production processes, leading to an emphasis on their high-value advantage. Raw materials are rich in production and prices are stable.
It is the most important raw material, accounting for more than 50% of the cost of all raw materials, and it is China, which accounts for hundreds of millions of tons of them. The cost of raw materials is relatively stable, owing to the larger supply of raw materials and the smaller price changes.
Natural gas prices remain low, effectively reducing costs. Because of the high melting point for ore raw materials, production needs to be preserved. The high temperature of 1,600 degrees in the kiln melts raw materials, consuming large amounts of natural gas fuel, electricity and steam, which account for about 30% of the total cost.
In recent years, gas prices have continued to decline, providing favourable conditions for cost reductions. The supply of major upstream resources has been sufficient to allow the production costs of fibre-optics to remain largely stable.
In both cases, there is less investment in narcisfa, and the technology is simple and flexible enough to adjust the scale of production, mainly by small-scale fibre-optic enterprises. But, owing to the complexity of the process, the product is not of high quality and performance, and it is energy-intensive, and the method is being phased out by most firms.
This method first melts ore raw materials into glass in a kiln, solubles, removes bubbles and then transports up to-to-hole kiln leaks by mode, high-speed pulls into a fibre. The kiln connects hundreds of leaks to simultaneous production through multiple circuits, with simple, energy-efficient, stable production processes.
It is highly efficient and productive, benefiting from large-scale fully automated production. It is currently producing about 94% of total production using the kiln process, and its production has steadily increased over the past five years, reaching 3.4 million tons in 2016. As the industry has increased its demand for fibre quality and performance downstream, and the need for energy conservation and environmental protection has accelerated the upgrading of the structure of the industry.
As a result of last year’s decline in wind and electricity, the price of the alkaline veil was pressured last year, with 2400 tex entangled in the direct veil as an example, and prices have been falling for 16 years, at a current price of about $4,500 per ton.
At the same time, the fibre-optics are growing, and although high-end composites, such as carbon fibres, are lightweight and performable, they are 5-25 times more expensive than the price of the fibres.
The advantage of high value for money from fibre-optic composites is that there are still 10 applications in the future, and the industry monopoly pattern is long-term, and the industry -- high barriers, high concentration.
There is a clear pattern of oligopolistic competition in the fibre-optic industry, which is a high barrier, a high concentration. Globally, there are currently more than 6 million tons of total global output, with the top six suppliers producing about 75% of the capacity, i.e. ocv, ppg, johnsmanivel, China's Great Stone, Chongqing International, and Tarzan.
China’s Great Stones, Tarzan Fibres and Chongqing International are the three largest players in the country’s fibre-optic industry, accounting for about 64% of the country’s total production capacity, plus Shandong Fibres, Sichuan Weibo and Long Sea shares, with about 80% of the production capacity of the country’s top six suppliers. Both global and domestic markets are characterized by a concentration of production capacity.
Large suppliers are largely able to control the supply of goods in the industry. In this pattern, large-scale fibre-optic firms have a greater competitive advantage, and it is very difficult for emerging firms to enter or leave the market.
It creates high entry barriers, and our policy has raised entry thresholds on the basis of the technical, financial, and other barriers inherent in the bobble industry, and the advantages of large bobble firms will become more evident. Not only will it be more difficult for emerging firms to enter the market, but the less competitive ones are also likely to be pushed out of the market.
Industry concentration will increase further, and oligopolistic patterns will be maintained over the long term. Chart 13: High barriers in the fibre-optic industry.
With an output of about 3.8 million tons, or about 60 per cent of global total capacity, the country ' s fibre-optic capacity has grown at an average annual compound rate of 6.65 per cent over the past three years, well above the annual compound growth rate of 1.70 per cent for global capacity.20 The country ' s fibre-optic production has grown from 950,000 tons in 2005 to 3.62 million tons, with an average annual compound growth rate of 12 per cent, compared with global production.
It is relatively stable, with an average annual compound growth rate of only about 5 per cent, with the country producing 3.62 million tons of fibre in 16 years.
As the outlook for the fibre-optics industry rises, and new production and marketing opportunities continue to grow, the market's concern for the fibre-optic industry is the impact of new production capacity, resulting in an imbalance in supply and demand and a fall in prices. According to statistics, it is expected that the new ignition capacity will reach 580,000 tons this year, or about 8 per cent of the world's total capacity, but about 400,000 tons of it.
It will be ready for production by the end of the year or next year, coupled with a one-to-two-month kiln time, which will hardly impact this year, and the expansion of downstream applications and steady growth in demand.
These downstream applications are fragmented, with different types of specific uses, and, as they continue to expand, they also stabilize the overall market demand for fibre-optic products. The fibre-optics industry is in a state of flux, with future growth dominated.
The period-plus-growth industry, which used to have a larger share of fibres applied to construction, is clearly cyclical. As downstream applications expand, the industry is gradually smoothing out its cyclicality, and there is still room for increased resistance to cyclical risks and future growth.
The demand side is strongly supported by the upward cycle, with wind and wind signs of heat recovery. Figure 18: Distribution of downstream demand for our fibre-optic products Figure 19: Distribution of downstream demand for global fibre-optic products
As the urbanization process accelerates, investment in transport continues to increase, and the construction of high-iron, urban-orbit transport has triggered a strong demand for fibre-optic composites.
It can be used not only for the construction of tracks, cables, but also for the construction of train doors, head and interior fittings. The capital sector accounts for 40-60% of our investment in high iron, including bridges, railing, station facilities, noise barriers, etc., and 10-15% of the body and parts of the train, all of which are subject to fibre-optic composite materials.
Area. With the planning for the construction of the “eight-and-eight” high-speed railway main route proposed during the 13th Five-Year Plan, as well as the strategy for the construction of the “two- and three-way” urban cluster, it is expected that our investment in rail and urban rail transport will continue to grow rapidly and that the demand for fibre optic composites will continue.
The light quantification of cars has become a trend in the future, and the light quantification of cars opens up a vast market for bobble-combined materials. The light quantification of cars can increase the motority of cars, reduce fuel consumption, reduce exhaust pollution, and reduce the fuel consumption by 6% for every 10% reduction in the weight of cars.
Reducing emissions of pollution is consistent with the general trend towards energy efficiency and environmental protection. In lightly quantified alternatives to automobiles, glass fibre-enhanced plastics (gfrp) have lower density, greater intensity, and are resistant to grinding, heat-resistant, corrosion-resistant, and higher sexual prices, and are suitable for a variety of car accessories such as car bumps, floor floors, air vent panels, etc.
At present, the rate of use of composite materials on whole-car parts is only 8-12%, well below the foreign ratio of 20-30%. In the light of the light quantitative trend in automobiles, it is expected that future fibre-optic enhancement plastics will be used for more car parts, and market demand will remain high.
Figure 22: Light quantitative benefits of automobiles The energy and environmental crisis has intensified, and light quantification of cars has become imperative. As the energy and environmental crisis has accelerated strict government control over energy consumption and emissions in the automobile industry. By 2020, except for the United States,
Requirements for fuel consumption by vehicle in major countries and regions of global production and consumption will be severely limited at levels below 5l/100km, and carbon emissions will be more stringent (country will follow the national vi pcb climate in 2020 and the electronic veil will increase at a very high price).
The pcb industry indirectly pulls the demand for electronic fibre-clothing. The electronic fibre-clothing is a better insulation barrier, applicable to electronic components, which can be made into electronic-grade fibre-clothing. The fibre-clothing is one of the major enhancements to the copper sheet, which accounts for about 29% of the cost of production. The coating is the core building block for the printing of the pcb.
The total sales of copper in 2015 amounted to 530 million square metres, yielding a sales income of 36.34 billion yuan, with a steady increase in sales revenue for the fourth consecutive year, which is expected to continue.pcb is an essential component of most electronics to achieve wiring.
The company plans to invest in manufacturing-line improvements at the current mainstream price of the electronic veil, around $13,000 per ton, at a time of tight supply and demand patterns. The fully-owned company climbs to $357 million, making use of the existing conditions for the production of 10,000 tons of non-alkali fibre-glass electronic veils per year for cold-repair modifications and implementation.
In the context of the improvement in the market for electronic gauze and electronic fabrics, a modified production line produces fibre-optics that meet the needs of the IT industry and other high-tech areas, and will bring new markets to the company’s electronic fibre-optic products.
Wind power is an emerging area for the use of fibre-optic materials, wind as a renewable energy source that has grown rapidly in recent years.
Demand, but as wind leaves become larger, the amount of raw materials consumed will increase, and 18 years will be spent on re-introduction and re-introduction, this year or again, and the foliage will be reheated as foreseen. In the context of the implementation of the State Department ' s Energy Development Strategy Action Plan (2014-2020) on wind power, the price of wind power will be increased.
In order to achieve the goal of affordable access by 2020, the Committee decided to re-orientate, as of 1 January 2018, the policy on on-line tariffs for wind poles on land, with a downward adjustment to 0.4, 0.45, 0.49/kWh in the resource category. The price for other resources was set at 0.57/kWh.
In 2018, the price of grid-connected electricity went down, and this year a new wave of corrosion, in which companies, as industry leaders, will benefit from the development of the industry. The share of thermoplastic composites continues to rise, in line with the green cycle economy.
In terms of composite properties, thermoplastic composites are growing rapidly and are expected to evolve in the future. The benefits of green economic development include various types of thermoplastic composites, including engineering plastics, long-fibre-enhanced thermal plastics, continuous fibre-enhanced thermal plastics composites, etc., in vehicles, home appliances, buildings, etc.
Production has increased steadily, with a growing number of applications. In 2016, 1.96 million tons of thermal plastic composites were produced, representing an increase of 11.39 per cent over the previous year, maintaining double-digit growth for two consecutive years, while non-engineering plastic-based thermal plastic compounding materials were gradually becoming the mainstream; and the development of thermal solid composites, which were environmentally friendly as a whole, product quality and product quality.
In 2016, the production of various thermal solid composites was about 2,658,000 tons, a fall of 5.2 per cent compared to the previous year.
At the end of 2016, the company ' s capacity had reached about 1.3 million tons, an increase of 11.1 per cent compared to the end of 2015, of which 740,000 tons were located in the village, 27 million in Sichuan, 170,000 in Jiangxi and 160,000 in Egypt.
Globalization has accelerated, with overseas sales accounting for around 50%. In 2010, the company began overseas operations, successfully built and officially launched 80,000 tons of fibre-optic production lines in Egypt in 2014, the only one in Africa today.
The economic and technical indicators for the Great Stone Egypt II project, which successfully lit 80,000 tons of fibre-optic production lines in 2016, have been significantly increased on the basis of the first phase of the project. For the purpose of the former Egypt III project, the high-performance fibreglass production line is under construction, with a design capacity of 40,000 tons, and is expected to be installed.
In September 17, a fire was set, when Egypt’s total capacity would reach 200,000 tons, covering the EU, India, Turkey, and its pipeline customers in the Middle East. The rapid development of the Great Stone Egypt was a successful demonstration of corporate global layout, laying a good foundation for further expansion of overseas operations.
In 2016, China ' s Great Stones, a new investment in South Carolina, the United States, began construction of the 80,000-ton annual alkali fibre-glass-crystal line in the first quarter of 2017, with an investment of $300 million, which is expected to be built by the end of 2018.
The United States, as the largest producer of fibreglass, producer and producer, is China’s largest overseas market. The United States project has accelerated the global layout of companies by taking advantage of the wealth of local resources, learning from high-end production technologies, outside the market, and avoiding anti-dumping and countervailing policies.
In March 2017, China's Giant Stones announced a 30% shift to the international strategic investor, Globallexpansion investment initiative (gei).
The company will be involved in financing the 80,000 tonnes of non-alkali fibreglass project. Gei will join the company to raise management and capital capacity in the United States.
The company's strategy of “internationalization, market globalization” will deepen further. Figure 33: Globalization of the Stones
With the rapid development of high-end applications such as aerospace, new energy, wind power, etc., there is a strong demand for high-performance fibre products. In this context, companies have been very autonomous in their research and development to develop higher-performance fibre products.
On the basis of the lead market, the company developed extra-high-model fibreglass fibres to fill the gap in the interstate market for super-high-module fibres. Higher temperatures at soft spots than the e6, e7,e8, avoided the introduction of fluoro-containing feedstocks, met cleaner production requirements, and maintained excellent electrical insulation. e8 glass.
Fibres are more suitable for specific areas such as wind power, high voltage, and high temperature resistance, and are more cost-effective and highly recognized by customers. The upgrading of product structures allows companies to become more competitive in the market, not only raising the Māori rate of the product, but also, to some extent, opening up downstream markets.
Ten thousand tons of fibreglass manufacturing lines, of which the first phase of the project produces 150,000 tons of fibreglass intelligence per year. The project is scheduled to start in the second half of 2017 for an 18-month period.
The smart manufacturing project is able to improve the intelligence of the company, significantly reduce the intensity of manual labour, significantly improve production efficiency, reduce operating costs, and are important for the company to enhance its core competitiveness and perhaps lead the global economy.
China’s giant stones and Chinese technology are under the same banner of Chinese construction materials, which combines operations such as fibre optics and leaves, and the consolidation of related assets will be implemented gradually as China’s building materials are consolidated.
At the same time, as a global trade commodity, with extensive applications in construction, automobiles, and electronics, we believe that, in the larger context of the process, the process of global expansion is likely to accelerate and benefit fully from the strategy.
With the expansion of downstream applications and the release of company capacity, companies will benefit fully from the dividends of the industry landscape, which we believe will grow steadily in the future, and will continue to consolidate the vanguard position. As a result of macroeconomic influence, the landscape of the bovine industry will decline.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows:
After the average calculation, the final rating is obtained as an average market investment The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the enterprise's fundamentals and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry in which it is located.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.