The start-up business is moving forward, and the chip business is continuing to innovate - a study on the dynamics of Nathda (002180.sz) has led to a steady growth in performance and a steady increase in the delivery of integrated operations.
Rency@cfsc.com.cn realized operating income of $5.927 billion in the first quarter of 2025, down by the same amount.
Slided down by 3.34 per cent and 4.85 per cent, respectively, mainly due to a 27.11 per cent decline in the volume of international printer sales on a year-on-year basis, as a result of the pace of procurement in individual overseas municipalities, and further developments in the area of research and development, branding and offline service lines
Increased inputs resulted in a 21.45 per cent increase in costs and an 19.72 per cent decrease in revenues for the Integrated Circuit Operations Camp, but an output of 125 million chips from the total polar microchip, an increase of 9.38 per cent, and a 38.22 per cent increase in non-consumptive chip sales.
The entire industry chain of layout printers, where the market share is increasing, is ranked fourth in the global market share of the company's printer operations.
The industry, with the LCL laser printer in the global market for high- and middle-end laser printers, is the leading industry in terms of occupancy. Common printing, common printing, chip operations, printer master chip operations are all in a global industry.
Chu. On the IT market, as the industry’s innovation progresses, Bentuan’s breakthroughs in key sectors such as finance have kept the market in the lead. In 2024, the Bentou market grew by 50% on a year-on-year basis, and the product structure gained.
To a significant improvement. The map actively expands overseas markets such as the “one way” of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, the “ASEAN” and the “Brick countries”, accelerating the deployment of European markets and, while ensuring stability in the core markets, making greater strides in other markets abroad.
Breaking up, providing users with secure, high-quality print solutions that are accurate enough to meet user needs and making better progress. Currently, the map has been sold to more than 110 countries and territories abroad, accounting for nearly 50% of the total volume.
In the area of auto electrons, the polar ocean micro has launched its first smooth-volume ultrasound and signal processor, gurco1, g32a1445.
The company's car chip product has reached its project point at the mainstream car plant, both inside and outside the country, and has begun to move in bulk.
In addition, the company's car chip product is in control, sensors, power & simulation & drive, and three track long line layouts, all of which have been set up in mainstream domestic and international car plants, and has begun to move into bulk traffic, marking the company's research and development skills.
In the area of industrial electronics, polar micro has launched a global first-ever dual-nuclear structure based on the armocortex-m52 processor and a high-performance g32r5 series of helium borderai technology in real time.
Controls dsp chips for high performance real-time control and borderai integration applications, and allows for import to multiple industry head clients. Newly rolled-out multi-power chips like ghd3440, ghd3440r, and with multi-mcu, dsp master cores
The film forms a rich matrix of products for industrial applications. At the same time, a comprehensive microchip layout of human applications, including joint controllers and smart hands, controls dsp chips, smart encoder chips, brain computing chips, battery tubes.
The master control chip, visual radar sensor chip, and the proof-of-the-art sensor chip, etc., have already achieved bulk delivery in the front section, and we see a steady increase in the market share of the company's printer operations and integrated circuit operations.
The profile is expected to generate new growth in the future. The company’s revenue forecast for 2025-2027 is lower than expected, the chip business is less advanced than expected, overseas customers expand less than expected, and the international situation is worsening.
Presentation by the M.A. in Economics, Chinese Teacher Training University of Huadong, 6 years of experience in the securities industry, November 2021, Conanhua Zhou Wenlong, Master of Finance, University of Monash, Australia
Toyomei: Graduated from Shanghai Transport University and joined the team in October 2023.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.