Incidents: Nasda published its annual report for 2024, with 26,415 million won by the company in 2024, an increase of 9.78 per cent in the same year, 749 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 112.11 per cent in the same year and deductions in the same year.
Ponxim: The sales revenue has improved significantly, and the market share has increased further. In 2024, the company ran a printing machine: (i) a map electronic: the map achieved $4.658 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
For the third year in a row, the Māori rate rose steadily, with a net profit of $615 million, an increase of 10.87 per cent. In 2024, the overall sales of Mercedes printers increased by 11.21 per cent over the same year, while the sales of a3 printers increased by 131.44 per cent over the same year.
Breaking through, market ownership has always been a leader, with the same 50% increase in the volume of Bento’s market in 2024. Domestic markets: Bentos pioneered the introduction of smart network sharing, ai voice printing, teleprinting, etc., with a 5% increase in the reverse trend in domestic commercial markets in 2024.
Markets: Map overseas printer sales grew by 6 per cent in 2024, actively expanding the overseas market, and currently the map has been sold to more than 110 countries and territories abroad, accounting for nearly 50 per cent of the total volume of the map. (2) LIA: LIA achieved revenue of $2,243 million in 2024, an increase from the previous year
7.98 per cent; sales of LCL printers increased by 31.13 per cent on a year-on-year basis, interest tax depreciation and pre-amortization profits
44.17%. Companies have made breakthroughs in high-value products and high-end channels in the country, and industry customers have doubled their growth. For chip products: polar microscopics have launched ultrasound sensors and signal processors of the Gourc01, g32a1445 series with the country’s first smooth-volume product in the electronics sector.
In addition, in the area of industrial electronics, the company has launched a global first based on a dual-nuclear structure and the helium edge of an armocorpex-m52 processor.
G32r5 series of high-performance real-time control dsp chips and in multiple industry headlines
In 2024, the company achieved a net operating cash flow of 2,733 million yuan, a decrease of 4.72 per cent compared with the Golden House No. 127, Chen Wumenxi Street, in the West Side of Beijing.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Benevolent Industry Letters are expected to bring a significant increase; Company ' s new national production of fully autonomous printers a3 is expected to increase further overall market share; non-printed chips are available in all markets such as automobiles, industry, etc., where generic consumption is expected to be achieved in the future with high quality and cost advantages
The components of \triangleright are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.