We've got an E.R.E.R.E.C. 300316, we've got an E.R.E.C., we've got an E.T.L.D., we've got an E.R.C., we've got an E.T.A., we've got an E.R.C., we've got an E.R.A., we've got an E.R.C., we've got an E.T.A., we've got an E.R.R.A., and we've got an E.T.C., and we've got an E.T.R.
On March 13, the company issued an announcement to sign a contract with the China-China-China-China-Cooped Company for the sum of 2,079 million yuan (including taxes) for the sale of crystal-growing equipment to the China-Coopers, and the company's photovoltaic industry received a further large order.
The company maintains a multi-year business cooperation with the Central Ring shares, establishing a strategic relationship for co-development, the market value of the circulation (million yuan): with the Central Ring Photovoltaic as a Central Ring Holdings subsidiary, the company went to the Central Environment Association, China, China, China, China, from 2018 to 2020.
The sales of the Circumpolar Volcano amount to 6,02, 14.18 and 1,365 million yuan, representing 66.85 per cent of the company’s operating income in 2019, respectively, giving a good indication of the competitive position of the company’s crystal growth and processing equipment market.
The photovoltaic silicon silicon expansion project continues to land, actual progress or over-expected, and according to our incomplete statistics, the country ' s photovoltile single-crysilica capacity is expected to be expected in the three years 2020-2022.
With the central ring share “Six Project” ready for launch, about 12 billion yuan is invested to plan for more than 50gw single crystal silicon capacity. The high-vision solar energy invests 17 billion yuan in the construction of 50gw large silicon tablets, of which 1 issue of 15gw has been started and a long-term agreement has been signed with a sub-contractor.
The purchase of 15.25 million tons of polycrystal silicon, measured at $14.97 billion (excluding taxes). In conjunction with the current photovoltaic performance in 2020 of the State dollar securities company "Assessment-Crystal Power" (300316) The expansion of silicon enterprises, we believe that real progress has been made or exceeded expectations, releasing large amounts of photovoltaics into the market.
Prospective: Beneficiary silicon expansion cycle, over-expected growth in performance, 2021.01.26.
According to information released by the company, on March 11, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Zhejiang Jinghong, signed an online contract with Plummet, Japan, to establish Shao Heng Plummet Vacuum Parts, Inc., and to build semiconductor cores.
In the last 30 years, Pramette has been a leading manufacturer of pipe parts for gas systems, and it is expected to contribute to technological upgrading, product research and development and market expansion by working with companies to fill critical valve gaps in semiconductors in the country and achieve national production.
In view of the company's position in the industrial chain and the high growth of semiconductor operations, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.