Downstream silicon expansion wave, long crystal equipment, crystals power (300316.sz) and big orders to the dragon head.
On March 13, 2021, the company issued an announcement that it had recently signed a photovoltaic equipment order with the China-China Society for Environment and Light Volcano, for a total amount of 2,079 million yuan.
2.7 billion light-voltage devices signed by X-rays and X-rays for X-rays of X-rays of X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of which X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays, X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, X-rays, X-rays, X-rays, X-rays of X-rays, X-rays, X-ray, X-rays, X-rays, X-S, X-rays, X-rays, X-ray of X-S, X-rays, X-rays, X-rays of X-rays of X-rays.
The year’s operational cooperation, China Ring, is the leading global firm in photovoltaic monosilica, large, well-funded, and well-performing. The equipment contract was signed, reflecting the market competitiveness and technological sophistication of public crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment.
The silicon plant taps have long benefited from the downstream expansion wave, which is our crystal-growing plant, especially in the light-voltage area, and remains an advantage for the country’s additional production capacity at large silicon plants.
As of September 30, 2020, companies had failed to complete their orders totalling $5.9 billion, keeping the market share of the new orders first. According to the state energy agency,
According to statistics, we have 48.2gw light-voltage installed in 2020, which is far beyond market expectations. Cpia also estimates that the 14th-year global photo-voltage load is expected to reach 222-287gw, 73-123% higher than the 13th-year mark. The photovoltaic industry continues to grow well, with single crystalline silicon-sized technology accelerating.
In the future, market demand is expected to grow significantly, and domestic silicon producers are expected to invest more in the expansion of their production, leading to a larger demand for equipment. The company is the backbone of silicon equipment, completing the transition from a single transistor to a transistor of chip equipment, and the order performance is expected to continue to improve.
The semiconductor business is going well, and the company is now forming 8 inches of silicon, with all the crystal growth, slices, polishing, extended processing equipment covered, and the product entering in bulk.
Household line, accelerated nationalization: the company has become a scarce domestic semiconductor with 12 inches (300316.sz): a high rate of growth in light-voltaic expansion, with a semi-class single-crystal production capacity that has achieved a small volume of delivery, plus 12 inches
In the third generation of semiconductors, companies have developed sic long-crystals and extension equipment, of which sic long-crystals have been made available to customers.
The company’s semiconductor silicon silica polish, semiconductor tiles, magnetic fluids, and other important semiconductor parts and consumables have been certified by its customers and have further enhanced the company’s ability to integrate among its domestic semiconductor material customers.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration is past.
The Shanghai Transport University, a Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to carry out research in the mechanical industry, covering the lithium electricity/PV industry.