Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
q4 performances are up, sic, sapphire is up, profit levels are up, orders are up, orders are up.
By the end of 2020 q3 on hand orders of $5.9 billion a year-on-year increase of 131 per cent, profiting from PV competitive expansion, companies in the field of PV maintained the first share of the market for new orders. As of 30 September 2020, the company had a 41.2 million PV contract and expected semiconductor.
Uncompleted crystal growth and intelligent processing equipment contracts totalling $5.9 billion, with a significant increase in hand orders on a year-on-year basis
So far, silicon producers have announced an expansion plan of more than 184gw. The company has a deep partnership with the leading photo-voltaic companies in the country, with crystal energy, with crystallized technology, on-board control, and with Attus, among others.
Carbon neutrals and targets suggest folding, coupled with the demonstration effects of machine-controlled switching from equipment dealers to silicon suppliers, with many new players entering the photovoltaic industry becoming corporate customers, with 21-year orders expected.  National production of semiconductor equipment is accelerating, sic long-crystal furnaces are being delivered to customers, and sapphires are working hand-in-hand.
Technology cuts into consumer electronics. Semiconductor: Large silicon domestic expansion accelerates, companies have formed 8 inches of silicon crystal growth, slices, polishes, extended processing equipment cover, products are bulked into client lines and national production accelerates.
Landfall: 12-inch silicone crystal growth furnaces, small bulk delivery, 12-inch processing equipment development and industry 2) sic costs are gradually decreasing, and are expected to grow rapidly, driven by new energy engineering and photovoltaic reverse transformers. Currently, the country has about 160,000 sics per year, with producers planning to expand production over the next two years.
1 million units. The company ' s sic growth equipment technology is leading, and a third generation of semiconductor material sic long-crystal, extended equipment has been developed, of which the sic long-crystal furnace has been delivered to the client and the extended equipment technology has been completed (8621) 61357595
In the area of sapphire materials, the company worked strategically with the world's leading consumer electronic window protection production champions, Lancet technology, and a joint venture was formed in Ningxia to build a sapphire material manufacturing base to pre-position sapphire materials for use on a scale in consumer electronic applications.
The silicon silicon silica was significantly over-expected, with semiconductor equipment and sapphire being phased in, up by 13/25 per cent of the mother ' s net profit in 2021/22, corresponding to 63/42/31 times. The production of the silicon silica downstream of the company in 2021 was less than expected, and the domesticization of semiconductor equipment was less advanced than expected.