2.8 billion light-voltage devices with the Central Ring, 210 silicon silicon silicon, which became the mainstream long-winding cycle on March 14th, 2021.
Incidents: announcement of crystals engine power, contract between the company and the China-China Association for the purchase of a fully automated crystal growth furnace, contract for a single crystalline silicon-worker processing equipment, contract for the purchase of a wire cutter with a central ring luminous
The contract amounts to 2,079 million yuan (including taxes). 2.08 billion gross light-voltage orders landed and short-term performance growth guaranteed.
(Complete delivery by 31 May 2021), single crystal silicon bar processing equipment of $194 million (delivered by 30 June 2021) and sale of wire cut equipment to Central Circulation of $267 million (delivered by 30 September 2021). Based on our grass roots research, the company line cutting equipment is now exclusive.
The amount of the above-mentioned contract amounts to $2,079 million (the above contract amounts include value added tax), which amounts to $5.9 billion (including taxes) at the end of 2020q3, of which $410 million (including taxes) is for semiconductor equipment.
It is estimated at $7.5 billion, semiconductor orders at $410 million, with a total hand orders of about $8 billion. Since the company’s main photovoltaic order production cycle is three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery is three to five months, and the current order confirms the progress, we judge the performance of crystals power over the next year.
In 2019, as a result of the industry's consensus on large silicons, there will be more than 10,000 single crystals in the stock market over the next three to five years.
Crystal furnaces need to be phased out, with an average annual domestic inventory of upscaling silicon production capacity of over 50 gw, corresponding to a stock demand of over 10 billion 200 million yuan/gw in 2020-2022.
In the light-voltage industry, the size of the equipment operator will be as important as the level of technology. Of the large silicon cost, the depreciation of the equipment is no longer the first, and the silicon manufacturer values the equipment vendor's ability to be more efficient.
In 21 years, the technologists met Davies double-hatting, counting six days a week, four weeks a month, with about 500 single-month deliveries. So far, Jing Shing is the only equipment company in the country that can deliver more than 500 long-crystals in a single month, and delivery capacity is still improving.
2- Crystal Power (300316): Photovoltaic space; 2) service capability, short time taken to operate and climb production on arrival of crystallization equipment, high profitability of equipment, impact next year
And it can stabilize production; 3) future R & D potential, with sustained R & D capabilities that can continuously raise high equipment capacity and reduce energy consumption, will benefit significantly. Blueshow sapphire, which provides demand creation.
The contract concluded included the sale of 1,618 million yuan (completed by 31 May 2021) of the full automated crystal growth furnace to the Central Environmental Association, and 194 million yuan (completed by 30 June 2021) of monocrystal silicon processing equipment: and
The amount of the above-mentioned contract amounts to $2,079 million (the sum of the above-mentioned contract amounts, apart from the gloss furnaces, there are a lot of technical details for the various stages of the smooth crystal chain.
It is a matter of concern that the 210-sized "line cutter" is the initial batch order, because the cutter involves precision processing and the difficulty factor is high. The value of the wire cutter is 1:7, the market.
Space is less than a single-crystal furnace, but it's the core equipment for the value of a single-crystal furnace, and this time the purchase order reflects the extension of the crystals engine technology in the field of photovoltaics.
Each month, the period of receipt and inspection after delivery is uncertain for three to five months, and at the current order confirmation of progress, we judge that the performance of crystals will increase at a high rate in the coming year. (Remark: Early in 2017 to date, new large orders for crystals electrical bulletins have totalled $11,699 million, of which the central ring is to be added.)
On 1st of the month, the central ring will add 50gw large silicon silicon production capacity.
The industry has reached a consensus on large silicon tablets, over 10,000 monocrystal long-crystal furnaces need to be phased out in the stock market over the next three to five years, and the average annual inventory update of silicon production is over 50 gw, corresponding to a demand for more than 10 billion 200 million silicons in 2020-2022, 210 or 18 x large silicon silicon silicon technology routes will continue to stretch the silicon expansionary cycle.
Clearly, representing the future direction, the capacity of large silicons is still scarce, so we believe that silicons are not excess and that this high-profile and medium-ring large-scale expansion of silicone is once again evidence of accelerated penetration of large silicons. While the intergenerational differences in equipment are completely eliminated, the trend of 18 x 210 silicons will significantly boost the need for new equipment in silicone plants.
3. The advantage of strategizing is that crystal-spill power will fully benefit from large silicon expansion. The future of the photovoltaic industry will be as important as the size and technical level of the equipment provider. Of the silicon cost, the depreciation of the equipment is no longer the first, and silicon manufacturers value the equipment vendor’s ability for complementary efficiency, including: 1) delivery capacity.
Power, according to our calculations, the neutral assumption is that there will be up to 21 crystallizers per day, or around 500 per month for six days per week, or four weeks per month. Crystal is the only single-month facility in the country that can be delivered to long-crystal furnaces, and there is still room for improvement in delivery capacity; and 2) service capacity, which will be invested when the crystallization equipment arrives.
Operations and productivity climbs take a short time and can stabilize production; 3) future R & D potential, with a sustained R & D capability that can continuously improve equipment production and reduce energy consumption, will benefit significantly. With a stronger product power, crystallizer power has accumulated better customer resources, and many industry-leading firms have built up.
The main suppliers of single-crystal furnaces in the country today include crystal-singer power, Tianlong light power, fine technology, Kyoto Express, connectivity, and North China. Even city numbers are linked to Lungi, working with Lungi deep in monocrystal operations. With the exception of Lungi, the crystal-crystal power account for 90% of the market demand.
The overall market, with about 70-80%, is the main supplier in the industry and will benefit fully from a wave of silicon expansion. 4. Semiconductor silicon silicon is in short supply, leading equipment plants are expected to benefit from an outbreak of downstream demand, national production cannot be replaced without delay, and indigenous silicon enterprises still have opportunities to develop in the context of high concentration of industry.
The process is based on 12 inches of silicon, which is driven by cost factors and is expected to continue to be the dominant species of semiconductor silicon in the next few years. The 12 inches of silicon are currently available only under the flag of the silicon industry in Shanghai with a small supply capacity for new and central ring shares (one hundred and fifty thousand in each month and twenty thousand in the middle).
In our view, in order to reduce the risk of supply of silicon and the risk of rising costs in times of tight supply and demand for silicon in the context of head concentration, the plant will be more motivated to choose to co-operate with a diversified supplier and therefore still have a domestic supplier of silicon in the face of a larger import-substitution trend.
Japan’s semiconductor association has a clear restriction on the export of Japanese high-equipment equipment to China, and semiconductor large silicon equipment is in dire need of national production. The transistor power has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment in the semiconductor monocrystal field, with a full 8-inch line of 80%.
And more than 50% of the equipment supply capacity of 12 inches of single-crystal furnaces, polishers, etc., and close cooperation with the major silicon mills in the country, such as the Central Ring, Research, Jin Ruy-chung, and Jung-chung-chung, which benefit most from the wave of national production. 2) Single-crystal furnaces are technologically superior. The core difficulty of single-crystal furnaces is the superconductor magnetic field, which is now fully controlled by Japanese firms, while the crystals are powered by the crystals.
Cooperation with the Japanese suppliers is good. The 8-inch silicon tablets produced with company equipment are now close to positive, and crystals and power are in a state of clairvoyant leadership within the industry. 3) The orders are good. The company is bound to the center of the silicon.
From equipment to materials, the sapphire business is expected to build a new crystallization in the long run, with a total registered capital of $500 million and a 51 per cent share in the crystallization machine, a joint venture with LanthysTech (49 per cent shareholding) to develop and process sapphire manufacturing and processing electronic materials.
In May 2021, the equipment will enter the plant. Blues is the home-grown glass tap, reference to the collaboration between Crystal and Central Rings (with the co-financing to lead without tin), and Lance's sapphire series of products will secure long-term orders for crystallizer electric sapphire materials, while crystals will collaborate in technology development and long-term sustainable expansion with the resources of Lancet technology.
Continued investment in the Sapphire Project will increase production capacity, the future share of Sapphire operations in revenue collection is expected to increase significantly, and crystal growth techniques are breaking down, with significant cost advantages. In December 20, the crystal-spiriting 700 kg class of super-sized Blue Treasure, the crystallized furnace, is expected to continue to reduce the price of the sapphire.
To cellular panels. But the pattern of industrial development is that large-scale bulk applications only occur when costs and prices fall to some critical point. We judge that, as prices continue to fall and processes continue to rise, applications such as hand and machine panels are expected to be released in three years, and market space is expected to create a new crystal.
6.Sic has a great potential for growth, and we judge that the future of crystals is expected to extend to the end of the material.
Initially, the sic material is in the downstream customer validation stage, and the market space is open, but there is a greater potential for growth in the future. From the difficult and costly manufacturing process at the bottom of the sic line, knowhow, which grows at the end of the device + process, is much more available at the test end (the equipment is not difficult but the process is very difficult) and is currently 6 inches immature in the country.
So, in the short term, the profit model for the crystalsec business has not yet been determined, and we think it is possible to look at the sapphire business development model (the sapphire furnace space is small; but the sapphire crystal market is large), the profit model for the sic business is likely to extend to the material end in the future.
Profit forecasting and investment rating The downstream expansion of production is slower than expected and semiconductor operations are less advanced than expected.