Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation researched subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank (300316ch)
We're optimistic about the growth prospects of the company for the fiscal years 2021 to 2022, because the large silicon is rising.
In addition, we believe that progress in semiconductor equipment may be evaporated by rapid expansion of the market share, with a growing number of new participants entering the photovoltaic silicon chip manufacturing industry and stimulating strong demand for crystal growth furnaces.
The rapid spread of large-scale silicon tablets has led to a stronger demand for equipment. The strong demand for large silicon tablets downstream of the photovoltaic industry and its premium rate have accelerated the expansion of the production capacity of silicon producers.
In addition, we estimate that more than a third of the transistors that exist are not able to upgrade to produce large-scale silicons, which means that the market will be replaced in the coming years.
• With the growth of the middle ring and new players, the crystals are expected to consolidate and raise market shares. With the firm’s strong technological power on the crystal grower, the firm is expected to expand its market share by winning orders from new players in the silicon manufacturing industry, including on-board control (603185ch, no rating), and Tungwig.
On February 8, Krysing announced that it would seek 50 million yuan in semiconductor replenishment from its wholly-owned subsidiaries to enhance the competitiveness of its semiconductor equipment production.
By the end of the third quarter of 2020, corporate semiconductor equipment orders amounted to RMB 410 million, or 7 per cent of the total outstanding orders.
Because the value of semiconductor equipment dealers (>100 times the projected market rate for 2021) is much higher than the valuation of solar energy equipment operators (<50 times the projected market rate for 2021), we believe that progress in company semiconductor equipment operations will be expected to increase its valuation.
RMB) corresponds to a net profit of RMB 353 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, a significant increase of 113% over the same period. We believe that the company’s over-expected performance is either due to a recovery in the Māori rate or recognition of income growth.