Photovoltaic expansion leads to high performance growth, semiconductor crystals (300316.sz) body + sapphire injects new growth dynamics
The event company issued a performance forecast for 2020, with a projected net return profit of $797 million; sustained high growth in performance, o4 seasons slightly higher than expected in the near future; and announced a company performance forecast for 2020: benefiting from a sustained increase in the volume of orders for photovoltaic equipment, the company ' s performance continued to increase rapidly in 2020
Silicon plant taps long-term benefits from the downstream expansion wave company, which is our crystal-growing facility, and which, especially in the field of photovoltaics, continues to be an advantage provider of new production capacity for large domestic silicon mills, with clients covering almost all silicon mills except Lungi.
The company’s new purchase orders for photovoltaic equipment, which exceed $4.5 billion, have grown significantly over the same period last year, maintaining its first share of the new and updated market. The company maintains a deep partnership with its large and well-known companies, such as China Ring, Crystal, Energy, Crystal and Australasia, Onboard Control, Attaires, etc.
According to the latest data from the National Energy Agency, we are expected to have 48.2gw light-voltage installed in 2020, far from the supermarket. According to cpia, 1450 global photo-voltage machines are expected to accelerate with single crystalline silicon-sized technologies, and market demand is expected to increase significantly, with domestic silicon chips.
The company is the backbone of the silicone device, completing the transition from a single crystal manufacturer to a transistor equipment supplier, performing on orders, operating on a semiconductor, which is now eight inches of silicon in anticipation.
Crystal growth, slices, polishing, extended processing equipment are fully covered, products have entered in bulk into the household line and national production has accelerated; companies have become the scarce domestic suppliers of 12-inch semiconductor-grade single-crystal capacity and have made small deliveries, plus 12 inches.
In the third generation of semiconductors, sic has significant advantages, such as low capacity, high pressure, heat dispersion, and small size, and is expected to gradually replace silicon-based power units. The company has developed sic long-crystals, extension equipment, and sic long-crystals are already in place.
The company's semiconductor silicon polishing fluids, semiconductors, magnetic fluids, essential semiconductor parts, consumables, etc. have been acquired for customer certification applications, further upgrading the company's customers of semiconductor materials in the country.
In the field of sapphire materials, the company has the leading international technology for the growth of super-sized sapphire crystals and has built up a long-range system.
The production capacity of cutting-and-cutting links, working with the world's leading consumer electronic window protection production dragons, has created a joint venture to build a sapphire material manufacturing base and pre-position the sapphire material on a scale in consumer electronic applications.
The company has a significant advantage in valuation. The company is the leader of our crystal growth equipment, especially in the photovoltaic field, and its clients cover almost all silicon millers except the base, while expanding to semiconductor equipment and sapphire materials, with companies having a greater potential for long-term growth. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
I undertake to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Doctorate in Mechanical Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, three years of experience in technical research and development and management of operations of large State-owned military-industrial enterprises, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.