An annual performance forecast for 2020 has recently been released and is expected to achieve a net return profit by 2020.
The industry is growing well, the industry is growing well in 2020, the market demand for single crystal silicon is growing dramatically, and the country's silicon is growing.
Increased investment by producers has benefited from the continued growth in the volume of optical equipment orders and the rapid growth of companies’ performance. According to photosynthesis, eight companies, namely Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal and Crystal Australia, were able to produce single crystal silicone in 2021, with an estimated market size of about 12 billion yuan.
By the end of the third quarter of 2020, the company’s unfinished photovoltaic equipment had been ordered at approximately $5.5 billion, with the domestic silicon plant continuing.
The growth of the company's photovoltaic equipment is wide. Semiconductor equipment, sic equipment have great potential for growth, and a combination of blues and electronics in the blues are used to consume it.
In the field of semiconductor equipment, the company now has 8 inches of silicone crystal growth, slices, polish, exterior processing equipment covered, products are bulked into the client line, and national production is accelerating.
The development and industrialization of 12-inch silicone processing equipment is also accelerating. The company’s semiconductor silicon silica polish, semiconductor silicate, magnetic fluids, etc. are important semiconductor parts and consumables have been certified by the client, and further upgrades have been made.
In the third generation of semiconductor materials, the company has developed a third generation of semiconductor materials sic long-crystal, extended equipment in which the sic long-crystal has been delivered to the client and the extended equipment has been technically tested.
In the future, as technology matures and costs decrease, the third generation semiconductor industry grows in space, with vast, corporate-sic equipment with great potential for growth. In the field of sapphire materials, the company, in collaboration with Lancet, has established a joint venture in Ningxia.
The construction of a sapphire material manufacturing base for sapphire materials in the consumer electronic application area should be on a pre-arranged basis and the joint venture had started construction by the end of 2020.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We expect companies to return to their net profits in 2020, 2021 and 2022 Risk factors: less control of the epidemic, less production in the photovoltaic and semiconductor sectors, more risk than expected, more competitive industry, less certification of new company products than expected.