The Grystal Power (300316) company review report, 26st of 2021, benefited silicon silicon expansion cycle, with over-expected growth in performance.
A performance forecast for Transistor Power 2020, which benefited from increased production in the photovoltaic industry and higher-than-expected growth in corporate performance, market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
Billion dollars, up from 64% to 160% of the year. In 2020, companies benefited from continued positive developments in the photovoltaic industry, a significant increase in the demand for single crystal silicone, an increase in domestic silicon producers ' investment in expansion, and a sustained growth in corporate performance as a result of company photovoltaic equipment orders. By the first three quarters of 2020, companies continued to grow rapidly.
The industry received 4.5 billion yuan in orders, reaching $5.59 billion in hand orders, and according to our calculations, the company is expected to purchase more than 20 billion yuan in potential photovoltaic equipment orders between 2020 and 2022. Semiconductor and sapphire operations are advancing steadily, and semiconductor operations have great potential for growth.
During the reporting period, companies further increased their efforts to develop semiconductor equipment, new products for complementary materials and market openings, continued to strengthen technological research and development, cost control and market expansion in the field of sapphire materials, and steadily advanced company semiconductor and sapphire operations.
The future demand for carbon silicon is high, and it is expected to generate a strong growth in the company.
The third generation of semiconductor materials with excellent silicon carbonic properties, with a strong demand in areas such as new energy vehicles, Roma, swath extension, equipment ahead of schedule 2020.12.10.
The production capacity of silicon carbonated in fiscal year will increase by more than five times compared to 2019, and the market for silicon carbonated devices is expected to rise from $500 million in 2019 to over $2.5 billion in 2025, with $81 billion per 10,000 carbide per month, according to our calculations.
In case of demand, based on corporate disclosures, the company has developed third-generation semiconductor material sic long crystal furnaces and extended equipment, of which the sic long crystal furnaces have been delivered to the client, and the extended equipment completes the technical tests in Pin.
Given the company’s position in the industrial chain and the high growth of semiconductor operations, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
The epidemic has caused the global photovoltaic load to fall short of expectations, the downstream demand for semiconductors has fallen short of expectations, and the photovolcose silicon silicon has expanded. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally to produce the present report independently and objectively. I have committed myself to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.