The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) performed beyond expectations, and the high profit level reaffirmed that the company would earn 2,498 million yuan in q1 in 2020, +15.5 per cent of the year, and that the net profit to the mother would be $277 million.
In terms of profitability, the q1 Māori rate and net interest rate levels reached 25.6% and 11.1%, respectively. Companies with the impact of the epidemic are still growing high and performing above expectations.
In addition to the high growth in profitability, the company ' s q1 operating cash flow has also grown significantly by 494.9 per cent, and we believe that the driving cash flow is significant.
The main reason for this increase was a higher share of high-profit orders, based on: 1) based on the current schedule, there are two possibilities for the company to have such a situation, the first being a significant improvement in the profitability of the products sold by the company, and the second being an increase in the company ' s ability to repay and delay payments, taking into account the apparent length of the company ' s q1 cash cycle.
3. " Performance meets expectations and new production is responsive to multiple demands " , judging that the increase in cash is mainly due to increased profitability of products; 2) based on research, the company ' s 5g-related release - the Deep South Annual Telegraph forecast.
The share of orders increased significantly over the first quarter, and although the unit price and profit margin of the 5g order were collected on a large scale, 4. " The gross increase in the gross increase in the gross increase in the gross price ratio logic " , it was better than the profit margin of the non-5g order, so the 5g related order took over.
Q1 is on the way to the Third Quarterly Review of the Deep South Circuit, which will lead to higher corporate profitability and eventually better cash flow. Overall, q1 is set to be profitable.
The high performance of q1 as a telecommunications pcb tap supplier again confirms the high profile of the plate, given the operator base/carry/core acceleration (medium-movement of 235 g base station + 150,000 endspn bid completed, connection power provided)
The letter anticipates the completion of a total of 255 g base station in the first three quarters, an outbreak of server demand (19q4 server, same volume and ring balance, cloud computing capex upgrade, demand on the outbreak ignition line), Xin Xin Xin Xin
We believe that the 5g/idc heat will run through the year and that pcb will continue to benefit as an important material. Given that all of the company’s plants have been fully re-established and the crop rate is high, and the new production capacity of South Chinaton II is on schedule.
It's going well for the new product to be imported into the customer, and we predict that the company's net profit for 20-22 years will be Liu Yeon Shei Liuyanxue@gjzq.com.cn
The output of equipment in the communications category is below expectations; the share of companies in the market is below expectations; the relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as average market investment.