Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronics, new capital speed, communications pcb dragons sailing, southwest securities research and development centre
• New capital has been added again, with high growth in communications pcb. The income from printing circuit boards increased significantly, by $7.73 billion, or 43.6 per cent, from the same year-to-year increase of 43.6 per cent, and from the Māori rate of 28 per cent. The two-fold rise in revenue is mainly due to the ability of companies to climb the slopes through the south, the construction of 5g to stimulate demand for base stations and servers has increased strongly, with higher-end communications board revenues rising.
The exponential growth of data flows and high-speed features are central drivers of high-end communications pcb viewing. The meeting of the Political Bureau has repeatedly referred to the acceleration of technological infrastructure such as 5g, the data centre, the high-frequency high-speed pcb, which is the core beneficiary of the new infrastructure on the wheel, the high-end communication board barriers to entry, and the deep south as the absolute communications board.
The plate business is expanding actively, and the national production replacement space is huge: $1.16 billion, an increase of 22.9% from the same year, while the Māori rate is 26.3%, a decline in the same year, mainly due to the production of the tin-free slabs on the slopes and the production of the new plant.
The company has a clear competitive advantage in the area of chip envelopes, with mems-mic accounting for more than 30% of the market in Samsung and Apples; there is still room for double growth in the forward capacity of tinless plants. From the storage price cycle, the robust lifting of servers and the shutdown of overseas plants drive up the price of storage.
In the case of Samsung and Kingston, it is hoped that the supply system will supply the Yangtze River storage and combing in bulk in the future. Sino-American trade has driven a large number of in-house chip manufacturers to move the supply chain to the home country, with the opportunity for a national plant, Deep South, as the leading domestic plant for the containment of the base plate, which is expected to increase significantly in the future.
The E-Commodity Consortium has developed in synergy with the Communications Board, and the large client strategy has progressed steadily. The E-Commodity has generated $1.21 billion, a similar increase of 30.7 per cent, and a slight increase in the Māori rate of 19.5 per cent, mainly as a result of improved management and increased automation.The company continues to pursue its 3-in-one development strategy and continues to expand competition in the 5g communications board, the enveloped base plate area.
In the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound growth rate of 30.9%.
The end-of-the-board telecommunications board has grown strongly in absolute leadership (2020-01-12) and has maintained a “buy-in” rating over a longer period of time.
The pcb tap is solid (2019-10-30) and the construction of a sustained benefit (2019-08-12) 4. Deep South circuit (002916): performance continues to exceed expectations.
Multi-factor resonance opens up the space for growth (2019-07-12) No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.