q1 performed with high growth, benefiting 5g+Cloud Calculus - 1-quarter report 2020, with billions of yuan, i.e. +48 per cent of the year, 250 million yuan net profit from non-return to the mother, +47 per cent of the year, $360 million cash flow from operating activities,
High performance, rising profitability Māori product share and improved management efficiency; 12.6 per cent, corresponding to -0.25 pt; R & D expenditure of $120 million, + 14 per cent, R & D cost 4.8 per cent, and companies continued to increase 5g by storing chip envelopes
High-end product development. Fixed assets are about $4.87 billion, an increase of 13 per cent from the end of last year. 5g base station orders plus cloud computing high, and short- and medium-term performance high \triangleright
At the end of q1, the two-phase project was launched, the high-end communications and server markets of the two-stage project were located, and the capacity is currently in the climb phase, generating an estimated $1.5 billion in postnatal revenues and a profit of $300 million. The company has established business contacts with 28 customers, including Huai Hong, to benefit from better demand for 5g base-station orders and warmer cloud computing capital costs.
5g plus cloud computing needs. On the basis of a series of production experiences and client base, the release of South Chinaton II capacity is expected. ic cardboard storage market, long-term beneficial storage of national production.
A lot of applications have been made to the module envelopes. The tin-free sheet became operational last June, and the product location storage chip collar field is currently in the climb stage. The storage chip is one of the major generic products of the integrated circuit, and the sealing board is a core component of the package.
With domestic flash and dram-scale production, companies are expected to benefit from storage of domestic production needs 45, 36 and 30 times more. The current market rate (ttm, overall) of the sw-printing circuit board industry is 40 times higher, taking into account that the company is a leading company in the country in the pcb field, maintaining its “recommended” rating based on performance elasticity.
1. Increased industry competition: 2, expansion less than expected: 3, risk of price volatility of raw materials: 4, risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
2. Deep South Circuit (002916) depth report: 5g+Cloud Calculating Core Track High Quality Leader
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.