In the first quarter of 2020, business income was 2,498 million yuan, an increase of 15.47 per cent.
Mother-to-child net profit of $277 million, an increase of 48.19 per cent, net profit of $254 million, without fear of a continuation of the weather in the epidemic industry, and a positive resumption of work in the first quarter of this year, due to the impact of the new crown epidemic, the “reconstruction difficulties” became the cause of the majority of domestic firms.
The impact of traffic disruptions on business start-up rates is evident, especially in manufacturing firms in the wider region, where the workforce is relatively high. While working with local governments to combat the disease, the company works towards a rapid recovery in post-saving capacity utilization:
Recovering to over 50% in mid-February and 90% in mid-March. On the order side, benefiting from the advancement of the new capital in the country, high-end communications board orders are full, on the other hand, the disease-induced medical stock/flow (million shares)
The higher demand for equipment brings to the company an increase in the number of medical-related card orders. The increase in the number of orders in total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and in the rate of resumption of work is an important guarantee of the company’s continued high growth during the first quarter.
South-to-South pilot production, opening up new space for company growth. South-to-North pilot production was completed in the first quarter of this year.
The start-up rate, which was 90 per cent at the beginning of 2019, maintained a high level of crop production throughout the year, moving into a growth path, contributing $1.240 billion in operating income, far above the initial income target of the project.
For example, with the release of 5g base stations, core network construction and orders after the import of the major North American server customers in the third quarter of 2019, South China II was able to climb on a high-speed basis with a high probability of copying and an eventual revenue contribution that was expected to exceed the expected average.
In the mid-movement of the 5g base station collection, the Chinese and the Chinese share of the order was the second highest, and the company, the two core pcb supplier, had been the gold core supplier for seven years, the best partner in the world for eight years, and had recovered from the epidemic.
After the construction of 5g in the country, the production capacity of South Chinaton II is expected to be released quickly and efficiently. The structure of the ic-board downstream is expected to improve, with a clear space for growth. The company's tinless plant's ic-board products are the main positioning class holding board, which is lower than the silicon products of the old line, although at a lower unit price.
But the market space is bigger, and in the years to come, national substitution will be one of the major trends in the chip storage industry, with company-ic board projects taking on almost all 02 specialties for nearly a decade, leading the technonomics, and having been recognized as an alternative to national production in the ic-boarding industry, with customers in storage.
In terms of certification, the company has pre-existing stocks of Shenzhen production, and the end of the epidemic is bound to move forward, such as the successful certification of core storage clients in the country, which will eventually lead to large-scale payments, and the addition of ic-board capacity will contribute significantly to the elastic growth of the company's future performance.
This year was the second year of the global 5g network, and the pcb industry is still in the advanced stages of the cycle, with the company expected to rely mainly on the construction of the 5g base station and the construction of the big data age idc, respectively.
This has had a negative impact on the global manufacturing sector.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.