Deutsche Bank
Markets Research
Rating
Date
Company
Shenzhen Inovance
Buy
Forecast Change
Technology Co., Ltd.
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Industrials
300124.SZ
300124 CH
SHZ
Manufacturing
Thinking bigger, thinking longer
Valuation & Risks
Sky Hong, CFA
An emerging national champion; raising TP
Research Analyst
According to an ancient Chinese proverb, to win a battle, it requires the right time,
right place and right people. In the battle for market share in China's industrial
automation (IA) sector, we believe all these three factors align with Inovance.
Nick Zheng, CFA
In terms of timing, the Chinese government's strong push for manufacturing
Research Analyst
upgrades and promotion of high-end manufacturing should help to sustain robust
IA demand in the next 10 years. On top of it, local players who focus on hardware
equipment will accelerate their market share expansion, given the government's
intention to promote local champions. Along with management's impressive
market insights and distinct "vertical-based" strategy, we believe Inovance is well
placed to top the inverter and servo markets in China by 2025. With sustainable
long-term growth and an industry-leading position, we believe the stock's current
valuation premium is warranted. We raise target price to Rmb34.3.
At the right time
"Made in China 2025" was first unveiled in May 2015, at a time when China's
Price/price relative
manufacturing industry and IA market were struggling. Thanks to a strong top-
down push from the government, China's IA market started to recover in 2H16,
with the recovery positively surprising in recent quarters. We view this round of
IA recovery as structural instead of cyclical, and hence we believe it is highly likely
to persist in the next 10 years. Apart from government support, manufacturers
who are facing poor quality, low efficiency, and labor shortages have also started
Shenzhen Inovance Te
Shenzhen Index (Rebased)
to voluntarily automate their production facilities. This trend has now spread
into traditional verticals such as textile machinery, machine tools and metallurgy,
signaling that current China's automation upgrades have become broad-based.
We expect China's overall IA demand to post a 10% CAGR in 2017-20, while
the general servo and low-voltage inverter markets, Inovance's two focused
segments, to register a CAGR of c.20% and 10%, respectively, over 2016-20 (vs.
+6% and -5% over 2011-16). Over 2021-25, we expect China's general servo and
low-voltage inverter markets to witness a CAGR of 10% and 5%, respectively (vs.
China's overall IA market: 5%).
In the right place
China's current manufacturing upgrades still largely center on hardware
equipment, which has been Inovance's strong suit. In addition, the government's
promotion of localization has been intensifying, which would accelerate local
players to gain market share. Currently, 65% of China's IA market is still
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its res Distributed on: 06/11/2017 19:12:07 GMT
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE PEOPLE 'S
REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF
PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
dominated by foreign players. In some of Inovance's focused markets, the ratio
can be as high as c.90%. Leveraging its deeper understanding of local customers
and improving the price-to-performance ratio of its products, Inovance has
successfully grown into a local leader capable of challenging MNCs' positions
and No.5, respectively, in China. With accelerating import substitution, we expect
Inovance to become the No.2 player in China's low-voltage inverter and No.3 in
the general servo market by 2020. By 2025, Inovance is highly likely to lead both
markets, based on our estimates.
With the right people
Inovance's success, in our view, is probably more driven by its management than
its technology and/or products. A strong evidence to support this is the local
competitors of Inovance, in our view. Several started out with similar business
at a similar time with similar technology but have fallen significantly behind
Inovance after a decade of operations. Driven by management's aggressive
but practical manner, Inovance has successfully penetrated into multiple areas
including inverter, servo and NEV, and quickly built up a leading position.
Inovance recently launched a distinctive "vertical-based" penetration strategy
that is completely different from its local and foreign competitors. Instead of
pushing existing products to customers, the core strategy is to focus on deeply
understanding customers' trued needs and developing customized products.
Through this practice, Inovance can not only penetrate but also quickly dominate
downstream verticals. Air compressor is a good case in point. By coming up with
customized drive solutions (inverter+controller), Inovance has rapidly occupied
more than 2/3 market share of this particular vertical. The most recent successful
cases are textile machinery and metallurgy, and we expect many other verticals
to follow.
The same thing can be said about NEV
Inovance has been a proven leader in the NEV bus drive market and we expect
such success to be repeated in the logistics and passenger NEV. Growth for
logistics NEV drive this year has been ahead of market expectation and we expect
such to continue to surprise the market on the upside. By 2020, we expect
Inovance to take a 60% share in China's logistics NEV drive market, bringing
in Rmb1bn in revenue (or 36% of the total NEV segment) and surpassing NEV
bus revenue. Meanwhile, its passenger NEV drive business is also progressing
tier-1 automaker(s) by year-end. Over the longer term, we believe having a strong
electronics platform (through its IA business) will give Inovance significant cost
advantage over its peers (e.g. lower sourcing pricing for IGBT due to larger
volume), which will further facilitate its market share expansion.
Fine-tuning earnings and raising target price; maintaining Buy
We trim our earnings estimates by 3-4% for 2017-19E, mainly reflecting our
more conservative assumptions on margins due to the company's heavy R&D
investment in the passenger NEV drive business. Still, our 2018-19E earnings are
5-10% higher than consensus forecasts. We see upside potential in our current
estimates as we have not factored in meaningful robots sales in coming years.
As we turn more bullish on Inovance's long-term growth prospects, we lift our
target price by 14% to Rmb34.3, after raising our long-term growth assumptions
and rolling forward our valuation timeframe to 2018. We maintain Buy.
High IA growth to sustain
The right time: China's manufacturing upgrades are
accelerating
"Made in China 2025" was first unveiled by the State Council in May 2015, at
a time when China's manufacturing industry was clearly struggling and China's
IA market was heading south. Approximately one year after the document was
released, China's IA market started to recover thanks to the top-down push by
the government. The strength of recovery has been ahead of market expectations
so far, especially in recent quarters. Despite tougher comps, China's IA new order
growth in 3Q17 accelerated to 15% (Figure 1), much stronger than what the
market had expected.
More importantly, growth of the OEM market (mainly equipment manufacturing
industry) has already surpassed that of the project market (or end-user verticals)
since 2013 and the gap further widened starting 2016 (Figure 2). The emergence
of the equipment manufacturing industry signals that China's "real" automation
upgrade is indeed taking place.
We believe 2013-16 probably marks the start of China's broad-based automation
upgrades and this round of upgrade cycle may last as long as 10-20 years due
to the more complicated structure of China's manufacturing industry, which is
different from other countries (e.g. Japan's manufacturing industry is mainly
driven by 3C and automotive, etc.).
We expect China's overall IA demand to post a 10% CAGR over 2017-20E and
a CAGR of 5% over 2021-25E. We forecast the total IA market size in China to
reach c.Rmb260bn by 2025.
Low-voltage inverter: 7% CAGR over 2017-25E; a Rmb31bn market by 2025E
By varying the frequency and voltage supplied to the electric motor, inverters
can smoothly change the speed and torque of an electric motor. As electrical
machinery such as electric motors within plant facilities has become a huge
consumers of energy, inverter is critical to energy savings and efficiency
improvement. In China, inverter is the largest industrial drive segment, with an
annual market size of Rmb19bn in 2016.
Within China's inverter market, low-voltage inverter accounts for 85% of the total
and has been Inovance's primary focus (Figure 4). For low-voltage inverter market,
OEM market accounts for over 2/3 while project market represents the remaining
1/3. In contrast, medium/high-voltage inverter is purely driven by project market
(Figure 5).
Within the OEM market, wind power, elevator and hoisting machinery are the
three largest downstream verticals, which combined account for c.50% of the
total (Figure 6). The market size for rest verticals are generally below Rmb1bn,
with most around Rmb400-500m (Figure 8).
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche Bank
In terms of project market, traditional heavy industries such as chemical,
petroleum, power, metallurgy, petrochemical, and building materials, among
others, combined account for nearly half of the total demand (Figure 7). In recent
years, municipals and public facilities are growing rapidly (Figure 9). These two
verticals together now account for c.20% of the total demand of project market.
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche Bank. Note: Bubble size represents the market size 2016.
Looking ahead, after three consecutive years of decline since 2014, we expect
China's low-voltage inverter market to recover and post a 10% CAGR over
2017-2E, reaching Rmb24bn by 2020E (Figure 10). From 2021-2025E, despite
higher base, we expect this market to continue to witness a 5% CAGR, reaching
Rmb31bn by 2025E.
Servo, or more precisely, servo system, is a servo driver and a servo motor. It is
essentially an extension of inverter as servo drive is not only capable of controlling
speed and torque of a motor (as inverters do) but is also capable of providing
position control to a motor. Therefore, servo system has an extensive application
in the manufacturing sector and remains a key part of the industrial automation.
Currently, servo is still at its early stage of penetration in China, evidenced by
its much smaller market size (Rmb7.4bn) compared to inverters (Rmb19.3bn). By
downstream vertical, machine tool has been the largest one, accounting for 30%
of the total market (used to be 45% prior to 2013). On the other hand, electronics
manufacturing equipment (mainly 3C) has been the fastest-growing vertical in
(Figure 12). The two verticals combined accounted for c.50% of China's general
servo market in 2016 (Figure 11).
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche Bank
Most other verticals for general servos, however, have a market size of around
Rmb100-200mn (Figure 13). These small verticals are widely viewed as mid- to
low-end segments, which are the key targets for China's manufacturing upgrades.
This points to a substantial growth potential for servo market going forward.
With increasing adoption of servos, we expect China's general servo market to
post a CAGR of 19% over 2017-20, reaching Rmb15bn by 2020E (Figure 14). From
2021-25E, we expect the market to continue to witness a 10% CAGR, reaching
Rmb24bn by 2025E.
Figure 14: We expect China's general servo market to
post a CAGR of 19% over 2017-20E and 10% CAGR over
2021-25E
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche Bank. Note: Bubble size represents the market size in 2016.
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche Bank estimates.
The right place: import substitution theme to play out
China's current manufacturing upgrades still largely center on hardware
equipment, which has been Inovance's strong suit. Over the past 10 years,
Inovance has successfully grown into a local leader now capable of challenging
MNCs' dominant market positions.
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche bank
Inovance's sales of inverters increased >8x over 2008-16, vs. merely 18% for the
overall market. Correspondingly, Inovance's market share rose rapidly from 1% in
2008 to 10% in 2016, making it the No.3 player in China, behind ABB and Siemens
(Figure 15).
Similarly, Inovance's servos sales also increased 150% over 2011-16 (vs.+36% for
overall market). It market share increased from 4% in 2011 to 7% in 2016, ranking
No.5 in China, following Panasonic, Yaskawa, Delta and Mitsubishi (Figure 16).
While Inovance's progress is certainly encouraging, these two markets that
Inovance focused on are still very much dominated by MNCs, which have a
combined 88% share of China's general servo market and 63% of China's low-
voltage inverter market. For China's overall IA market, 65% of market share is still
controlled by MNCs currently.
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche bank
Source: Gongkong, Deutsche bank
While import substitution has generally turned out to be slow in China's IA market
in the last 10 years, we expect it to speed up in the coming decade. Apart from
improving product quality and lifting price-to-performance higher than MNC's,
the government's intention of raising local content would facilitate market share
gains by local players, in our view.
On accelerating import substitution, we expect Inovance to deliver stronger-than-
market growth for both inverter and servo segments. We project a revenue CAGR
of 20%+ and 40%+ for Inovance's sales of inverters and servos respectively
over 2017-20E (vs. 10% and c.20% for the respective markets in China). For
2021-2025E, we project a revenue CAGR of 10% and 16% for Inovance's sales
of inverters and servos respectively (vs. 5% and 10% CAGR for the respective
markets in China).
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
By 2020, we expect Inovance to become the No.2 player (surpassing Siemens)
in China's low-voltage inverter market (Figure 21) and the top 3 player in China's
general servo market (Figure 22). By 2025, we believe Inovance is highly likely to
lead both markets.
Source: Company data, Gongkong, Deutsche Bank estimates
The right people: vertical-based sales strategy highly effective in China
Inovance's success, in our view, is probably more driven by its management than
its technology and/or products. A strong evidence to support this is that several
Inovance's local competitors, who started similar business at similar time with
similar technology, have fallen way behind Inovance after a decade's operations.
Driven by management's aggressive but practical manner and strong market
insights, Inovance has successfully penetrated into multiple areas including
inverter, servo and NEV, and quickly built up a leading position.
Inovance recently launched a distinct "vertical-based" penetration strategy that is
completely different from its local and foreign competitors (Shenzhen Inovance -
Key trip takeways: Inovance's ear is coming). Instead of pushing existing products
to customers, the core of the strategy is to focus on deeply understanding
customers' trued needs and developing customized products. Through this
practice, Inovance can not only penetrate but also quickly dominate downstream
verticals.
Air compressor is a good case in point. By coming up with customized drive
market share of this particular vertical. The most recent successful cases are
textile machinery and metallurgy (Figure 23) and we expect many other verticals
to follow.
NEV - similar story as IA,
we believe
The right time: the global vehicle electrification trend and
Chinese government's strong push
We believe the Chinese government is determined to promote NEV, given
China's: 1) energy structure; 2) pollution concerns; and 3) ambition for technology
leadership. The recent news regarding China developing a plan to phase
out vehicles powered by fossil fuels and implementing a dual-credit scheme
exemplifies the government's effort to accelerate the development of this market.
The government's crackdown on subsidy cheating in 2016 created disruption to
the market but the impact proved to be only short lived. After eight months of
suspending catalogue approvals, MIIT resumed approval process in December
2016. Since February, China's NEV market has staged a strong recovery, with
volume growth accelerating to 78% in September.
Although YTD sales of NEV bus still register negative growth, volume has reverted
to positive growth since June (Figure 25). On the other hand, sales volume
of passenger NEV has been strong since February and the strength further
accelerated to close to 100% in September (Figure 24).
Moreover, after logistic NEV was included in MIIT's catalogue of vehicles eligible
for incentives for the first time in December 2016, we are seeing a steady
proportion of the catalogue coming from logistics NEV models (Figure 26), which
now accounts for c.25% of the total catalogue approvals so far this year (Figure
27). The recovery of China's NEV market is now across the board.
The right place: third-party suppliers to prevail over
automakers in China's NEV controller market
Electrical controller is indeed an application of Inovance's drive technology in
the NEV field. Through the exclusive supply agreement with the local bus leader
Yutong, Inovance successfully established its footprint in this market.
At the current stage, in-house production and sourcing from third-party providers
are main options for NEV automakers. The two parties largely equally share the
market. BYD, being the major one adopting in-house production, accounts for
25% of total NEV controller market (Figures 28 and 29).
Based on 2016 data, Yutong's leading position in China's NEV bus market helped
lift Inovance ranking to No.4 in China's NEV controller market, coming after BYD,
BAIC and UAES. Excluding automakers, Inovance ranked No.2 in 2016, after
UAES, a JV between SAIC and Bosch, which mainly focuses on passenger NEV.
Although automakers have strong intention to master the core technology, most
local automakers are final assemblers that lack R&D capability to support in-
house production. Moreover, when production volume ramps up significantly,
substantial quality risk and cost pressure would emerge, which would make
in-house production a less optimal option. Third-party suppliers could take
advantage of economies of scales by supplying products to the entire industry
while most mid to small automakers can not. We therefore believe third-party
OEMs will likely gradually gain market share as NEV sales rise.
We believe the competitive landscape for China's third-party NEV drive market is
still evolving especially for the passenger NEV segment. Although earlier movers
such as UAES and Shanghai E-drive have already established their footprint in this
market, we believe Inovance can still penetrate and grab decent market share,
leveraging its core competence in drive field, track record in NEV bus area, and
cooperation with Brusa.
Cost advantage could be Inovance's key competitiveness over the long run
Moreover, as volume significantly ramps up, we believe Inovance's strong cost
competitiveness will enable the company to stand out. Compared to other
dedicated third-party NEV driver producers, Inovance has a strong electronics
platform (due to its IA business), which would offer substantial cost advantage
(e.g. lower sourcing prices for IGBT and capacitors due to larger purchasing
volume) since IA and NEV have a large overlap for certain core components. In the
long term, as NEV volume significantly ramps up, automakers will likely become
increasingly more cost conscious. Therefore, we believe Inovance's strong cost
competitiveness will facilitate its market share expansion in future.
The right people: we like management's strategy
developed for passenger NEV
Inovance has been a proven NEV drive leader in the NEV bus segment but
relatively new to the passenger NEV segment. While being the exclusive NEV
controller supplier of Yutong Bus is an endorsement of Inovance's product quality
and technology, breaking into passenger OEM's supply chain system is not easy
given rigorous requirements for product safety and quality, which requires high
R&D investment and close cooperation with auto OEMs.
Fully realizing the challenges, management of Inovance has come up with three
strategies:
Inosa: Inovance established Inosa in September 2016 by cooperating
with Brusa, which was founded in 1985 and is mainly involved in electric
motors and components for NEV (including controller, DC/DC converter,
charger, etc.). Brusa's product line coupled with its leading technology
in NEV field makes it a nice complement for Inovance. While currently
Inovance is mainly focusing on NEV controller, in the longer term,
Inovance will develop its electric motor as well as gearbox by leveraging
Brusa's advantages.
Better product integration: Existing local players have focused on
offering controller plus motor solutions but Inovance is taking this
one step further by offering 3-in-1 powertrain solutions consisting of
controller, motor and gearbox. The benefits to automobile manufacturers
are clear - reduced weight and size with no extra cabling between the
motor and inverter enable the simple integration of the drive units within
the vehicle architecture. The company will eventually produce all three
components internally. In the near term, Inovance will likely provide
motor and controller separately for local NEV makers, mastering the
powertrain technology will prepare Inovance for the likely intensifying
competition when foreign NEV automakers start to aggressively enter
the China market possibly in 2019.
ISO certification: While it is not yet strictly required by local NEV OEMs,
getting ISO certified (ISO26262 in this case) - one of the highest safety-
related certifications globally - is an endorsement of product safety
and quality. Inovance is the first local player to successfully roll out
automated production lines and obtain the ISO26262 certification for
its NEV drive business. Our channel checks also suggest most local
passenger NEV drive suppliers have not been certified.
Leveraging Brusa's leading technology and Inovance's sound strategies (i.e.
providing integrated powertrain & acquiring ISO certificate), we are increasingly
confident that Inovance will repeat its success in the passenger NEV field.
2017-19: logistics NEV to drive growth; beyond 2019:
passenger NEV to take off
Although NEV bus fell short of expectations so far this year, due to weak volume
from Yutong as well as iASP cut, logistic NEV positively surprised YTD and will
likely continue to exceed expectations in the coming years. Management recently
also raised its full-year revenue target for its logistics NEV segment to Rmb350m
(from Rmb200m guided at the beginning of 2017).
We estimate that the market size of China's logistics NEV drive market will
probably be around Rmb800-900m in 2017 (volume of 100k units x ASP of
Rmb8-9k), which means that Inovance occupies c.40% market share. We expect
the overall market to continue to register a 22% CAGR over 2018-2020 and
Inovance to further grow its market share to 60% by 2020E. This suggests that
Inovance's logistic NEV revenue will grow at a CAGR of 33% over 2018-20E, more
than offset the potential softness from NEV bus. Based on this trend, we expect
its logistics NEV to surpass the NEV bus segment and become the largest revenue
contributor for the whole NEV segment starting 2019 (Figure 31).
In terms of passenger NEV business, despite surging opex which pressured
Inovance's profitability in 2017, the heavy investment in passenger NEV has
tier-2 passenger NEV customers to supply its controller products. Management
is confident that it can secure 1-2 tier-1 passenger NEV customer(s) in 2H17 and
expects the business to take off in 2019.
We expect Inovance's sales of passenger NEV controller to post a CAGR of 133%
over 2017-20. By 2020, we expect Inovance to take a 10% share in China's
passenger NEV controller market, with revenue contribution reaching c.Rmb1bn.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Valuation and risks
Valuation
We use a DCF methodology to value Inovance given its stable cash flow. Our
revised target price of Rmb34.3 is based on a WACC of 8.0% and a terminal
growth assumption of 2%. Our cost of equity assumption incorporates a risk-free
rate of 3.9%, an equity risk premium of 5.6% and a beta of 0.95x. Our target price
corresponds to a P/E of 39x/30x on 2018/19E, close to one standard deviation
above its long-term mid-cycle level, supported by the long-term growth potential
of China's intelligent manufacturing sector as well as improving outlook for its
passenger NEV drive business.
Risk
Key downside risks include: 1) an unexpected slowdown in China's economic
activity, 2) slower-than-expected new energy vehicle sales in China, 3) slower-
than-expected development of new products and market penetration, and 4) poor
execution of M&A.
Manufacturing
Shenzhen Inovance Technology Co., Ltd.
Shenzhen Inovance Technolog
Bloomberg: 300124 CH
Reuters: 300124.SZ
Buy
Company Profile
Founded in 2003, Shenzhen Inovance mainly focuses on R&D,
manufacture and sales of industrial automation products. The
company's product portfolio includes low-voltage inverters, servo
systems, PLCs, HMIs, specialized control & drive system for
elevators, new energy vehicle controllers and traction & control
system for rail.
Sky Hong, CFA
Source: Company data, Deutsche Securities estimates
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Sky Hong
Historical recommendations and target price. Shenzhen Inovance Technology Co., Ltd. (300124.SZ)
(as of 11/03/2017)
07/11/2016
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 23,20 Sky Hong, CFA
04/12/2017
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 26,50 Sky Hong, CFA
09/12/2016
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 26,80 Sky Hong, CFA
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 30,10 Sky Hong, CFA
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Manufacturing
Shenzhen Inovance Technology Co., Ltd.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are
paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. Trade
by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a time frame of no
less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to time discuss with
our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts
or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Coverage and
the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst concerned or of
the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report
is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments
or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ^\prime s
judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make
their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without
notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
are current as of the end of the previous trading session, and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg
and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
to our research is available on our website under Disclaimer found on the Legal tab.
Manufacturing
Shenzhen Inovance Technology Co., Ltd.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows),
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss.
The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility
(which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues
related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed income instruments
to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to
specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index fixings may -- by
construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the
proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to
a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge
that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally,
options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own circumstances
including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities, and as such,
investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the
contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a
result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater
than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior
to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at http://
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
gm.db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading
strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany 's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)
as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received administrative
warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising
from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who is not an
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations),
they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
Manufacturing
Shenzhen Inovance Technology Co., Ltd.
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by
the Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that
fall within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
research-information.html
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Research
Global Head of Economics
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America