q3 performance meets expectations, focussing on q4 policy release Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Q3 performance remained robust during the low season
The three-quarter report on the Wootong bus shows that the cumulative operating income of 2024q3 was 24.8 billion yuan, equal to +27.0 per cent, and the cumulative net profit on maternity was 2.43 billion yuan, equal to +131.5 per cent. Cost control has been effective since the first quarter, with the q3 Māori ratio rising.
The sales/management/research and development rates have been downgraded as a result of the adjustment of corporate accounting standards to the Quality Assurance Costs originally charged to sales costs. The net interest rate on corporate returns has reached 9.8%, compared to 2.4 pp, ring ratio - 0.7 pp, and is better than the Māori rate.
In 2024, the company’s sales structure was optimized, and the share of new energy passenger vehicles in their exports increased. The share of new energy passenger vehicles in sales rose by the same amount.
• The domestic replacement of old policies with new ones is expected to boost the sales of q4 buses 2024q3 with new policies 2024q3 gradually landing in various parts of the country, upgrading new energy city buses with a subsidy of $80,000 per vehicle and an average subsidy of $42,000 per vehicle for new power cells.
China’s passenger-car exports are still growing, and the company, as a leading company, will benefit fully from the industry’s up-to-date cycle. We expect the company’s net profit return to be 2024-2026, respectively.
Foreign exports are less than expected. Companies are the leading exporters of passenger vehicles, if export sales occur.
1. The leading players in the medium-sized and medium-sized sector, national recovery and maritime and sonic technology, have been assigned to the core business sectors of strategy, markets, products and research, multi-year experience in primary and secondary markets, with electronic +
Multilatitude research perspectives and depth insights in automobiles/industry and finance, with full coverage of the automobile industry. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open market information, and I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor about any change in the information and advice contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.