The net profit in the first three quarters of the Utun bus was 132% higher than in the previous quarter.
In the third quarter, 24.8 billion yuan was collected, compared to +27.0 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit was 2,444 million yuan, compared to +131.5 per cent, and the non-net profit was 2.07 billion yuan, compared to +164.1 per cent. In the single quarter, the 24q3 bus was profitable, and the first medium-term bonus boosted the shareholder ' s return.
The cost of after-sale services, which was originally included in the sales fee, is included in the cost accounting, and the change in accounting policy affects the 52-week maximum/minimum price (45.5% red rate) and continuously enhances shareholder returns.
The continued release of scale effects and the evolution of medium- and high-end strategies, the steady release of corporate performance, the subsequent build-up of exports, the increase in sales (including the rise in the share of new energy sources) and the ongoing domestic rehabilitation (exploitation of tourist bus demand + catalyticization of public transport with old new policies) are expected to continue.
Looking at the medium-to-long term, the cycle-to-growth resonance is still strong, and Woo-tung’s performance is expected to continue to release. At the end of the industry: one country has sold about 240,000 vehicles abroad in 23 years (about 270,000 pre-epidemiological stables), with less than 10% penetration of new energy sources, with a relatively high level of domestic upscaling, and a multinational policy has been designated to promote replacement of new energy buses.
Woo-tung bus (600066.sh) - excellent cash flow, domestic and foreign resonance boosts profit and gain; Woo-tung-tao: 1 export market creates an innovative model of “technology plus services exports”, capturing the new overseas bus (600066.sh) - export and internal sales symbiosis, with net profits rising.
The energy development window period continues to break out, from “manufacturing + selling products” to “manufacturing service + solutions” The bus (600066.sh) - a global hub with growth and dividends, upgrading positioning and increasing competitiveness, moving from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc.
Net profit from the Wootong bus (600066.sh) increased by 139 per cent from year to year in 2023, and export to developed regions of the passenger-car industry, including Europe, to promote the industrial value chain to the mid-to-high end, which is expected to benefit fully from the expansion of new energy sources overseas;2 improvement of Māori in the domestic market in the risk management + preferred market, expected to be public
Utunbus (600066.sh) – Domestic repairs, high export growth, and optimization of costs, 2023 divisional domestic profits are expected to recover. Investment advice: a global mid-sized passenger leader with growth (out of the sea) and dividends (high dividends), maintaining “beautiful”
In the big city, it's a rating. Look at the growth in corporate exports and domestic warming, and raise the forecast of profits. Figure 2: Quarterly receipts of woo-tong buses (billion dollars) and speed of increase. Figure 3: Net profits of woo-tong buses (billion dollars) and speed of increase.
The company’s 2403 single-car business received $7.17 million, with a ring ratio of $4.10 million, mainly due to a decline in new energy sources and export ratios (the reason for the rhythm of price delivery); a single-car profit of $70,000 for 24q3 and a single-car non-profit of $59,000. Overall, the single-car profit is relatively stable.
The accounting policy of 2403 was adjusted to include after-sale service charges, which were originally included in the cost accounting, and the impact of the change in accounting policy resulted in a 23.9 per cent Maori rate of 24q3 compared with 0.8 pct, ring-2.2 pct; and a net interest rate of 9.8 per cent, resulting in firm cost control capacity, continued release of scale effects and medium- and high-end strategic evolution, corporate performance
Stable release, subsequent build-up of export sales and continued domestic rehabilitation, and firm performance is expected to continue. Figure 10: Quarterly Māori and net interest rates for Utility (millions) Figure 11: Quarterly cost rates for Utopia (%)
In the context of a “way-by-way” environment, Yutong's overseas market is progressing well and is expected to make a sustained contribution to the global target market, moving from “product exports” to “technology exports”. By the first half of 2024, companies had cumulatively exported more than 100,000 passenger vehicles of all types, and products were sold to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, and An.
In the main target markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers. In the new energy passenger cars, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers.
In the region, companies have cumulatively exported more than 6,000 new energy passenger vehicles and generated bulk sales in over 40 countries or areas, including Qatar, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Norway, Greece, Chile, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Finland, France, Poland, Australia, New Zealand, Italy, Portugal, Singapore and others.
Good operations, active development of green public transport, and contribution to global carbon reduction. Companies use a combination of direct marketing and distribution sales in overseas markets, and now overseas distribution and service networks have achieved the global target city layout, through more than 60 subsidiaries, offices, distribution partners, and direct sales teams.
Channel models cover six regions of the Americas, Africa, CIS, Asia and the Pacific, Middle East and Europe: at the same time, using the advantages of technology and industrial chains, companies have worked in more than 10 countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Ethiopia and Malaysia, to move from “product exports” to “technology” through kd assembly.
The company is working to upgrade the service and spare parts supply system, creating a customer-centred after-sales network with more than 330 authorized service stations.
And over 410 networks covering all target markets. Several regional and national fittings centres have been set up to ensure fast supply of spare parts. More than 370 overseas customer service managers have provided technical support and problem resolution, worked with known zero component suppliers, worked together to upgrade service security capabilities and provided high-quality services to clients.
As the global economy recovers and the demand for public transport improves, as well as major events, events and exhibitions are held on schedule, the demand for the bus industry is expected to grow in a sustained and resilient manner, along with new energy passenger vehicles.
Social recognition is increasing, and the demand for new energy in overseas markets will be sustained by environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and the continuous progress of new energy vehicle technology and economic growth.