Quarterly review in 2022: double pressure on assets and liabilities, concern for the effectiveness of the implementation of the plan
The research assistant, I-woo, achieved a total premium of $64,890 million, an increase of 2.4 per cent over the same period. The new crown epidemic spread throughout the country, putting pressure on the demand for agents and residents ' insurance consumption, adding up new bills and values for the same period in 2021.
Billion dollars, mainly due to the continuing coldness of new sales of health insurance; $12.530 billion in new bills, an increase of 11.5 per cent in the same year; $42,364 million in renewal premiums, an increase of 8.0 per cent in the same year; contribution to the total premium; channeled contribution of nearly 70 per cent of the new bill from the silver insurance channel; and weak growth of the risk.
In the context of the new single premium for insurance/gold insurance, the risk channels have been weakened and the contribution to the new bill has fallen from 36.4 per cent to 28.6 per cent of the 1o22, respectively, due to the impact of the epidemic and the slowdown in macroeconomic growth during the same period.
Increased power, pressure on group channels, new single contributions equal to -1.6 pct to 3.7%, 1q22 silver insurance channels, 67.7%, are still difficult to reverse. With the very low base and size of the team, the second quarter of the industry bill shows signs of steady improvement.
In the second quarter, companies will focus on rejuvenation, specialization, and urbanization.
In addition, a three-year career growth plan has been set up for the “beautiful” newcomers, optimizing the workforce by means of specific training activities and specialized classmasters.
It's worth noting that at the end of the period, the company's net assets lost $19,498 million in value changes at the beginning of the year, and we measured the full-calibre annualized return on investment.
The rate of 2.2 per cent was a major drag on current business performance.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: prior to the company ' s disclosure of its performance forecast announcement, stock prices had reflected more volatile profit performance, and excellent plans had been initiated
It's the LeU class. Scs soochowsecurities.
Figure 1:1q22 Total premium revenue by contribution modality at a rate of increase in comparison with the rate of increase
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board