Strong growth of core business, gradual improvement of operations Conlon (300759.sz) Strong growth of core business, gradual improvement of operations
On October 27, the company released its third quarter report for 2022. In the first three quarters of the year, the company managed to collect $7,403 million, or $1,62 per cent more than the previous three quarters. The q3 company achieved 2,768 million, or 37.31 per cent more than the previous year, and the ring ratio, thanks to improved exchange rate and operational efficiency, increased the company ' s Māori ratio, 2022q1-q3 gross.
Science and biosciences have developed, laying the foundation for a robust growth in corporate performance; commercial production has concentrated on releasing coils with front-end projects, and small molecule cdmo operations are expected to grow faster. In the medium and long term, the advantages of a company-wide process, integrated layout, are expected to emerge and drive clinical coro operations and emerging strategic operations fast.
Development, further opening up the long-term growth space, and we look forward to the long-term growth of the company. At this stage, the full-process integration and globalization strategy is moving forward, with larger short-term inputs, with low-profit, high-speed CMC operations, and strategic emerging operations opening up long-term growth space.
Laboratory services are the core business of the company, and as the chemical and bioscience synergies of the laboratory are strengthened, the advantages of the first in-body service will be further demonstrated, thus contributing to the rapid growth of laboratory services. Meanwhile, the continued flow of laboratory uniforms to cmc is expected to drive the accelerated growth of small molecule cdmo operations and the roll-out of cmc services.
"Stable income growth, multiple factors leading to short-term fast-tracking. Since the second half of 2021, companies have started integrating the Group ' s clinical research and development services, with the human profit burden - company information update report.
The company has initially set up an integrated technology platform with advantages in the field of big molecules and cgt, together with the move towards building a leading drug research and development service platform.
With a high level of activity, two businesses are expected to continue to grow at a sustained rate, opening up further medium- and long-term growth space. The Division is entering a new phase of development – the company’s first coverage.