In the first three quarters, revenues of $7,403 million were realized (a year-on-year growth was robust, with multiple factors leading to short-term fluctuations in profits and a gradual recovery in real profitability.
In the first three quarters of 2022, and in the third quarter of 2022, the firm ' s portfolio showed a steady trend, driving business income growth. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved higher management costs as a result of multiple mergers and acquisitions and the expansion of the size of its operations, as well as interest charges.
And the loss of exchange leads to an increase in the financial cost rate, which increases the cost rate during the period, superimposes the investment income, but focuses on the adjusted net noon-ifrs interest rate at the parent rate, which is more responsive to the actual business of the company.
Business growth was robust; income from cmc services was 1.680 billion yuan, compared to 37.3 per cent, and the Māori rate was 34.43 per cent; income from clinical research services was 982 million yuan, compared to $142 million for mass molecules and cell and gene therapy, compared to 30.13 per cent, gross
Interest rate - 22.15 per cent, with high input from the new business development phase affecting profit performance. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
The net return profits were 17.21, 25.06 and 34.94 billion yuan, representing an increase of 3.6 per cent, cindasecuritiesco.ltd 45.7 per cent, 39.4 per cent and 36 x, 25x and 18x, respectively.
Risk factors: increased competition in the industry, loss of core technical staff, declining inputs to medical research and development, or falling out-of-pocket rates, less pace of new business than expected.
He was a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppcca and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics from the University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. He was a researcher at the Minya Foundation in 2022, and was a researcher in the pharmaceutical consumption and raw materials industry.
Zhao Xiaoshan, a member of the team, a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 to study the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.