Performance continues to be higher than expected, and business robust value attributes highlight events: the company issued a three-quarterly report forecast, January-September, with a net return profit of $5.5-58 billion, and a core view of the same: performance is higher than expected.
Post-cycle varieties, represented by machines and concrete machines, have outperformed excavators in both sales and start-up rates. The market for company-owned products (concrete machines + cranes) has continued to rise, potential markets (diggers + high-altitude platforms) have broken down rapidly, and new and old business has flourished.
Business is robust, value attributes are prominent, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. Corporate prices are in contrast to the 300-percent trend.
\triangleright Engineering Mechanic Industries are influenced by multiple benefits, such as equipment replacement and the continued push of the "two new ones" construction, so that the industry stays high. In particular, they enter q3, concrete machinery and rise.
Heavy machinery exceeds the excavator in terms of the speed of increase in sales and the rate of start-up, which together account for over 80 per cent of the company ' s business, the beneficiary ' s product sales are growing at a very high rate, and the three-quarters performance is excellent, super-market expectations. 1 crane plate: 53 per cent of the crane ' s income is derived from data from the first half of the year.
Carrying, carrying) and building cranes ( towers), engineering crane plates benefiting from downstream infrastructure investment needs (plant construction, high bridges, subways, etc.), industry sales continue to grow and, on the rise, the company market will grow faster than industry; construction cranes will remain full.
First of all, the company's newest, and since it's been on the market, the W-series towers have been very popular with clients, and according to the company's official information, on September 14th, the company towers have broken 10 billion dollars, the arms-pumper, car-pumper city has remained the first, and the advantage of the blender's light-quantized product has been highlighted.
The first coverage depth report by Huaann Securities_Study _ shows that the market has reached the top three.
The company as a whole, and part of the orders were confirmed late to () 3, with three quarters of negative shifts in downstream infrastructure, housing, housing, and better demand for concrete machinery, and we judged that the firm's plate was expected to pick up to a higher level.
The potential market has broken out rapidly, gradually stabilized, and is expected to become a new performance growth point.1 Agricultural machinery: on the one hand, in the context of the epidemic, the country ' s emphasis on agriculture has continued to rise, opportunities for the agro-machinery sector have begun to emerge, markets have become more active and, on the other hand, it has become more resilient.
In the future, we believe that, as the level of agricultural mechanization continues to rise, the replacement of agricultural machines will require steady support, with companies growing wheat machines, dryers, swingers, bundlers.
The product's share in the domestic market remains “on count two”, the complete mechanization of sugar cane in the overseas market breakthroughs, and the future performance of the agro-mechanical plates will be the bright spot.
Advanced, highly efficient, reliable, energy-efficient, economic, etc., highly favoured; 5107 sold in January-September, with a 2.16 per cent city share and a rapid increase in city share, with prospects 3 high-altitude operating platforms: pioneered the launch of full-exchange electric arm, high-performance full-exchange lithium cuttings
Fork products, widely appreciated; sales grew by over 100 per cent in the first half of the year, market share was stable, industry was in the first line of line, industry was on top and market influence was on the rise, and it was expected that the second half of the year would lead to a new start for the enabling companies, and high-level buy-outs strengthened investor confidence.
The company is going to raise up to $6.6 billion to invest in the four smart manufacturing projects of "Duggers + Chaser + Key Parts + Close Hydraulic Devices" while replenishing liquidity.
Digger business is an essential part of the company's business;2 from the point of view of introducing the war pitch: the company's core, the business level, is involved in the offer, the interests are consistent and the investor's confidence is enhanced;3 from the point of view of the dividends: since the company's listing, the accumulated cash share has been 34.58 per cent, the highest in the industry for the next three years.
Future growth drives, value attributes are prominent. The infrastructure is short-lined, market competition is increasing, product Māori rates are falling, new product production is available, and the revalued shares are shown in figure 1.
Figure 4 Māori rates, rising net interest rates, Chart 5 cranes, and concrete machinery Māori rates continue to rise.
A significant increase in the scale of R&D expenditure in 2019
Figure 15: Combined power digs at ze205e-h1 industrial park.
The U.S.U.R.D. digs, the City of Wisdom digs, the Gardens, the Production Gardens.
The diggers are under the Xinnan Industrial Park, where German treasures are visible, and the mechanical park is under construction.
Horse show, machine overlay, line marking the production capacity of a hybrid excavator.
The mastery of the combined power technology, the Central U.S.U. 1250e excavator.
350 ze230e tracked, developed autonomously by the China-China Federation, into national production.
The excavator exits the Middle East, ranks the new generation of excavators and bulldozers.
Maximum tonnage hydraulic excavator, industry single sales record, excavator release.
Figure 16 Pontoon rental towers are still at a very high level of utilization, with less than expected capital shorts, more competition in the market, a decline in the Māori rate of products, and less productive new products than expected. Detailed follow-up of the white-coloured machine, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.