Event: February 26, 2023, Central Communications, official public address, company participation in mwc2023 conference on the theme “Students in wisdom”, leading to a multi-faceted breakthrough of ict technology and applications
Communications (000063.sz). A total of seven 5g industry applications were selected for the 2022 gsma Global 5g Transporthub, covering the fields of smart manufacturing, mines, transportation, agriculture, recreation.
In an era of digital economy, three major operators are the main force and direct force in building a domestic network of numeracy, underpinned by the core base of my national numeracy, continuing to deepen the layout of cloud computing, ai applications, 5g, etc.
China Associated 2022, with 74.2 billion yuan in capital spending for the entire year 2022; further expansion in 2023, with a projected capital expenditure of 76.9 billion yuan and a projected increase of 3.64 per cent over the same year, with network investment accounting accounting accounting accounting for a network of strong investments by the three major operators, and communication between China and China as a leading factor in the whole industry chain layout.
Based on its long-term investment in the ict technology sector, companies are constantly upgrading the core competitiveness of their products, and many of them are responding to the need for business transformation and upgrading by their corporate clients.
Enterprise network: The number of data centres, driven by applications such as artificial intelligence, object networking, intelligent manufacturing, and so on, is rapidly increasing, and will drive the outbreak of 400g demand in the data centre network to meet the demand for a wide bandwidth and low-time network. It is expected to become 400g commercial year in 2023.
In the field of light transmission, the company proposes a real 400g program based on a 3d silicon containment technology breakthrough, with a rate of 400 gbps, an increase of 10 per cent over the traditional transmission distance; and with flexshaping.
Year after year, Turkey moved to complete the world's first open network with 12thz ultra-wide spectrum evolution capability. China’s communications depth report: full layout deployment. According to the company’s 2022nd semi-annual report, company otn’s cross-cutting annual market share is the second highest in the world.
Smart cars, multiple businesses that continue to land -- Smart Nets -- A series of cars (1).
The Consumer's Return - Value Realization in Deep 2 (Consumption Electronics)
In the area of data communications (exchange/routing), 400g switches can better support the development of fmc scenes.
Demand, 400-ge interfaces relative to the traditional 100-ge, can triple the speed rate while effectively reducing the number of devices and reducing the power of bit by 15 per cent: within the links, a 20 per cent increase in the use of the links can be achieved by eliminating the resource imbalance between the links; in addition, the introduction of a larger operational portal can reduce fibre optic consumption by 75 per cent and the laying down of structures.
Ben. The new generation of high-density 400-ge singleboards in the middle of the mwc2023 will allow for flexible network architecture expansion and capacity enhancement, while effectively ensuring cost-efficiency and enabling operators to build telecommunications-level fmc networks. To date, the new generation of ip-mounted networks has been helped to build up by leading operators in countries such as Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
Servers and storage: The company has both x86 servers and non-x86 servers, and a rich server type provides a strong numeric support for multi-industry digital transformations. Of this, the intelgpu server r6,500g5, with 32 memory slots, supports ddr5 memory, and supports up to 10 double-wide gpu acceleration cards for high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and multiple
Application scenarios such as media rendering; arm architecture server r5930g2, with a large kernel, a high vomiting rate, a single-line capability, a high integer computing function, high access and Io access bandwidth features, and unique security for government, Internet, energy, operators, finance, etc.
A super-high-speed cache of up to 1.5 tb can be used in a wide range of industries such as medium-sized and large databases, high-performance computing, multimedia video data storage, file services, Internet applications, backups, disaster tolerance, etc. According to the company ' s 2022 semi-annual report, servers and storage in the first half of 2022 exceeded 110,000 global cumulative shipments, up from 2021.
Data centres: The company leads the full-module data centre. Entered the data centre area in 2009, after 14 years of sedimentation and development, resulting in four major data centre solutions with full series coverage, including the micromodule data centre, hangar data centre, warehousing full-module data centre and container data centre.
Integrated, life-cycle solutions (calculation & storage, data communications network, light network, refrigeration, idc high-pressure straight flow, etc.) to idc carriers. Company-built prefabricated full-module data centre solutions, with a strong team of data centre development and technology specialists of more than 1,500 people, more than 380 global data, compared to the traditional one.
According to the company ' s semi-annual report in 2022, the company collected a unique home tag at the market mdc in 2022; a successive winning operator cluster project was successful in breaking into high-pressure straight product collection projects such as the China Telecom Group; and the largest share in the Philippine market
Databank: In 2011, the company distributed database goldendb commercialized over 10 million sets, and in 2014, the financial class transactional distributed database goldendb was released. In the financial industry, the middle distributed database goldendb became the first in the financial sector.
The national production database, which has been in operation for more than three years, covers the entire series of banks in the State sector, the stock system, the banks, the Union of Agriculture and Trade Unions, the city comptoirs and the agricultural comptoirs; the goldendb helps the country achieve the core deal, Taejunan, the breakthrough in innovation, and the successful introduction of the new generation of distributed core trading systems in the State-owned industry.
In the operator’s market, the division, together with Hebei, moved to build a core database, a self-controlable template, which was incorporated into the Paradigm letter-based solution. Clouds platform: A company launched a digital nebula platform in 2022 to provide fast and flexible customization for the digital transformation of businesses.
As of 2022h1, the company has provided digitally transformed top-level designs for large enterprises such as China-China and the Nanjing Port Group, while more than 500 partners have been developed in 15 industries such as industrial manufacturing, metallurgical steel, transportation, mining, travel, media, etc. Videoconferences: the company owns television wall servers, recording servers, video mcu, 1080p/4k video terminals, and video software
\Trangleright \triangleright is expected to benefit fully from a policy-driven digital economy that accelerates the digital transformation of enterprises.
On 27 February 2023, the Central Committee and the State Council issued the Plan for the Construction of a Digital China as a Whole, which states that the construction of a digital base in China should be consolidated, that the 5g network should be speeded up in conjunction with the gigagram network, that the numeracy infrastructure should be optimized, that the East and West departments should be more efficient and complementary, and that the data centres should be guided by a rational layout and that national data in such important areas as public health, science and technology and education should be built.
A resource base. A strong digital economy that promotes the deep integration of digital technology and the real economy and accelerates the application of digital technology innovation in priority areas such as agriculture, industry, finance, education, health, transport, energy. Development of efficient and coordinated digital government, enhanced digital capacity-building, promotion of information system network connectivity, data sharing on demand, and efficient operational synergies.
On that day, the State Council ' s National Resources Committee met to request state-owned enterprises to accelerate the transformation of traditional industries and to promote new forms of industrialization.
Using 5g as the base of the cloud network, the digital nebula platform supports the integration of the real economy with the data economy. The trend towards the digital transformation of firms is becoming more pronounced, with the demand for corporate data and the political cloud landscape increasing, and companies own a digital nebula platform that allows businesses to integrate.
For industry, the company combines 5g with industry depth to “manufacturing 5g with 5g” in manufacturing; the 5g Smart Steel Network 2.0 programme in the steel industry; the 5g smart mining, extraction and other innovative applications in the coal mine industry; the 5g integration with the grid in the electricity sector; and the on-orbiting industry.
The company will be able to digitally empower multiple industries, and we believe that future corporate governance is expected to benefit fully, and that the ratio of government revenues and revenue growth will continue to rise.
The continuing value of strong technology R & D power in new applications is becoming the core competitive strength and long-term growth logic \triangleright The market is generally of the opinion that future growth in corporate performance will continue to depend on a 5g-cycle upswing, leading to an increase in operator business
In the long run, too much attention has been paid to the net profits on the company’s books and to the cyclical nature of the operator’s capital expenditure, ignoring the core technological upgrading that companies have been investing more than $12 billion in research and development over the past 11 years. We believe that the current phase of 5g’s planning and construction, in addition to generating large-scale growth in the operator’s operations, will also lead to a significant increase in the intellectualization of industries and the downstream application of networking technology.
On the basis of a strong effort to develop core technologies, such as chips, operating systems and databases, intelligentness, networking and national production substitution processes, which will soon accelerate companies in the core technologies of automobiles, consumer electronics, the industrial Internet, financial science and technology, and new energy sources, companies are the leading global provider of the ict solution, and companies will benefit fully from the accelerated construction of 5g as lead equipment providers.
At the same time, the power of R & D is strong, and we look forward to the continued realization of the value of firm's strong R & D capabilities in new applications. Public 5g is not expected to be built as expected, smart cars are not growing as expected, trade friction between China and the United States, and the new crown epidemic is spreading.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as network of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, carrying out research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.