The second curve leads to growth \triangleright, the first curve is steady and the second growth curve is booming.
\triangleright 2022 was the year the corporate strategy was overtaken by the start, with both domestic and international markets experiencing steady growth, under geopolitical and global economic pressure, with revenue of $8.524 billion and $37.71 billion, respectively.
5g industry applications, auto electrons, digital energy, intelligent households, etc., represent a second curve innovation that keeps up with rapid growth of over 40% of business earnings, of which servers and storage revenues are close to 100%.
S010,521,113 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 80 per cent over the same year. (1) Operators ' networks: fixed nets, core networks, server product revenues are all increasing by the same amount, increasing the global market share of key products such as wireless networks, wire networks, etc. 22 years.
Division 5g base station, 5g core network, light transmission 200g port, second-highest delivery in the world, ponolt s01052209005
Revenues have been raised to the second highest in the world; servers and storage products have been ranked first in 22 years in the collection of servers by multiple domestic operators. (2) Businesses and enterprises: faster growth, driven mainly by higher revenues from server products. Core product servers and storage, goldendb distributed databases, cloud computers, etc.
(iii) Consumer operations: gradual integration of mobile phones, mobile products, household information terminals and ecological capabilities, providing individuals and families with a rich choice of smart products.
In 22 years, Mid-Sing, Nubian and Red Demon rolled out a multi-channel model to cover different market needs; mobile interconnection product 5g rating: stay solid, high-quality development period - 2022/1 mbb&fwa continues to be the world ' s number one; household information terminals are growing across borders, pon
The cpe, dslcpe, with the highest volume in the world, continues to lead the market share of the top box. 2. China Communications (000063.sz) reported in the first quarter of 2022 increased net profit and increased profitability.
Qualitative growth: high net profit expectations and significant improvements in profitability - 22 years of net profit earned by companies from non-mortality of $6.17 billion, an increase of 86.5 per cent over the same period.
Cost optimization led to an increase in the Māori rate of the business. 22 years of change in the R&D/sale/management cost rates of companies. Sustained structural optimization - 2022/03/09 efficiency; 83.05 per cent decrease in financial costs over the year, mainly due to increased net interest income and exchange rate fluctuations
Investment Recommendations: In view of the company ' s continued enhancement of its base capacity at ict, first curve business resilience has been highlighted, Sino-Change Communication (000063): Spilling down in targeted acquisitions, \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.