The second curve is expected to continue at a high rate of growth. The company publishes its annual report, yielding business income of 122,954 million, yoy+10.4 per cent; net profit is recorded as a parent.
The q4 epidemic was under pressure and showed remarkable profitability: in a single quarter, 2022q4 companies per percentage points; the net return to the mother was $1.260 billion, an increase of 31.3 per cent in the same year (616 million after deduction, a positive change in the same year). q4 battalions received a decline in the same year, mainly affected by the epidemic, and part of the product was produced in the fourth quarter.
At the same time, the company’s q4 net profit on the home side is under pressure as a result of projects such as fair value gains and losses and investment gains. The increase in the gross profit rate of the operator’s operations has led the company to demonstrate its profitability throughout the year.
Corporate revenues have been as expected as a result of the epidemic, with a significant increase in the profitability of the company's main business operations, in three major sectors: the network of operators, at $80.4 billion, a year-on-year increase (a 1.7 percentage point decrease in the same year); and consumer operations, at $28.28 billion, a 9.9 per cent increase in the same year.
The product portfolio, the network of operators, increased by almost 2 percentage points on a year-on-year basis and benefited mainly from an increase in the Māori ratio of major business operators.
The efficiency gains have continued to increase profitability and research and development: in 2022, the company continued to reduce the efficiency gains by 7.46 per cent, a decrease of 0.17 percentage points, compared to the same period; and the management costs rate.
Percentage points, mainly due to increased interest income and reduced losses on exchange. The three major cost rates continue to fall, and support companies to increase their R & D inputs, strengthen their research inputs and innovations across the world in 2022, improve the competitiveness of core technologies and products, and increase their R & D fees throughout the year.
The ratio of R & D to 1.2 percentage points with 2 R & D costs is 17.6 per cent, and the ratio of R & D staff to the second curve is sharp and is expected to support future performance growth: companies maintain fast the second curve operations represented by servers and storage, end-of-pipe, 5g industry applications, auto electrons, digital energy, etc.
Among them, servers and storage have the first share of operating income. Other areas such as financial databases, industrial digitization, 5g applications, auto electronics, digital energy, intelligent households, etc., are also prominent. The second curve is expected to continue to be protected in the future.
The impact on the company’s overseas operations continues.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.