The second curve of steady business growth has grown rapidly throughout the year.
The company’s performance was slightly lower than we had expected before, mainly because it was prepared for a falling stock price in order to provide a solid basis for subsequent development in a year when the strategy was overtaken by events.
Companies have continued to reduce efficiency gains, Māori rates have continued to increase, and research and development efforts have continued to increase. Companies have experienced significant reductions in the three-cost rate as a result of sustained efficiency gains and management efficiency gains. Marketing rates, administrative rates and financial costs have decreased by 7.46 per cent, 4.34 per cent, 0.13 per cent, respectively.
0.17 pct, 0.41 pct, 0.71 pct. The significant decrease in the financial cost rate is mainly due to increased net interest income and a reduction in exchange losses due to exchange rate fluctuations.
To benefit from a significant increase in the Māori rate of the network of company-owned operators, the Māori rate of company operators reached 46.22 per cent, an increase of 3.77 percentage points from the previous year, and the company focused on long-term development, with R&D costs amounting to $21.602 billion, a year-long increase.
Companies continue to stay firm, with steady growth. In both the domestic and the international markets, operating revenues from the three main operations of operators, political firms, and fee collectors have increased year-on-year, and the second curve has grown rapidly.
The company’s 5g base station and 5g core network are the second largest in the world. The operator’s share of server collection is ranked first.
The goldendb database is the only financial database that has business transformation practices, such as large state-owned banks. Consumers’ business: the company’s share in the global market of mbb&fwa in 2022, the market share of poncpe and the machine box.
Annual News News (000063.sz) foresaw a slowdown in investment by operators; an overseas macroeconomic recession; and an intensification of trade friction between China and the United States.
Q1 performance exceeded expectations by a significant margin of non-net profit
Growth: 2022-04-25 Rating: q3 performance in line with expected rapid increase in the second curve 2022-10-30
JANG Jianyu, Master of Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, who has been working in China and China for several years, has joined the Port-of-Hong Kong Stock Exchange in November 2021, serving as a research assistant. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The investors should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and take their own investment risks.