A digital economy roadbuilder, counted as a new level — a study on the dynamics of communications (000063.sz) — a digital economy road builder, a new product server on the line
s 1050512111002 baoyc@cfsc.com.cn Based on the “Digital Economy Builders”, helped operators and partners build
The “Continence + Arithmetic + Capability” brain base accelerates the intellectual transformation of society as a whole. The firm's deep-deeping in the area of certainty, including further enhancement of spectrum and spectroscopy efficiency; acceleration of network commercial performance optimization and autonomous evolution; custom-made domain
(dsa), encapsulation and architecture innovation to sustain the Moore dividend; continuous deepening of chips, algorithms, and architecture's soft and hard synergic optimization. On the other hand, in areas of uncertainty, such as industrial digital expansion, companies start at low cost and continue in rapid succession.
Innovation. On the product layout, in January 2023, the company launched a 4th-generation Intense Server, r5300g5 global view server, r5500g5 mass storage server, r6500g5 isometric server and r8500g5 high performance.
Servers. R6500g5 isomers have 10-20 isomers built up to calculate an intelligent acceleration engine that deploys different isomers based on different applications and achieves the best combination of algorithms, e.g. cpu+gpu, cpu+gpu+dpu, meets
There is a need for a diversity of arithmeticals, such as ai/overcounts. As the wave continues, company-related arithmetic operations will benefit in depth.
The lack of arithmetic resources continues to be a major bottleneck in the development of the ai, as cloud infrastructure is the base of the arithmetic, opening opportunities for high-speed hardware such as servers.
+ Demand + Technology-driven integration continues to develop deeper and deeper. In terms of the national “double carbon” strategy and the corresponding “East-West” strategy, telecommunications operators, as national teams, will further optimize the configuration of their numeracy resources.
Arithmetic investments will create a large market for servers. According to the most recent media report, in 2022, the three major operators issued tenders for servers, covering nearly 600,000 different types of servers, exceeding investment.
Twenty billion yuan. The company is ranked first in 25.6% of the total. As the three major players continue to grow up to their arithmetic spending, the company will be deeply involved in the construction of the network and will have great scope for growth.
Industry competition increases risks, 5g network equipment prices fall risks, project delivery winds Computers & Small and Medium Tables Introduction Computers & Small and Medium Tables Research with companies listed in small and medium-sized industries. Areas of expertise include cloud computing, network security, artificial intelligence.
Ren Chun-yang: Master of Economics, 6 years of experience in the securities industry, November 2021, joined by Hsui-Sixie: Master of Arts, National University of Australia, reflecting my research views. I have not been, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.