On January 3, 2023, the company recently reached its orchards and wons.
Several scenarios, such as the cosmos, new energy photovoltaics, mines, fire and finance, provide digital enabling power, combining 5g communications (000063.sz) applications, big data, vr technology, etc., to drive the digital transformation of industries.
The digital economy has a deep industrial chain layout, which benefits from the digital transformation of industries The company relies on its long-term investment in technology such as chips, operating systems, databases, pips, and constantly improves the core competitiveness of its products, supporting the Internet, finance, photovoltaics, politics, mines, etc.
In terms of operating systems, companies have 21 years of autonomous research and development experience and products have been widely used in such industries as communications, automobiles, electricity, orbital transport, with a cumulative delivery of more than 200 million units; in terms of databases, the distributional database goldendb has become the first national product to be produced in the country's core business systems.
According to the Bank, which has been operating steadily for more than three years, the cases cover the entire series of banks operating in the State-owned major banks, stock-stock banks, the Associated Press, the city comptoirs and the agricultural comptoirs; the goldendb helps the country achieve the core trading system in Taejungon, the autonomous innovation breakthrough, and the successful commissioning of the new generation of distributed core trading systems in Thailand.
The industry's first core remodeling case was also the first goldendb's success in the securities dealer's core system; on ip: core router t8000 enabler ngnipcore network in Malaysia
Construction to become Malaysia's first high-speed mobile business transmission backbone carrier; chip area: Mid-spill booming Practice number: 1500521010002 Electronic chip research and development is strong, with 2022h1 generating $4.255 billion, net profit of $938 million.
In the case of cloud networks, the company is constantly strengthening the development of software and hardware products such as servers and storage, switchboards, data centres, cloud computers, etc., to digitize enterprises with applications such as 5g, big data, cloud computing, etc.
The package is in the top two positions; the company's innovative solution of constructing a prefabricated full-module data centre reduces the delivery cycle by 40% and the initial investment by 30%. The company's continued enhancement of basic computing facilities provides strong numeracy support for multi-practice digital transformations.
Global investment in telecommunications has been steady, with companies leading the world in many products.
Smart motor vehicles, multiple businesses on a continuous basis - as of June 2022, according to corporate announcements, 218 operators in 87 countries and territories around the world had operated the Smart Net Car Series (1).
5g service was launched, 9 countries and 18 operators more than in December 2021.
Line Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)
According to data from the Ministry of Industry and Communications, as of November 2022, the total number of 5g base stations stood at 2.287,000, representing a net increase of 862,000, or 21.1 per cent of the total number of mobile base stations at the end of the previous year.
According to the company’s official public number, the company’s 5g base station was the second largest delivery in the first half of 2022, and its 5g core network was the world’s first delivery of q1 in the year 2021. The continued value of strong technology R&D power in new applications has become the core competitive strength and long-term growth logic.
\triangleright The market is generally of the opinion that future growth in corporate performance will continue to rely on a 5g-cycle upswing, leading to the growth and growth of the operator's business, focusing too much on the net profits on the company's books and the periodicity of operator's capital expenditure, ignoring the fact that the company has invested heavily in R & D over the past 11 years.
We believe that, at this stage, a major 5g project will lead, in addition to the growth in the size of the operator’s business, to a significant increase in the intellectualization of industries and the downstream application of networked technologies. Based on the operator’s business, companies will vigorously develop core technologies such as chips, operating systems, databases, intelligentness, networking, and national production substitution processes.
\triangleright, a leading global provider of ict solutions, will soon accelerate the construction of core corporate technologies in automobiles, consumer electronics, industrial Internet, financial science and technology, and new energy sources.
At the same time, the power of R & D is strong, and we appreciate the continuing value of the firm’s strong R & D power in new applications. The public \triangleright 5g is not expected to be built as expected, smart cars are not growing as expected, Central American trade is vitiated, and the new crown epidemic is spreading.
Served as a member of the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, deep-covering smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industry, Ishi Yoje, assistant in communications, Master of Arts in Finance from Beijing Foreign Language University, 8th grade in English. Served as a member of the Shanghai Steel Federation ' s Mri Research Center, responsible for motor block research. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, mainly covering the telecommunications industry.
Chen Guangyi, a member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Peking University, specializing in condensate physics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, conducting research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & communication, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.