The quality of business has been steadily improving, with 22 years of net return to mothers increasing by 18.6 per cent over the same year, and in 2022, the Communications and Communications Board achieved $122.95 billion (+7.36 per cent over the same year), while the mother ' s net profit was $8.8 billion (+18.6 per cent over the same year) and the non-net profit was reduced by $6.17 billion (+86.5 per cent over the same period).
Networking, core networks, server products are the main drivers, with companies ranked first in the collection of multiple operators in the country in 22 years. Businesses grew by 11.8% in the same year, mainly as a result of a similar increase in the revenues of service servers and storage products, and have broken through the Internet and finance with multiple head customers, namely,
52-week maximum/lowest price financial database on the re-engineering practices of large State-owned banks and large financial institutions and telecommunications operators; 9.9 per cent increase in consumer operations over the year, mainly due to household information terminals, mobile phone production
The overall Māori rate increased by 1.95 pct in the same year, and the efficiency of business management continued to optimize. The Māori rate for operators increased by 3.77 pct to 46.2% in the same year, which is the main reason for the overall Māori upgrading of companies.
Efficiency gains, management costs and sales costs have decreased by 0.41 pct0.17 pct respectively; and 5 g-related products, chips, servers and inputs in technical areas such as storage and innovation operations have been continuously increased by 15 per cent and R&D costs have increased by 1.15 pct over the same year.
The benefits of the digital economy are growing rapidly, accelerating the second curve. Digital economy-related policies are often available, arithmetic networking and the digital transformation of government demand are strong. 1) Companies publish new generation data centres with electrical modules and liquid cold system products that can reduce data centres to 1.15. 2) Continuous input into distributed data.
Coopoldendb developed and released version 7.0 to meet the core needs of banks and operators in two 11s and billings, in a mixed transaction load scenario. 21 years in a financial-level distributed database, Communications (000063.sz) - Beneficial digital economic development, communications equipment taps and tops.
Market competitiveness number one (Salivin). 3) The 5g sector has built more than 110 5g plus industrial integrations.
The company’s second-curve business grew by more than 40% in 22 years. China Communications (000063.sz) – Double-digit income profits increase, domestic markets continue.
We have nearly 30 years of self-research chip technology accumulation, advanced process design, core ip, architecture and encapsulation design, digitally efficient development platform.
Investment proposals: benefiting the digital economy from high-profile developments in the industry, with corporate second-curve growth gradually materializing. Visible 22 years of steady growth, domestic and international markets, and three major business developments across the board.
Annual income and profits grew steadily in 2022. Figure 2: Business income and rate of increase in the one-season telecommunications cycle (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Net profit and rate of increase in communications in China (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in the middle-growth communications season. Sub-products: corporate business income grew in 22 years on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the same growth in operating networks, government enterprises, and consumer business.
Income from fixed nets, core networks and server products increased on a par; revenues from government enterprises increased by 11.84 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of income from server products increased on a year-on-year basis; revenues from consumer operations increased by 9.93 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of household information terminals and income from mobile phone products increased on a year-on-year basis.
Sub-market view: 22 years of revenue in the domestic market, 85.2 billion yuan (+9.2% of the same year), deep involvement in the construction of 5g, gigabytes of light, arithmetic networks, and further improvement in market share and market pattern.
The international market, with 37.7 billion yuan (+3.4% of the year), has responded positively to the challenges of the external environment by taking advantage of market opportunities such as new 5g construction, modernization of 4g, fixed network access fibre optics, and household broadband products.
A robust growth in operating income on the international market. Figure 5: Corporate income structure for business ownership (in billions of dollars) Figure 6: Global market share of telecommunications equipment
The overall Māori rate rose by 1.95 pct over the same year, and the efficiency of business management continued to optimize. The Māori rate for operators increased by 3.77 pct to 46.2% over the same year, which is the main reason for the overall Māori upgrading of companies.
The administrative and sales rates have fallen by 0.41 pct0.17 pct, respectively, and the 5 g-related technical areas of products, chips, servers and storage, and innovation have been continuously increased, with R & D increasing by 15 per cent over the same period, while the second curve has progressed well and is expected to benefit from rapid developments in the digital economy.
The company has made good progress in its second curve business. The company’s focus on servers and storage, auto electronics, digital energy, 5g applications, etc. has increased its total revenue by 40% over the same period. Servers: the company is the leading server in the telecommunications industry.
\triangleright has reached the top five of the country’s communications servers. Among them, in the telecommunications industry, communications services are ranked first.
Databases: Goldendb became the first national production database to be produced in the country’s central business system and continued to operate steadily for more than three years. According to the Bank’s assessment of the distribution of the financial sector in China, goldendb is at the top of China’s financial-level distributed database.
Digital energy: Companies can now provide adequate communication storage solutions, including, inter alia, high-performance lead-acid batteries and smart lithium batteries. Companies are planning an evolution in communications storage development to upgrade a single lithium storage to a smart storage structure that integrates the “information network + energy network”.
Figure 11: Central communication lead acid batteries and lithium batteries Figure 12: Evolution of central communications storage structures Automobile electronics: the company's car operating system has been certified as asil-d and is in the process of being associated with a gas, long-term security, etc.
The January 2022 edition of the Recommended Directory of Vehicle Chip Extension Applications is expected to open up the automobile market through the “chips plus software” model. 5g Industry: based on the company's extensive experience with the deployment of the 5g network, 5g technology is being applied to industry, industry, industry, industry, and industry.
Several industries, such as energy, transport, ports, mines, health, education, hundreds of applications, and 5g industry applications have made “0-1” breakthroughs and moved to a “1-n” scale. 3 companies have selected “Figures of 5g in 10 major industries in 2022”.
On the occasion of the first anniversary of the publication (2021-2023), Telecommunications World selected, from a large number of cases, a typical application of 5 g in 10 major industries, highlighting it with a view to promoting a 5g-percent career. Three 5g applications involving communications in ports, cultural media, etc. were selected.
The company's 7nm chip was used in 2020 and commercialized in a global 5g-scale deployment. On June 6, 2020, the “one-year anniversary of China's 5g deal”
The version of the multi-mode frame chip and the digital medium-frequency chip can increase the arithmetic by more than four times that of the previous generation of products and reduce the aau power consumption by more than 30%. Corporate ceo also suggests that the introduction of the 5nm chip will reduce the power of the base station by more than 20% per year.
China’s small-scale electronics industry, with nearly 10 billion dollars in revenue, is ranked first in the domestic market. It was ranked third in the country’s chip-design industry as far back as 2015-2017, and for many years in a row as “China’s 10 largest integrated circuit design firms.”
Investment recommendations: benefiting from the boom in the digital economy, with company growth on the second curve gradually materializing. Maintenance of surplus. Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s failure to study it in the past, now or in the future