Corporate Insight Report  Rail Transport Reforms to Enhance Corporate Profit elasticity, Kyogi High Iron (601816.sh)
In 2019, the busiest high-iron line in China received nearly $33 billion.
After becoming one of the preferred modes of travel for the Chinese public, in 2019 the proportion of high iron to rail travels reached 215 million passengers per year.
Driver: High iron fare market-based reforms increase profit elasticity, and road network synergies and flow realizations provide a space for future development. One fare reform: the Kyoto high iron has a floating fare mechanism with the largest second-class up and down ratio at +8.14 per cent, 9.95 per cent, and the business seat floats at +14.30 per cent, respectively.
Two trips provide space for profit. Two trips are needed: our international flights are now down by 90 per cent from the same time, and the need for travel abroad will return to China in the future, affected by the uncertainty of the overseas epidemic, and high-speed trips have been one of the key options for the Chinese public to travel.
As a result of these effects, the flow of the traffic of the Qingjian high iron is expected to accelerate in 2021. 3 power supply: the Qingjian main line is relatively tight, but it has room for optimization. 4 network collaborations: acquisition of the Qingfu High Iron Emblem, and the achievement of the Qingjian high iron growth space. 3 flow realization:
High-iron diversification is a trend, with more than 200 million passengers in traffic, with an international comparison of 10 to 20 billion yuan in traffic: companies listed on the Mid-Japan high-speed railway. 1 Capacity for growth: Japan’s East China Sea passenger transport, which takes on the new backbone of the East Sea Road, has grown at a 16 per cent net profit compound rate for almost 10 years. 2 Profitability: Kyouta.
High Iron Māori leads the lead, and Roe has room for improvement. 3 Operational capacity: East Sea passenger transport and East Japan rail asset-liability ratios are over 60 per cent, and Kyogi is 15 per cent. @ Valuation level: East Japan has a 24-fold and the Grand Deep Railway has a 40-fold surplus.
Dollars, corresponding to 64, 23, 22 times. First coverage, “recommended” rating.
Flexible space, 2021 is expected to be a “quick rise” I. Kyogi high iron: China's busiest high-iron line, close to 330 (i) high-iron industry in 2019: good growth, one of China's public's preferred ways of going out
The country’s demand for high iron passenger traffic has been rising, with a 15 per cent increase in the volume of high iron passenger traffic in 2019 and a 64.4 per cent increase in the proportion of passengers travelling by rail, and an annual increase in the number of high iron passenger traffic, which has been significantly higher than the increase in the number of railway passengers. In 2019, the country’s railway passenger traffic stood at 3.66 billion, or 8.61 per cent, compared with 8.61 per cent; and the country’s high iron passenger traffic stood at 2.36 billion, or the same rate.
A 14.8 per cent increase was recorded in 2019, when the country ' s railway passenger traffic was 1.0706.6 billion kilometres, an increase of 3.96 per cent over the same period; and the country ' s high iron passenger traffic, which is 64.4 per cent annually, and the high iron passenger turnover, which is 52.7 per cent, accounted for an increasing proportion of rail passenger transport, with high iron being of great importance and growth.
Figure 1: Changes in and increase in passenger traffic by rail in China (2008-2019) Figure 2: Changes in and increase in passenger traffic by high iron in China (2008-2019)
In one instance, the world has built the longest and highest-standard high-speed railway. On April 18, 2008, the entire line was inaugurated. On June 30, 2011, the main line was opened, 1318 km long. It is one of the world ' s largest and highest-technology high-speed railways.
Operation, with a target speed of 350 km/hour, and a minimum tracking interval of 3 minutes for the design of the train between sectors. The three main cities of Shanghai and Hebei, Shandong, Anhui and Jiangsu provinces have 24 stations and 5 terminal stations on the entire line. The "8 and 8" high-speed railway owner of the medium- and long-term railway network plan was revised in 2016.
One of the corridors; the Plan proposes a project for the construction of the second high-speed railway line, “Beijing-Tianjin-Tianjin-East Camp-Kyoto-Shanghai.” As of January 2019, Kyouta was the world’s longest-line, highest-standard high-speed railway, and the largest investment project since China’s establishment.
On 30 September of that year, the entire line of the high-speed railway line (both home and cross-line) in Kyouta accumulated 99.19 million cars and 1,085 million passengers.
China’s busiest high-speed railways: 1% of business miles cover 6% of the railway industry’s passenger traffic, and regional advantages guarantee passenger transport requirements. According to the National Statistical Office, the administrative area through which the Kyouta high-speed railway runs in 2018 is approximately 6.5% of the country’s total land area, with 27.32% of the country’s resident population, and with 35.20% of the country’s gdp, is unique.
District advantage. In 2019, the high-speed railway operated approximately 1 per cent of the country ' s total railway mileage, sending 215 million passengers across the line, or 5.87 per cent of the total number of passengers in the railway industry, and completing 95.61 billion kilometres of passenger traffic, or 6.58 per cent of passenger traffic in the railway industry.
In the last three years, the country’s railways, which account for 1 per cent of the country’s railways, have been responsible for 6 per cent of the country’s passenger and passenger traffic, and the country’s railways have been busier than other high-speed railways. The proportion of passenger traffic in the high-speed railways has remained relatively stable. As the economy along the high-speed railways has grown and people have grown.
(iii) Commercial mode: passenger transport and road network services contribute major revenues, operating under a commissioning mode of transport management
Passenger transport refers to the provision of high-iron transport services and the collection of fares for passengers travelling on trains; road network services refer to the use of lines, the use of contact networks, etc., when the train operated by other railways operates on the high-speed railway in Kyoto.
The road network clearing operations accounted for 51.66 per cent of cases; passenger transport and road network clearing operations accounted for an overall comparable share, but the road network revenue share showed a positive increase. Passenger transport operations followed a commissioned transport management model.
Lines, buildings, electrical power installations, etc., account for 81.32% of the net fixed assets. The high-speed railway transport assets are separated from the transport production operations. The high-speed railway is responsible for the regulation and product design of the use of the high-speed railway lines and equipment, and other passenger transport-related matters are entrusted to a third-party agency.
The management of transport organizations, transport facility equipment, transport mobile equipment management, transport safety production management, railway land management, etc. are entrusted to the Beijing Bureau Group, the Jinan Bureau Group and the Shanghai Bureau Group along the Kyoto Highway Railways, which use the relevant lines to prepare and maintain them, and to supervise their management and pay for the costs associated with the commissioning of transport management.
The management of the Towed Power and the Operation Maintenance of Power Facilities was entrusted to the Central Iron Electrification Authority Group, which supervises the work of the Central Iron Electrification Authority Group and pays maintenance charges to the Central Electrification Authority Group by Kyong Gae.
Road network revenues are accounted for in a consolidated manner by the Financial Clearing Centre of Railways. Railway companies sell tickets through the 12306 website, and ticket revenues enter China Railways and are liquidated by the China Railways Clearing Centre.
(iv) Performance: close to $33 billion received in 2019 and around 2020 under the new crown disease;
In 2019, the company collected nearly $33 billion, with a net profit of nearly $12 billion. In 2019, it earned $32,924 million, an increase of 5.72 per cent, and in 2019, a net gain of $11,937 million, an increase of 16.48 per cent. From 2013, it received $18.2 billion, and in the first half of 2020, 95.9 million passengers were transported by the train, a decrease of 61.7 per cent.
Operating mileage of 32.357,000 miles, a decrease of 21.3 per cent over the same period; operating mileage of 8,547,000 miles for the line train under JFK, an increase of 54.2 per cent over the same period; company revenues in the first half of 2020 amounted to $10.50 billion, or 40.1 per cent over the same period; and operating two, high iron fare market reform, increased profit elasticity, and road network synergies and flows.
(i) Price reform: the marketization of the high iron passenger price has deepened, raising the profits of the high metal in Kyoto. In 2017, China Railways issued a circular on matters related to the adjustment of the liquidation of the high-iron passenger movement (GLN [2017]162) to settle the road network according to the actual conditions of the train, with a new price calculation and a partial service fee for the use of the line.
From 2015, railways began to use large data-based analysis to pilot floating fare mechanisms; in 2018, the railway sector published a three-time floating policy for moving group fares: 1; high-end sublet fares, mainly needles.
For the first class of 200-250 km of cars, the price of the first class is increased by 33-35%.
On October 24, 2020, Kyoto High Steel issued an announcement to optimize the adjustment of the price of the gold in Kyoto.
The announcement clearly established a floating fare mechanism, with the maximum up and down ratio of second class to +8.14%, 9.95%, and the business seat to +14.30%, providing room for increased profits. The announcement specified that the floating fare mechanism would be implemented with effect from 23 December 2020. Specifically, the maximum executive fare of the Beijing South Station - Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Station - class II was adjusted to $598 and the minimum enforcement ticket was adjusted to $598.
In our view, this high-price adjustment programme is a further pilot exploration of the country’s high-iron market-based pricing, helping to improve the resilience of the high-iron industry, and providing room for companies to increase their profits. The ratio of business to second-class seats has been raised from three to 3.5 times, reflecting the market for different services in the high-iron industry.
According to the business seat, first class, and second-class comparison between Beijing South station and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge site, currently published on the railway's 12306 website, 3.16 and 1.68 times. Thus, this optimisation programme has increased the value of the business seat by a factor of multiples, with an appropriate increase in the price of the first class. We believe that, based on the public service attributes of China's tall iron, the price of this high iron passenger is higher.
The core philosophy of merit optimization is that, on the basis of marketized pricing, appropriate upward control is given to second-class and first-class prices, which are primarily intended for the general public, while allowing for a certain amount of floor space to ensure stability in the passenger rate of the first- and second-class car; and that a certain increase in the price of business seats to high-end demand can help support companies to improve their performance.
(ii) Travel demand: the economic development along the route supports the demand for high-speed iron passenger transport, the exit flow and the spread of the disease, and the steady economic development along the Kyoto River will guarantee the demand for passenger transport.
Seven provinces and cities (Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shandong, Anhui, Jiangsu and Shanghai) are active in economic development. Seven years ago, 35.2% of the country’s gdp was higher in five provinces and cities than in the country.
This is due to the higher share of the economy, the larger population, and the high number of trades in Kyoto, which has led to a slightly higher rate of passenger arrivals than the full line. The rate of passenger arrivals has risen slightly from 75.8% on the whole line.
Demand will return to China, and high-iron travel has been one of the key options for the Chinese public to travel, with the combined effect of the gradual introduction of vaccines and the growing sophistication of the railway network. The flow of traffic to the high-speed Kyouta railway is expected to accelerate in 2021. (iii) Supply of power: the main line of traffic is relatively tight, but there is room for optimization.
The Kyogi High Railway is built using the world's first-class high-iron technology, with a full-line train running at a target speed of 350 km/hour, and a minimum three-minute tracking interval between the design areas. The Kyogi High-speed Railway is open for approximately 0:30 to 4.30 pm, and a rectangular high-speed maintenance window is open for approximately 0:30 to 4.30 pm.
In the operation chart, an empty capability fee “triangular zone” is created. There is therefore a certain amount of operational time within the different sections of the route, which allows the use of operational time and car spacing to extract parallel operating map pass capability across the sectors. Of this, the Beijing-Shanghai sector runs between 7:00 and 1900, and the 5min runs between 144 pairs of capacity/day.
For example, in the eastern-southern sector of Xuzhou, the Qui High Iron has not reached saturated levels within the sector, but it is not operational because of the bottlenecks in the eastern-south Qu State.
The number of trains has risen. Since the opening of the Qingjong Iron, there has been no increase in the average number of trips per day, from 210 to more than 500; the rate at high speed, the rate at which the 300 kmm/h train has risen from 63.81 per cent in 2011 to 98 per cent in 2017. In September 2017, the “Recovery” standard Chinese motors were operating for the first time at 350 km per hour in the Qingjian Trail.
Ten rows of 250 km/h move and are all cross-line trains. Low-time train runs have an impact on the efficiency of the train's operating arrangements and on the ability of the line to pass. The rise in cross-line trains affects the number of high-speed trains in Kyoto.
Most of the trains are cross-line trains, whose share is down from year to year, and 19.35% of the total in 2018. Normally, the average stop-time for the train is 4.1min, which is higher than the average stop-time for the train 2.7min. The interface stations for the train are Beijing South, Jinanxi, Xuzhou East, Hong Kong South, Nankingnan, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge, etc.
And in 2017, the “Chart 7.1” opened only 10 rows of 250 km/h, all across the line. The “Recovery” was involved in the operation, increasing passenger capacity. At present, the “Recovery” line runs primarily on the “Recovery” line.
Man, it's a 7.5% increase over the 16 formations. As more long-column trains become operational, there is still room for a fixed increase in the power of the main line of the Jingjong Iron Line. In addition, the capacity of the train can be improved by reducing the proportion of the cross-line train and stopping the cross-line train movement of the low-time train 250km/h.
Higher operating loads and slower growth in revenue. According to the TDC high-priced benchmark, the price of high iron first-class seats is 1.6 times that of ordinary second-class seats, and the ratio of high iron first-class seats to second-class seats is 1:7. The mileage of Beijing South Station to Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Unit is 0.42 yuan/km, while the daily rate of 100% passenger arrivals is approximately 252.479 million, with a daily peak of income of 114 million.
(iv) Road network collaboration: the collection of funds for the acquisition of a company called the Golden Fountain Co. and the creation of a fast, easy and high-speed network. In July 2016, the National Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Transport and the former General Director of Railways developed a network of fast, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed iron networks.
The Department issued the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Plan (Baselines for Development (2016) 1536), which clearly states that by 2025, the railway network will have reached about 175,000 km, of which about 38,000 km are high-speed railways, network coverage will be further expanded, network structure will be more optimized, backbones will be more prominent and railways will be better able to play their role as guarantors of economic and social development.
To achieve internal and external connectivity, open inter-district access, high-trail connectivity in provincial capitals, rapid access in local cities, and basic district coverage. To promote the construction of the main “eight-and-eight-thirteen” rail corridor on the basis of a full-scale “four-way” high-speed rail backbone; to cover the entire country's railway network; to cover cities with a permanent population of more than 200,000; to cover more than 80 per cent of the major cities with a high-speed railway network; and to transport passengers on a mobile train.
The company's ipo funds acquired 65% of JFK's shares and built a network of synergized roads. According to the Board, the company's ipo collected funds to buy 65% of JFK's shares.