The company is the country's purest gold-marketing leader.
The company currently has 968 tons of gold equity and 324 tons of equity reserves, the second largest in the country; almost 40 tons of mine gold in 2018.
Gold prices are determined by the relative value of gold and credit money. Gold is an international currency, and gold prices are national.
Credit and gold exchange rates. We find that the value of gold is determined by the value of gold relative to the value of the value of the value of the money. In particular, the relative value of the dollar to the value of the gold, the dollar index and the real rate of return on United States debt are clearly negatively related to the price of gold; and risk avoidance can disturb the price of gold in the short term.
At this point in time, trade frictions, geo-stress, etc., have led to an increase in risk avoidance, with the value of the gold set-up highlighted; and, for the first time in almost a decade, the US Markit manufacturing pmi has fallen below the glory line, and the return on the US debt has fallen over a long period of time.
Signs suggest that the US economy is at risk of recession, with the Fed entering a interest-reduction cycle. And the US government’s high debt and currency surge have led to a rise in US sovereign risk, and the dollar’s declining share of global foreign-exchange reserves suggests a relative recession in the US, with the dollar’s index center moving further.
Production is expected to increase continuously, with high-quality assets injected into the pipeline. Companies increase their original mine production through the consolidation of mining bodies, the expansion of mining areas, and increased exploration inputs.
By the end of 2018, the Mountain Group had 763 tons of non-listed gold reserves and produced nearly 8.5 tons per year. According to a company announcement issued in 2019, the Mountain Group expected to start transferring some of its mining rights to 2020.
Shandong gold, which corresponds to a reserve of about 53.65 tons of gold ore resources, tops, combined with cost advantages, high long-term growth security factors, giving a certain value premium.
Gold from Shandong: the progressive gold industry leader company 1.1 Expeditions to establish the industry leader gold from Shandong was set up in 2000 by five enterprises, including the Shandong gold group, to effectively control the human race.
In keeping with the concept of “resources first” and in line with the principle of “in-country procurement”, the public administration controls and operates 12 high-quality mines in the country; in 2017, it acquired the international gold giant Baric.
Gold is the country’s leading gold-producing company, with 968 tons of gold equity resources and 324 tons of equity reserves, after the purple gold mine. The company’s total mineral production in 2018 was about 40 tons, a year-on-year increase.
At the same time, in the context of the country’s declining rate of gold production, the company’s mining and gold markets have been rising continuously, and the industry’s leadership has become stronger. Figure 4: Corporate gold production is the country’s first (tons) in the world.
1.2 Gold from mines contributes the main profits and performance is influenced by gold prices, which account for 31 per cent/19 per cent. However, alloys from mines contribute about 95 per cent of gross profits, while gold from alloys and gold from small gold accounts for 1 per cent/0.5 per cent, respectively.
The main reason for the rise in net profits from 1h19th and the return of mothers is that the value of the company’s mineral gold rose sharply. In the first half of the year, the public sector produced 20.5 tons of mineral gold, + 5.8% of the year; and the sale price was 275 yuan/g, a 2% increase in the same year.
Figure 7: Increased impact of the company's 1h19th battalion on the value of gold 8: The company's 1h19 net profit from the company increased by 8.6%. Multifactorial resonance is expected to increase the price of gold further
2.1 Duplicate: The relative value of gold and credit money determines the price of gold, and the risk-free mood causes short-term disturbances: gold is a universal currency, and gold is the exchange rate between credit currency and gold. “Golden is not a currency, but money is a currency, and gold and silver is a gold currency, because it is evenly distributed, scarce enough, valuable and easy to divide.
When the Bretton Woods system collapsed, the gold, although gradually faded out of the international payment system, played an important role in the international monetary system because of its scarcity, low output, and not easily manipulated advantages. So gold is like a universal currency, gold prices.
It's the exchange rate between the credit currency and the gold. Through a review of the trend in gold prices following the collapse of the Bretton Woods system, we find that cash prices are determined by the relative value of the gold and the credit currency.
At this point in time, gold prices are expected to rise further. On the one hand, trade frictions and geophysical tensions exist.
The US sovereign risk rises, the dollar falls, or the US dollar continues to fall in the center of the dollar index. Meanwhile, global economic growth slows down, the cycle of easing, and the price of credit money.
The value is weakened, the price of gold is likely to rise in the medium to long term. 2.2 The risk avoidance mood is warming, and the value of the gold allocation is highlighted. Since the beginning of the year, trade frictions have reappeared, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East are tense, and Britain is facing a lack of access.
In view of the rise in US trade protectionism, Trump has repeatedly created international disputes, and we believe that external uncertainty is still likely to rise further, and that gold is the source of uncertainty.
As a high-quality risk-avoidance asset, the value of the configuration is significant. Figure 13: Recurring trade frictions in Central America and the United States since the beginning of the year 2.3 Feds will further reduce interest rates and move downwards in the dollar index
The US economy showed signs of recession, and the Federal Reserve further reduced interest rates. 1) pmi fell below the glistening line. As a forward-looking indicator of economic growth, the US Markit manufacturing pmi index has continued since its peak in March last year.
It fell to 49.9 in August 2019, falling for the first time in almost a decade below the Line of Glory; 2) pce price. Figure 15: US pce price index failure.
The yield spread has continued to narrow since 2014. On August 14, the spreads were even reversed for the first time since 2007.
The US Federal Reserve is likely to reduce interest rates even further. Historically, the 10-year-to-two-year US debt yields have been reversed, often opening up the Fed’s interest-rate-reduction route to sustain economic expansion; and higher unemployment in the US often leads to the Fed’s growth.
The Federal Reserve lowered the federal fund target rate by 25bp to 2.00%-2.25% in July, the first time since 2008, and again announced a 25bp reduction in September, bringing federal fund target interest rates down to 1.75% to 2.00%. Considering that the current unemployment rate in the United States is at the bottom of history, there is limited room to go down.
In the long run, the US sovereign debt risk has risen, the dollar position has declined, and the dollar index has moved downwards.
The US sovereign credit risk is rising rapidly, and foreign investors’ confidence is falling. The US outstanding state debt has continued to rise since the 1970s, accounting for more than 100% of the gdp margin. Against a background of rising debt ratios, the US has a large excess currency, m2/gdp rising.
America’s relative decline in power, its dollar position, and its dollar index will continue to decline. As a result of the rapid rise of emerging economies such as China, the United States’ global share of gdp continued to decline, up from 1985.
33.9% fell to 24% in 2018. The relative decline in power led to a weakening of the dollar’s international position, with the dollar’s share of foreign reserves falling from 72.7% in 2001 to 61.8% in 2018.
Sovereign risks are accumulating, the dollar position will decline further, and the dollar index hub will continue to decline. Figure 21: United States gdp’s global share of the world’s foreign exchange reserves is declining
2.4 A slowdown in the world economy, with a global boom in interest-reduction Pmi, which has fallen rapidly since its peak in 2017, to 49.3 in July 2019 and to less than 50 for the first time since the end of 2012;
China, the euro zone, and other mainstream economic institutions have all entered the bottom-down zone and dropped the pmi. Global economic growth slowed, imf adjusted the gdp growth forecast.
In September, the ECB also pushed the eurozone economy from 2019 to 2020. Figure 25: Global manufacturing pmi has fallen below the glory line.
Figure 24: Rapid decline in manufacturing pmi in major economies Figure 27: Imf projects a global decline in gdp
Interest rates have been reduced in large economies, as a result of a slowdown in economic growth, inflation, and expectations. Since the beginning of the year, more than 30 economies, including the United States, Australia, New Zealand and others, have announced interest reductions, four times by India and four times by Australia and Ukraine.
The ECB sets down its economic growth expectations for the next two years, reboots qe at the same time as it does, and the easing super-market expectations. Figure 28: Global entry into the cut-off wave
3. The company has access to high-quality gold and gold prices, which have benefited significantly from 3.1 gold ore endowments, which have opened the process of overseas deployment.
According to company announcements, Shandong is a gold resource and gold-producing province, and the Gudong Peninsula gold mine concentrates a quarter of the country's gold resource reserves. The company owns 12 mines in the country, 9 of which are located in Gudong Peninsula and the remaining 3 are located in Inner Mongolia, Fujian and Gansu.
For many years in a row, a gold mine, a new city gold mine and a gold mine are ranked as “China's 10 largest gold-producing mines”. The company owns 831 tons of gold resources and 245 tons of equity reserves in the country.
In 2017, the company acquired 50% of the shares of the Belladro gold mine and completed the first step of the strategic layout of the overseas resources. The Belladro gold mine is the second largest gold mine in South America, with about 274 tons of gold.
The acquisition of Beradero Juli opened up the foreign investment window. According to the Strategic Cooperation Agreement between Shandong Gold and Barrick Yellow Gold, after the acquisition of the Belladro gold mine, the company joined forces to optimize and develop the gold.
To increase the value of the gold mine, the Shandong gold group, or a key partner in Baric, will develop the Pascua-lama mine on the border between Argentina and Chile. At the same time, the Shandong gold group may also invest in projects in the El Indio gold belt.
3.2 Production is expected to increase steadily, with significant cost advantages, and steady production in four mining areas ensures that the company’s mineral gold remains high. About 60% of the company’s gold is produced in four mining areas.
Consolidation, expansion of mining areas, increased exploration inputs, etc., to maintain a stable level of mining. These include: the expansion of mining areas in the Trisan Island mine and the Linglong gold mine; an increase of 700 to 3,000 tons per day per day in the Karo gold mine; and an increase in processing capacity in the New City mining area from 6,500 to 8,000 tons per day.
The company’s main mines have a high grade and a significant mining cost advantage. The four main types of mines in the company’s country provide production to the major mining areas mainly for the breaking of corrosive molten rock and quartz-type ore, the size of the deposits and the high continuity of the mineral body.
In 2017, China’s own-owned gold mining cost averaged $715 per ounce, and the company’s domestic cost averaged just $681.6 per ounce. In addition, the company continues to promote automation and smart control, increasing mining efficiency.
The average loss and impoverishment rates in the company ' s own mines are one of the lowest in the industry. Figure 35: Cash cost of corporate own-owned cash is lower than the domestic average Chart 36: The Māori ratio of Shandong gold is higher than that of other mainstream gold enterprises
Figure 38: Poverty rate of the company ' s domestic gold mines Figure 37: Loss rate of the company ' s domestic gold mines 3.3 Quality asset infusion period with high security of continued development
The company’s first shareholder is the Shandong Gold Group, which actually controls the Sandong Provincial State Finance Committee. The UFO has continued to gain access to high-quality mineral resources. By the end of 2018, the group had a gold reserve of 1731 tons, an increase of 1.85%, compared to 1.85%.
In 2016, there was an increase of 23.91 per cent, of which 762.76 tons of non-listed gold remained in stock and 8.44 tons of non-listed gold. The Tandong gold group promised to gradually transfer mining rights to Shandong gold when the time came, and the injection of good-quality assets would provide higher guarantees for the company ' s continued development.
Figure 40: Growth of gold prospecting in Shandong Gold Group 4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals  Core assumptions
London gold averaged approximately $1,400 per ounce, 19q3 at the end of $1,500 per ounce, assuming 19q4 at $1,500 per ounce, with an average gold price of $1425 per ounce in 2019; up to 50 tons, we conservatively expect mineral gold production to reach 48 tons by 2020, compared to 2021 in the same year.
We have chosen as comparable companies the main gold companies in the country, such as the Purple Mining and Central Gold. The most pure gold-head companies, which have significantly better resource endowments than their counterparts, are expected to produce more in 2020.
By 20%, the build-up of medium- and long-term parent’s assets is expected to increase, and we give the company a 20% valuation premium. Gold production in the mines is less than expected: according to the announcement, the company’s gold production in the mine at the end of the 13th Five is 50 tons, with a negative impact on the company’s profits if production falls short of expectations.
Gold-related operations contribute 99% of the revenue and 96% of the profits to the company, and the firm’s performance is certain if the price of gold fluctuates significantly.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment