\triangleright \triangleright 0.44 ptt. The overall cost rate remains stable, and the administrative cost rate increases are mainly due to increases in employee remuneration, research and development
The significant increase in the cost rate is mainly due to the increase in the salaries of employees and the consumption of research and development materials.
\triangleright Class Suv, the company as Tier1 for its exclusive supply of front-and-back lights, which are controlled by the company's autonomous multipixel adb system, in conjunction with the millions of dlp modules developed jointly by China, can be used in the future.
According to China City data, the value of the dlp lamp is 30,000 yuan. The Chinese market is worth more than half a million.
In April 2025, the lead generation's smart lighting system was officially opened, from being a light controller for the brain to being an executor.
3. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) series II: 50,000 downstreams, with a record of 400,000 class-class national cars with the fastest blasts, are expected to be a full addition to performance.
The Smart Automobile Electronics and Visual Systems Industry Centre project was officially launched to provide firm \triangleright support for the long-term development of the company.
4. Quality project officially launched. The project will build six main plants with a total building area of about 250,000 square metres, and full-scale project growth engine taps will continue to hit 2024/08/
The postnatal period will result in the production of an aggregate of about 10 million smart car lamps per year, significantly increasing the number of companies typographical, intelligent manufacturing levels, and effectively addressing the capacity gap over the next 5-10 years. Investment proposals: high-quality headlights, joint brand supply chains + autonomous brand supply chains.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.