At the end of the year, the year of wine and beauty began.
• “The first share of domestic beer” is a 100-year-old classic, Qingdao and Mt.: Qingdao's beer is deep, and the alcohol industry has been a hundred-year-old and has maintained the highest brand value in China's beer industry for 19 years. Green beverages were built in 1903, marketed as the first beer company in 1993, and have been listed as “four generations of leaders” after being listed: Peng's merger and acquisition.
In the tidal era, production rose from 350,000 tons in 1996 to 2,510,000 tons in 2001, and in five years the cagr was 100 million yuan and in 11 years the cagr was 37.3 per cent; in the “one set” of Sun Mingbo products, the branding strategy was adjusted to a two-brand strategy called Qingjima + Mt., which constantly promoted the upgrading of the quality of corporate products; in the era of high-end growth in Huang Kechen, 2021
The top five, the price has declined, and the high ends are on the rise: the top five are mature, and the city is stable. According to the Ew, in 2021, the city of Cr5 was 73.0%, and the city of Crayon 17.8%.
This represents a strong market demand. Short-term costs are expected to increase the profitability of the liquor industry, which will contribute to the upgrading of the industry in the long term.
On 27 July, except for the 11.6 per cent increase in barley prices, the average monthly prices of aluminium, glass and paper boxes fell by 20.0 per cent/30.4 per cent and 4.8 per cent respectively.
Since 2009, the company has continued to launch the high-end product lines of August and Hong Kong, which are eight to nine years ahead of the competitive high-end series, with a price of $3,742 per kilolitre (Yoy+7.0 per cent) in 2021.
The company has the only national priority microbe fermentation laboratory in the beer industry, a high-level research and development team with 550 company patents in 2021, 439 more than the second 111 patents.
In 1998, the company launched the Qingjia Junjia, and captured the 6-8 dollar segment of the market and captured the consumer's mind. All-round: Performance Supermarket expectations, concluding the campaign to create brand dynamism, the company is an official sponsor of the Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics in 2022, in 62 cities across the country.
The city's 200+tsingtao 1903 beer bar offers a immersion branding experience, signed as a spokesperson in June 2022, and is popular with young people. Innovative stereo resources, deep-drawing base market.
Qingdao Beer (60000): o1 Performance `Great Client + Micro-Operation' Mode, Co-Embracing Underline Stereo Sales Channel, 2021, Company Shandong, Fits for Expectations, Productions Up High
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on firm retrenching status and strong product strength with strong canals in the dominant areas.
A hundred-year-old German-British beer company, Qingjia Beer Co. Ltd., known as Qingdao Beer Precursor, was founded in 1903 in 19 consecutive years.
In 1993, Qingdao Liquor Co. Ltd. was listed in the H and a shares. As our oldest beer brand and a beer company, Qingdao's beer has strong brand influence and high visibility in both the domestic and foreign markets, 2022.
For 19 years, Qingdao's brand value of $21,825 million has been the highest in China's beer industry, while Qingdao and its sub-brands have accumulated over $340 billion. Qingdao's beer is now the leading business in the domestic beer industry, with companies in Shandong region.
It's an absolute advantage to stay in the north of China. Looking back at the 100-year history of the green beaver, its development can be divided into four stages: (1) Peng's era (1996-2001): the first shot of the M & A wave, and in 1996, Peng's role as managing director of the company as the first person to start the beer business and buy it.
In the remaining acquisitions, company output rose from 350,000 tons in 1996 to 2,510,000 tons in 2001, and in the five-year period of the Golden Shige era (2001-2012): the expansion of the outreach to an internal extension driven by the General Manager of the Corporation in 2001, which adjusted the strategy of “extension expansion” to “enlargement of the content”
Reproduction, recasting the "Big to Big" approach to "Big to Big." Meanwhile, in 2008, the company proposed a channel model for "Big Client + Logo" and the size of the company's revenue grew rapidly in 2001-2012, from $5.28 billion to (3) Sun Minbo era (2012-2018): from "with a bottle" to "with a set"
In 2012, Sun Mingbo, the chief manager of the company and a brewer of Sun Mingbo, led the company's technological upgrading and product upgrading during his tenure, during which the company gradually introduced such high-end products as August, Hong Kong, and Qingdao beer ipa, and in 2015, the company's branding strategy was reoriented into a two-brand strategy of Qingjima + Yaoyama, which continuously promotes the upgrading of the quality of the company's products.
(4) The Huang Keen era (2018-present): led the upturn in high-end products, in 2018, the "Master of Marketing" was the president of the company. After taking office, Huang Kee Heung will pursue the 1+1 brand strategy, focusing on the main brands Qingjia and the second brand Qing Ming Mountain, and using the name "Claude Leadership, the "Claude Leader" proposed by Huang Kee Heung.
The six strategic directions of innovation drive, quality first, yield priority, structural optimization, and coordinated development continue to promote high-quality corporate development. In 2021, companies have sold more than 100 countries and territories around the world, selling 793 million litres of beer and generating business income of $30.17 billion.
Figure 2: Qingdao beer development history 1.2. Management teams complement each other, and equity incentives inject dynamism 1.2.1. Management teams are experienced and useful for corporate development
Management team competencies are complementary, and senior management shares fully safeguard staff motivation. The management team has a rich professional experience, and President Wong Khein has been Assistant President and Head of Strategic Investment Management Headquarters, Vice-President, Managing Director and Marketing President, with experience in strategic planning, investment management, business management, marketing and brand management in the beer industry.
On June 21, 2022, Kang Jong-sung was appointed Managing Director and Supply Chain President, and Hu Xiu Yin was appointed Director of Finance, and the senior management team was well-versed to accelerate the upgrading of corporate products and sustain sustainable development. At the same time, equity incentives allowed senior managers to hold corporate shares and fully safeguard employee motivation, with the chairman holding 151,000 shares (0.01% of total stock), and the head of the board holding 151,000 shares (0.01% of total stock),
Incentives have been phased out and have become more extensive. Corporate Incentives are planned to publish a draft in March 2020, with a limit of 10,000 shares, or 1.0 per cent of the total equity, for 638 members of management and core cadres.
1.8 per cent of total employees in 2020, the stock incentive scheme worked well, with companies completing net profits in 2020-2021, with net profit growth of no less than 70 per cent in 2021, and a third release period.
In 2022, the net profit growth rate was no less than 90%, a high-quality state business background that attracted foreign investment. Qingdao beer was effectively controlled by the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, which held 32.51% of the shares through the Qingdao Beer Group Limited.
It provided world-class business and technology resources, bought nearly 20 per cent of the green beer in Japan in 2009, raised the value of the brand in China, united strongly, granted 17.99 per cent of the shares to the Resurveilla Group in 2017, and has lost all company shares to the end of May, with little impact on the company ' s business, and Qingdao beer will remain focused on the company ' s business.
Figure 3: Corporate equity structure 1.3. Product matrix is clear and adheres to the Aoshima + Yaoyama brand strategy.
The brand development strategy of “1+1” has been in place since 2016, with Qingdao beers as the main brand, covering mainly mid-to-high-end beer systems; Xiaoshan beers as the second brand, covering mainly low-end beer series for the general public. The company has a well-developed product matrix, with all price bands covered to meet different consumer needs, with the main beers being the first to begin with.
The introduction of high-end products in Qingjia as early as 1988 and the introduction of high-end products in 2020, such as ambera and ambera, have led to consumer currents in the company ' s super-high-end markets, enhanced the competitiveness of the company ' s products and demonstrated the firm ' s determination to continue to make strong middle- and high-end products, selling a total of 7.93 million litres (yoy+1.4 per cent) in 2021.
The main brand name, Qingjia, sold 4,329,000 litres of beer (vov+11.6%). 1.4. Product transformation is high-end and profitability is significantly improving.
High-end product sales have been rising year by year, leading to a gradual increase in profitability, with companies selling high-end products accounting for 2.
The beer industry is growing in concentration, with the five main leaders occupying 70% of the market share. In the twenty-first century, as the market continues to progress, capital forces are involved, and a merger took place between 2000 and 2010.
During this period, the expansion focused on increasing production and sales, giving more weight to revenue than profit levels. Through mergers and acquisitions, less advantaged local beer producers were absorbed by leading companies, the beer industry was integrated, the market was growing, and the advantage of such firms in terms of size was emerging, with efficiency gains and high productivity.
By 2016, the beer industry had become basically a five-story competition for Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Bwa, Chongqing beer, and Yinjing beer.
The annual rate of players is also relatively stable. According to EUW International, the Chinese beer industry reached 73% in 2021, with 25.1% of the beer industry, 17.8% of the beer in Qingjia, and 16.1% of the beer in Qingjia, and 7.1% of the beer in Yinjing, more than 6.9%.
2.2. Product structure upgrades, tonnage increases, high-end pathways are clear. 2.2.1. Beer consumption transitions, high-end product share rises. Higher-end shift in the beer industry is driven by rising consumption. National incomes are rising as the economy continues to grow.
The rising demand for quality in consumption has also led to an improvement in the structure of beer consumption. According to the E-Wise data sheet, the sales of $7 and below in 2021 accounted for 66% of the sales and still account for the bulk of the sales, but as consumption rises, the acceptance of the medium- and high-end beer market is increasing, with prices in the middle and high-priced beers in the last 10 years.
The share of sales increased from 13.3% in 2011 to 22.12% in 2021. Meanwhile, according to the Chinese Alcohol Association, sales of beer have declined since 2013, with a marked negative increase in both 2015 and 2020.
As the younger population continues to become the main consumer of beer, the influence and acceptance of high-end beer in the Chinese market has increased rapidly. In addition to the 2020 epidemic, there is a strong demand for beer.
The impact has been a 20% + increase in the range of refined beers between 2017 and 2021, much higher than the increase in the total sales of beer. In 2021, the sale of refined beers emerged from the epidemic, rebounded quickly and made a breakthrough, reaching 3.7 thousand litres (vov+43%), showing strong market demand.
Wai acquired a boxing cat brewer in 2017, with the intention of pre-empting China’s brewing beer market and maintaining its leadership position at the high end of the track. In addition, the brewing of beer was introduced late in China, and there was much room for improvement during the rapid growth of culture and consumption.
2.2.2. High-end collusive cost pressure, with price increases becoming the new norm in the beer industry. Raw materials and packages for beer businesses are the main cost component, with a change in net interest rate of 0.3% per 1% of package cost.
In addition to direct material costs, the cost component includes direct labour costs (5%), manufacturing costs (24%) and other non-main business (2%). The change in the cost of an average package of 1% of the later cost will affect the change in the corresponding net interest rate of 0.3%.
Short-term downside costs have increased the profitability of alcohol companies, and long-term cost pressures on raw materials have driven the industry up the high end. In the short run, barley prices have been rising, and the cost of packaged materials has been falling, with average monthly prices falling in packaged aluminium, glass, and paper boxes from 1 March to 27 July 2022, in addition to the 11.6% increase in raw materials.
Qingdao Beers: The product is high-end, the channel efficiency is high, the power is strong, the leaders of the high-end path, the innovative channel model, the stationary market, the constant efficiency gains, the power of Qingdao's beer, the strength of a strong king. Research, production, marketing, the three pillars of the beer industry, are at the heart of future growth.
Motivation. The key to the success of the beer industry is: (a) to develop research and development, build up a matrix of high-end products and create a strong brand image; (b) to develop efficient distribution of channels, secure terminals and capture the base market; and (c) to optimize production, improve quality efficiency and achieve a deep division of labour.
Qingdao's beer is undoubtedly the leader of the high-end beer product and is constantly improving its distribution patterns, with a strong grip on the fast-changing end market. The strategic vision of Qingdao's beer will lead to its position as a king in the future.
A well-developed product matrix, with a steady increase in sales of high-end products, a well-developed corporate product matrix, and a “Qingdao + Mt.” product mix strategy to meet different consumer needs. Since 2015, the company has implemented the “1+1” branding strategy, with Qingdao beer as its main brand and Qingshan beer as its second largest brand.
The company now has a full-price belt with prices above $9 for high-end and above, including mainly August, Hongqing, ipa, pure-life series, with medium/medium high-value products including white beverages, classic 1903, classics, etc., at a price below $6.00 for generic and below-grade products, including Qingdao and Qingshan brands.
The Qingdao beer product matrix is well configured to meet the differentiated needs of consumers at all levels of consumption. Table 4: Qingdao's main beer product, the company's high-end is starting faster than the competition for nearly 10 years.
High-end products such as Pearson, ipa sprouts, ampolags, and so forth, are clearly early in their deployment, with a more forward-looking view within the industry. The high-end transformation has been successful, leading to rising prices.
The sales of high-end products such as beer have risen steadily, reaching 17,92 million litres in 2020; the sales of high-end products have increased from 20.58 per cent in 2016 to 22.92 per cent in 2020. The overall price of water has also risen steadily, from 7.0 per cent to $3,742 per 1,000 litres in 2021 and the company ' s total tonnage.
The highest level is third in the cr5, after the high-end champions, BMW, and heavy beer. 3.1.2. The leading R & D capabilities in industry help upgrade products, build pure explosives. The company has the only state-level laboratory in China, and the product research and development capabilities lead the industry.
The only national priority microbe fermentation laboratory, with a high level of research and development team, a high level of basic research capability, has formed a number of autonomous intellectual property rights, maintaining a leading position on the core technical aspects of the domestic beer market, with the number of new products released in the past few years ahead of other domestic alcohol dealers, and the number of patents awarded to them being far higher.
For beer companies like Yujujiang, Yinjing, 2021 Qingjia beer patents are 550, 439 more than the second Qingjiang beer and 111 more Qingjiang wine patents. Excellent R & D skills help Qingji Island beer is constantly new, producing special products like ipa brews, Qingjima magma, and Quixian fruit beverages to meet the consumer demand for more segmented markets.
The company’s products are well-developed and well-accepted, and Qingjima’s pure life led to a “pure” era that was popular with consumers. Compared to the lubricant and heavy beverages, the company captures the costner’s mind through the full distribution of prices in the pure and classic series of monoliths. Qingjima’s pure life was the first to enter the pure market, compared to other beer brands at home and abroad, so Qingjima’s pure life was the first to enter the pure market.
The first pure product, Qingjia, was introduced in 1998 earlier than its rivals in the same industry for two to eight years. In terms of preservation period, 500 ml bottles have a pure survival period of only 180 days, with a shorter shelf period, guaranteeing the taste and taste of beer. In terms of prices, Qingjia is a high-end product under the Qingjia brand, for example, the price of a self-employed shop in Kyoto.
As one of the most popular products in the beer market, pure beer has always been popular among domestic consumers. According to the consumer report of 2015, the net consumer of Qingdao is rated 4.2, slightly lower than Qingjing's.
3.2. Brands: 100-year-old quarries, brand values have been new for a long time 3.2.1. Brands are deep, strong research and development power leads to product innovation 100-year-old historical deposits and brand values are at the top of China's history. A 1903 Qingjia beer is the oldest in China's history.
The long-standing beer industry is one of the top ten brands in the country. The price of the Qingdao beer brand has been increasing over time, and brand influence and competitiveness has been increasing. According to the brand value list of the worldbrandlab, Qingdao beer has been ranked first in the beer industry for 19 years, second only in the food and beverage industry.
"Four Ones" promotes brand dynamics, and a variety of marketing methods helps to shape the company's brands.
The branding and promotion model of the "Four Ones" includes branding dissemination, product marketing, consumer experience, and fan interaction. Branding and promotion are achieved through sports marketing, music marketing, and experience marketing.
The Association and the official sponsors/partners of the Olympic Winter Games, and the launch of a new customized “Twilight Ice Can” during the 2022 Olympic Games, were designed to reflect the internationalization, rejuvenation and fashion character of Qingdao's beer, and to raise brand power while making the Winter Olympics project available to the general public.
In 2020, the company started to build a drinking bar throughout the country, creating a high-end consumer environment that caters to consumer personality, landscape, high-end, and easy-to-be.
Qingdao beer has now opened over 200 tsingtao 1903 beers throughout the country, covering 62 cities in 20 provinces of the country, upgrading the `Four Ones' transmission model to a `Cluster Brand Experience Model' that allows consumers to enjoy their tongues, beer learning, spiritual pleasure, and emotional uplifting.
As a corporate voice, the signing of the Great War has been highly popular with young people, effectively promoting brand rejuvenation, tideing and increasing brand influence and market competitiveness. 3.3. Channels: Innovative Stereo-channel resources to deepen the quality of base markets
3.3.1. Deep Distribution Control Terminals, built up physical channels Deep Customer + Microoperating marketing models, reduced vendor growth and enhanced market control. Qingdao Beers, in its multi-year marketing campaign, summed up in 2008 to explore `big customer + microoperate' marketing models, mentioning:
Greater marketing efficiency and organizational capacity. “Great customer” means taking full advantage of regional large distributors, wholesalers' resources and economics to establish and end good partnerships to help Qingdao beer open new markets and secure mature markets. Since 2020, companies have significantly reduced the number of dealers, reassessed their capacities and consolidated their resources, and concentrated their efforts.
The number of distributors in 2021 was 13,265. “Micro-operability” is similar to deep distribution, which divides the target markets into smaller business units, municipalities, counties, stratification and matching of the right distributors, which greatly improves end-of-pipe control and market organization.
In 2021, companies stepped up their sales of non-suppliers and responded to consumer trends by focusing on more than half the distribution of non-suppliers. (1) Created and expanded the Internet+ channel system.
(b) Build a professional organization of electricity suppliers to magnify the "Official Flagship + Official Business Town + Online Retailer + Distributive Specialized Shop" for a structured e-commerce channel leadership; (ii) actively collaborate with third-party platforms to rapidly innovate over special periods of time marketing models, promote operations such as o2o, b2b, community group purchasing, and multi-channel to meet consumption demand in the Internet age;
To promote the digitalization of marketing, with new digital technologies, the supply chain and distributioner network model will be upgraded. (4) More than 200 tsingtao 1903 Qingshima beers will be opened, fashion beers will be developed, innovative consumption will be created, and the “fashion economy” will match the “high-end” transformation.
After that, sales grew steadily, increasing the resilience of the channels and creating complementarities between the lines. In 2021, the company sold 7.93 million litres, gradually returning to pre-epidemiological levels, and the main branded Qingjia beer sales reached a five-year high of 4,329,000, figure 28: the main brand Qingji Island beer sales each year.
Shandong is the largest base market in Qingdao and the absolute advantage in Shantao has a scale effect. Shantung is the core consumer market for Qingdao's beer, with a long-standing beer culture, which has for many years been at the top of the national beer market, 2020.
Qingdao's revenue from beer sales in Shandong has been rising steadily, reaching $19.7 billion in 2021, accounting for 56.9% of total operating income. Meanwhile, the rate of Qingdao beer in Shandong Province rose year by year, to 2021.
From 2017 to 2021, Shandong Province's share of total sales increased from 54 per cent to 56 per cent, contributing to income. The company continued to strengthen Shandong's market position and optimized production capacity.
The company optimizes its production capacity, and its production capacity is steadily stabilizing. The company has continued to optimize its production capacity, address its losses, shut down its inefficient plant, and has remained largely stable for the last five years.
At present, the company moves production capacity to its core, Shandong, to further strengthen the largest base market. In April 2021, Qingdao's Beers Wise Industries, with 1.2 million litres of Qingdao's three-storey beer plants, became the largest single-body, international-class smart beer production centre in the country.
Situated in Qingdao City, it further strengthens the Qingdao beer transportation advantage in Shandong, and improves the entry of competitors to the wall. It helps to deepen the division of labour and further improves the scale and profitability of beer production in Shandong Province.
Qingdao's beer production, Hua Yun's beer production, Chongqing's beer production.
Beers have high transport cost attributes, and consumer demand for “new senses” makes the base market particularly important. In the Qingdao beer national expansion strategy, transport costs are increasing each year, and their share of operating costs is stable, at around 15%.
The market is becoming more important when the taste of freshness and the seven-day short-term preservation period of the slurry. The sprouts are at 13°p, the fragrance of wheat is so good, they're so popular with consumers that they can quickly solve their geographical problems through low-temperature cans and cold chains, but Shandong's provincial company, as a beer sales company, still transports the radius and the high-end of fresh beverages.
Financial analysis: The rate of growth of interest rates is clear, the financial situation is stable, the rate of growth is clear, and the level of Māori is stable. There is a clear trend towards an increase in the rate of beer in Qingdao between 2017 and 2021.
At a time when the company’s sales costs and management costs fluctuated, they were driven by efficiency gains and cost optimization. In 2021, the company’s profitability improved and the weighted roe rose significantly.
The supply chain system, 2019-2021, with the stock turnover maintenance industry leading 5.86/5.12/5.64 times. Total q3 is expected to rebound during the q4 epidemic, and the company is expected to sell it as a q4-breeder second-off price: it is expected that the high-end logic will continue to evolve as a result of falling costs of cost-end packages.
Māori ratio: Annual cost pressures are expected to ease further due to higher sales of high- and middle-end Qingjia brands and faster growth of alcohol, and we expect the Māori ratio for the 2022-2024 major battalion to be a net return profit, respectively: based on the company ' s high-end process, there is still some cost to be spent as the conduits fine-tune the tubes
Based on the high concentration of the industry and the size of the company, we have selected the three leading Chinese beer companies Bwaia, Huayun and Chongqing as comparable companies, compared to the comparative valuations of the companies, and given Qingdao's 2nd status, its strong brand and strong channels in the dominant regions, it will remain a leader and a resilient future.
The impact of the epidemic has led to a less than expected recovery in the catering sector: the catering industry has been more affected by the epidemic, with the closure of its doors due to lack of certainty as a result of the policy of prevention and control.
Cost-side stress risk rises: higher costs of raw materials will have an impact on companies’ profitability. If raw material prices continue to rise, and companies fail to lock prices ahead at the right time, they will lead to higher costs.
Qingdao's three major financial forecasts.