Qingdaobrewery (600600ch) Qingdao Beers report in 2022: high-end lending boosted ton prices, continued annual cost pressure premiumizationhelpstoincreasthetonprice, and thecostpressturecontinues
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
In 2022, the company collected RMB 19.27 billion, a year-on-year increase of about a better rating than the city's "outperform" mark.
The cost of bbb+ has declined steadily, and the Māori rate has improved on the same basis. The company began in 2021 to transfer the cost of transportation from sales to sales costs and, after rewinding, the cost of sales - 0.75 pct--
Rmb 112.19bn/us $16.34bn rises, 1.0 per cent below year; of this, Qingdao's beer brand achieved 2.6 million litres of sales, 2.9 per cent over year, while the company's product structure continued to be steadily upgraded, with the company achieving medium and higher grades.
Material prices have continued to rise, with the company ' s total ton cost reduced in the first half of the year (excluding transportation costs to account for the impact of operating costs) rising by 6.5%, which is larger than last year ' s overall increase (3.8%). Starting in the second half of the year, the price of the package began to decline, but given the fact that the price of the package started to fall.
This effect is reflected in the fact that the end of the statement may be delayed by two quarters, so we expect that this year the cost of public tons will continue to rise by a medium-to-high number. The direct price increases for the company’s products will be difficult to cover, and therefore the unfilled increase in the cost of tons will partly hurt the product’s outcome.
Investment advice and profit projections. At the end of sales: the company continues to expand its high-quality new niches, and will continue to raise its tonnage and profitability, but given the continued outbreak of disturbances in the second half of the year, we expect the company to increase its sales year-round, and the sales of the Qingdao brands will increase at a similar rate.
Similar in the first half of the year. Cost side: Given the impact of the epidemic on sales costs in the first half of the year, we expect a drop of one percentage point in the year-on-year sales rate, but in the longer term, the cost of corporate sales will remain at 13%.
Risk factors. Repeated outbreaks, slow recovery of demand, and a process of high-levelisation were not as high as expected.