High-end strategy rejuvenation, upgrading for recovery Investment rating: buying (first time) the beer industry into a competitive stock era, structural upgrading opens up room for growth
China’s beer industry, which has emerged from reform and development, has experienced a period of rapid expansion of production capacity, a sharp rise in production, and accelerated integration in the industry, with the highest volume of beer sales in 2013, with a shrinking demand combined with intense competition leading to a decline in the profitability of beer producers. The boom in consumption has led to an era of stock competition.
In recent years, the sales of high-end products have continued to rise, with 2021 being sold.
Qingdao beer brands/products/channels are solidly based and have an advantage in high-end competitions.
The company's product matrix is rich, the Qingdao beer brand covers the upper-middle price belt, and other brands, such as Yooshan, dominate the popular consumer price belt. The company's ability to innovate in the development of its products is sudden, high-end prices are early, and there is now a rich stock of high-end products that continue to grow high-end.
The company channels are multi-dimensional in structure, the channel model is adapted to the local context, and the “big customer plus micro-operation” model helps to improve business efficiency.
Qingjia Qingdao has excellent quality and is well-packaged, and is currently promoting Qingdao bean on a full-scale basis, with a high rate of repurchase and a strong growth potential; Qingdao's pure renewal, further expansion of its network of channels, and further release
Quantities Potential; 2) Brussels have a strong brand in the middle price belt, have a classic Qingdao brand, gradually absorbing the shift of low-end consumption demand to medium-sized alcohol; 3) Medium-end prices continue to be selected, with the introduction of the classic 1903/1903 tidal tank on the top of the Qingdao classic, with the hope that it will grow to a certain level of discipline.
And, under the pressure of rising costs, direct price increases will also push up to tons and hedge cost pressures.
The beer industry has gone through production and sales, and the beer taps have opened up production efficiency strategies. In 2018, the plant was opened, and the use of movable property was increased, along with the cost of depreciation of fixed assets and the cost of depreciation of fixed assets.
The company closed down two factories in 2018, improved marketing after the epidemic, and increased profitability in the medium to long term.
The increase in sales was more affected by the epidemic, and the drop in sales was greater because of the epidemic in the main camp, the eastern part of March. The nationwide epidemic has improved since May, with sales first recovered, sales in May were positive on the same scale, and in June/July they benefited from a recovery in the consumer landscape, a warmer weather, and sales of green beer.
Growth continues at the speed of the ring, with company sales increasing to more than double digits in July. In August, high temperatures continued throughout the country, end-of-end research reported a more robust national beer consumption climate, and in the second half of the year, the Mid-Autumn National Festival and the World Cup were promoted, and corporate sales are expected to remain relatively high in the second half of the year.
Good growth. The medium-term dimension, the current cycle of cost pressures driving the industry up the price of some products, and the price adjustment of the brooms for some products. In a context where consumer prices generally rise and beer taps accelerate high-end growth, price increases are smoother, they can be counter-charged to some degree, and they are profitable.
Guaranteed. Long-term perspective, as companies deepen their high-quality development strategies, product structure is upgraded, power tonnage prices are raised, and production capacity is continuously optimized to promote operational efficiency, and corporate profitability continues to improve with clear paths and certainty.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals High certainty of future profitability, with current valuations of value for money, first-time coverage of recurring outbreaks; higher cost pressures; higher macroeconomic downside pressures; increased competition in the industry;
The company’s high-end channels are not expanding as expected. 1 beer industry stock competition, structural upgrading opens up growth space, 1.1 industry is entering maturity and stock pool prices are driven by rising prices.
China’s beer industry has been characterized by reform and opening-up, which has been expanding rapidly since 1980. Since 1980, reform and opening-up has created a favourable market environment for the development of all sectors. In 1985, the country launched a “beer-specific” project, which led to the construction of beer factories in various parts of the country, with the support of the economic environment and national policies.
In the early 1990s, there were more than 800 beer factories and more than 1,500 beer brands in the country. Industry prices rose sharply in the early twenty-first century, and the bulk of the market ran for shares.
For the period, the cagr was 6.5%, the industry sales revenue increased from $44.6 billion in 2000 to $181.4 billion in 2013, while the cagr was 11.4%, and the beer industry rose at a very high price. In this incremental market, Chinese beers, Qingdao beer, Yanking beer, etc., actively ran around the market and expanded their business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, etc.
The map, accompanied by competition from foreign brands such as Bawei and Heeley, and a stronger share competition among the big liquor companies, turned the engine of growth into higher prices in 2013, when the country ' s beer production peaked, and the demand pressure on the industry to shrink has increased. On the one hand, beer consumption is on the other.
In addition, in 2016, average consumption reached 33.2 litres/year, up from the world average of 26.2 litres/year, and per capita consumption of beer was close.
Saturation. In this context, the consumption of beer may not have the incentive to continue to increase, while the average price of beer sales has increased at an accelerated rate, with beer sales of -1.6 per cent in 2013-2021 and sales of -7.2 per cent in tonnes, with industry growth driven by a shift from a very high to a very high in tonnage prices.
Figure 3 Growth in the beer industry since 2013 is driven by price increases, and figure 4 shows a rapid increase in sales earnings in the beer industry in the early 221st century and peaks in the population aged 15-64 around 2013.
Figure 5 shows a drop in per capita consumption before and after 2013. 1.2 Merger and acquisition integration is nearing completion, with the five leading heads of industry emerging in the early stages of industrial development, leading companies expanding their outreach + M & A integration, accelerating industry concentration.
In the early stages of development, beer was dominated by glass bottles, heavy packaging and damaged, resulting in high transport costs, and demand for return bottles limited long-range transport. In addition, beer drinking was fresh and beer sales had a certain sales radius.
Strategies can help them to open local markets quickly, while reducing competition. Foreign brands such as Qingdao beer, Yinking beer, Huayun beer, and Bae Wei and Gasper have a stronger financial, branding advantage, and are increasingly annexing small and medium-sized liquor factories in many locations, promoting greater concentration in the industry.
Industry M&A integration is nearing its end, and market patterns have changed slightly in recent years, and now form a five-man hegemonic authority. The excess capacity of the industry has been shunned by the volume of production and sales, and the consolidation of head companies across the country has been nearing its end.
In China, the beer industry has been consolidated into five main poles: Hua Yun, Qingjia, Bae Wei Yingbo, Yin King, and Kassy Bo, with an accelerated concentration of market shares in the beer industry by the year 2013 at the sales of Cr5 in 2021.
Chart 7 shows that head-breeding markets have changed slightly in recent years, with each of the top five leading players having an advantage market, with the beer industry showing a regional trend. After a long merger, most of the country’s provinces have a dominant beer brand with a 40% or more rate, with the local municipality taking the lead.
Qingjia beer is one of the top five companies. The yellow generation has a dominant brand, with more than 50% of the markets in Shandong, Shanxi, Shanxi, Shanghai, Hainan, etc.; the cities of Sichuan, Guizhou, Anhui are more than 70%, and the northeast is also the advantage of Hua Yun's beer; and the Bwai is in Fujian, Jiangxi, Hubei, etc.
50% of the market share; rebreeding has an absolute advantage in Chongqing, Xinjiang, Ningxia, Yunnan; and Yinjing's beer has a dominant market in Kitking, Guangxi, and Inner Mongolia. There are still more powerful regional brands in a few provinces, such as Lhasa in Tibet, and Henan Venus beer.
Figure 8 High-end market share of beer markets in all provinces, 1.3 high-end collapse, product structural upgrading + higher tankization rate boosted tonnage, demand contraction, low-price competition increased pressure on business performance, and consumption upgrading offered opportunities for high-end industry.
Since then, beer enterprise development has been largely quota-oriented, leading companies have been actively buying and expanding in the early stages of industry development, and then adopting low-cost over-market strategies in an over-capacity industry environment. Industry sales peaked in 2013, and demand contractions and intense competition have increased profit-side pressure on beer businesses, and beer businesses are in dire need of a stock game.
Around 2016, in response to the market environment, the big liquor companies gradually adapted their business strategies, moving away from the fierce price wars, and working to upgrade the structure of their products and improve their efficiency. On the other hand, thanks to the country’s rapid economic growth, the income and consumption levels of the population continue to rise, and consumers open their doors.
Proactive consumption of higher quality, better experienced products, quality, branding, diversification, personalized consumption demand has also opened up new development opportunities for the beer industry.
Figure 9. Net profit levels of major beer companies. Chart 11 identifies strategic high-end initiatives by major beer companies.
• “3+3+3” high-end development strategy
• High-quality development strategies Steady growth, structural adjustment, cost control, efficiency improvement Chongqing beer
It's a brand-up strategy.
Innovation leads, turns, adjusts structures, boosts efficiency, boosts the price of t-tons, raises the price of brands internationally, and there is still much room for raising the price of domestic brands. Headlines have led the industry towards high-end evolution since 2018, with higher prices, better quality and higher prices.
There has been a marked increase in the variety of beer-end products and, driven by the concentration of resource inputs, medium-end and high-end products have grown faster than the industry as a whole, with the emergence of large, representative monoliths such as Usu beer, snowflake purity, super-driving, Qingjima purity, and Qingjia classics.
The price of heavy beverages/brusts/Yenkyung/Hwayun beers is 4925/4601/3742/3092/3065/kL, respectively, and the global price of Hewe/Baew in 2021 has reached $891/4925/kL, while there is still much room for raising the price of the Chinese beer brand.
Figure 13 matches the international brand, domestic beer companies still have room to raise the price of tons, Figure 12, high-end promotion of a sustained rise in the prices of big beers, a gradual increase in the distribution of high-end Lager beer, and a clear upward trend in the structure of the beer industry.
Euromonitor, Rag beer is dominant in the Chinese beer market, where sales in 2021 reached 97.5% of all types of beer. In 2015, 3,366,000 litres of high-end lag beer were sold, representing 7.1% of sales, and in 2021, sales of high-end lag beer increased to 535.3 thousand litres, and sales rose to 12.4% in the middle-end Lag.
The sales of beer increased from 15.3 per cent in 2015 to 21.6 per cent in 2021, while the sales of low-grade Lager dropped from 77.6 per cent to 66.0 per cent.
The beer cannery rate has been increasing year by year, and there is still room for it to rise. In recent years, the volume of canned beer has grown at around 10-15%, well above the industry level, and the rate of cannerization has been rising. According to Euromonitor, the rate of cannerization in China reached 28.3% in 2020, according to the Wine Headlines, the average global cannerization rate is about 50%, in Europe and America and South-East Asia.
His country's beer canning rate is 40-70%, Korea's beer canning rate is 50-60%, Japan's beer canning rate is as high as 90%, and there is still much room for increasing the level of beer canning in the country. Compared to bottled beer, canned beer has been easily portable and transportable, and the rapid rise of power suppliers, convenience stores, etc., has accelerated in recent years.
And canned beer packaging is much more innovative, and individualized packaging design is much more popular with young consumers. It is expected that the future will be enriched by non-current drinking, a better network of circulation channels, and a growing consumer power among young consumers, with China ' s canned beer share continuing to rise.
In terms of prices, beer products of the same size are usually sold at higher prices. According to the National Development and Reform Commission, the price of industrial consumer goods in 36 cities per day is higher.
The price of a can of beer is significantly higher than the price of a bottle of beer. Some cans are also priced above the price of a bottle of beer of the same specification.
The cost of using a 500 ml aluminium can is about 0.3-0.5 yuan, the price of aluminium has increased significantly since 2022, and the use of aluminium cans may be economic if the price of aluminium falls again. Thus, considering that canned beer is becoming more popular among consumers,
Reloading cans can provide a greater room for speculation about the price of the wine factory, as well as a return to normal prices for aluminium with lower production + transport costs, and a future increase in domestic beer canning or increase industry profitability. 1.4 Benefiting from high-endization, the industry Māori ratio is expected to increase by about 7.5 ptt over the next four years.
Taking into account business data announced by Euromonitor and companies in the industry, we assume that the sales structure of low-end products in beer high schools, the level of tonnage and the Māori rate are estimated to be about $3681 per kilolitre of current industry tonnage, mainly through higher-middle-end sales, internal structural upgrading of various tranches and reduced efficiency gains.
1) Sales structure: we refer to the euromonist ' s beer classing criteria, which treat products with a single price of $14 or more in the non-current drinking scene as high, with a median value of $7-14 and a lower value of $7. The vacation year is still in the early stages of high-end industry, with the largest share of low-end product consumption now shifting to middle-end products.
Cost is a more significant change in the structure of sales. In the neutral scenario, the sales structure of the beer industry changed to a high/medium/low-end ratio of 18/35/47% in 2025. Given the declining demographic dividend and near-saturated per capita consumption of beer, total sales in the industry have remained largely stable for the next four years, corresponding to high/medium/low-end sales of product cagr, respectively.
2) Ton price: The price of low-grade beer in 2021 was estimated at $8000/4200/2700 per kilolitre. The price of high-grade/low-grade products in Qingjia beer was 3.5 per cent/3.8 per cent for 2018-2021.
Qingdao's main branded product was 43.8 per cent in 2021, with other net interest rates dominated by low-end products of less than $5. As the major beer companies shift from a quota-based approach to a more profit-seeking approach, it is expected that during the advanced implementation of the high-end strategy, they will invest more in more refined costs and capital.
In addition, actions such as closing down inefficient production and optimizing personnel structures promote efficiency gains and are expected to result in a modest decrease in overall costs. Thus, an increase in the Māori rate is expected to be more fully transmitted to the end of the net interest rate.
2 Qingdao Beers: In the past, the transition has been upgraded and started. 2.1 Company Profile: Nationally manufactured beer brands, with sales and earnings leading, were founded in 1903, 100 years old. Qingdao's beer is China's oldest beer.
The manufacturing enterprise, formerly Qingjia Co. Ltd. of German and British beer companies, was established in 1903 by a joint venture between German and British traders. After the establishment of the new China in 1949, the company was nationalized and renamed the State-owned Qingjia Beer Factory. In 1993, the company changed its stock and entered the market in a share and h.
Qingdao's beers are branded as high-end national beers, with a strong branding influence in the domestic and foreign markets. Qingdao beers are mainly engaged in beer manufacturing and sales, and the beer business contributes more than 98% of the company's income/gross profits.
Two types of brands are represented. The Qingdao Beers, one of the top ten brands in the country, are sold in major markets across the country and in more than a hundred countries and territories around the world, and have a strong brand influence and a high brand profile in both domestic and international markets. Other brands include Kyoyama, Han.
The brands are lower than the Qingjia brands, and are characterized by high value for money. Qingjia brands are the main contribution to the company’s operating income and gross profits, and they are more profitable than other brands. 2021 Qingjia brands/other brands contribute 65.6% and 32.7% of their gross operating income, each contributing 78.2% and 20.2% per cent, respectively.
Qingdao's beer products are located mainly on the upper-middle-end price belt above $5, while other branded products, such as Yooyama, provide the bulk of the popular beer products below $5, so that the price and profitability of Qingdao's beer are higher than that of the other brands. Qingdao's brand in 2021 was $4573/kl, with a Māori ratio of 43.8%; and other branded tons were valued at $5.
2743 yuan per 1,000 litres, with a Māori rate of 22.7 per cent.
• Ton price of Aoshima brand ($/kl) ▪ Ton price of other brands ($/kl) Overall ton price of beer business ($/kll)
The Māori ratio of the Aoshima brand is higher than that of other brands.
The company is one of the leading players in the beer industry in China, leading in sales and income. Qingdao's beer industry is one of the five leading companies in the beer industry. In 2021, the company achieved 793 thousand litres of beer sales, second only to China's market, and earned 29,670 million yuan in beer sales.
Figure 24 Market share of beer businesses in the Chinese market (by volume of sales) Figure 25 Market share of beer businesses in the Chinese market (by volume of sales) 2.2 Historical evolution: expansion of the expansive base, transition to high quality
Reviewing the history of the Qingdao beer development, it can be divided into four main phases: 2.2.1 1996-2001: expansive expansion, rapid completion of the strategic layout of the national market. Qingdao beer was the country's largest beer producer and exporter for a long time.
In 1996, the company’s new board came to power, and Li Gui-young and Peng-sung-soo were the heads and general managers of the company, beginning to reform the company. At this stage, the company adopted a strategy of expansion and expanded it by acquiring and acquiring it.
The purchase of other beer factories has expanded rapidly to complete the strategic layout of the national market. During this period, the production of company beer increased from 350,000 tons in 1996 to 2,510,000 tons in 2001. By the end of 2001, the company had 46 beer factories in 17 provinces and cities throughout the country, with a total capacity of 3.8 million tons.
In August 2001, Mr. Kim Chi Guo took over as Managing Director of the company, and management adjusted its approach in time to slow down the pace of expansion and began to place greater emphasis on internal system integration. After that, the company launched a value management system for the company, focusing on quality, branding, and information-building, to improve overall management in many ways.
The company signed a strategic investment agreement with the then world's largest beer producer, Anhes-Bush Inc. (“ab”) to further enhance the competitiveness of the company, drawing on the resource advantages and management experience of ab. A clear brand development plan was developed in 2003 to address the complex issue of branding, and to clarify the branding status of the Qingdo Island beer master.
After 2013, domestic beer sales fell to a peak, the beer industry experienced a decline, excess capacity, and competition.
In the meantime, companies continued to expand their market share through mergers and new factories, but the average price of their products was lower owing to weak market demand and intense competition, and in 2013-2016, the company's chairman, Huang Ke Heng, took office in 2018, proposing “brand leadership, innovation drive, quality first, efficiency gains”
First, structural excellence, and coordinated development are the six strategic directions that drive the transformational upgrading of companies. The company focuses on the Qingjio and the Xiaoshan 2 brands, accelerating the pace of product structural upgrading to meet the opportunities of high-end growth in the industry.
The result was a rebound in the firm’s net interest rate base, prompting Roe to move up.
Qingdao's State Finance Committee is the real controller, and the second largest shareholder has changed several times. The company holds shareholders in Qingdao Liquor Group Ltd., the company actually controls the Qingdao State Finance Committee, the sole shareholder of the Qingdao Group. As of the first quarter of 2022, Qingdao State Finance Committee held 32.5% of the shares of listed companies through the Qingdao Group.
In 2002, the Department signed a strategic investment agreement with the then world’s largest beer producer, the United States company, Anhes-Bush (“a-b”), to form a strategic alliance to help integrate resources. The representative of the United States company, a-b, also entered the public domain.
The announcement that 19.9% of the 27% of A-b's share of A-B beer will be sold to Japan's A-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-H-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y. In December 2017, A-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y.
After 2020, Qingjia's second largest shareholder changed to Qingjia's. Qingjia beer sold 17.99% of the total equity share to the Qingxao group, which became Qingjia's second largest shareholder.
On the same day, Rexom International announced that its subsidiary had agreed to sell 66,777,600 shares of Qingjia beer, and after the sale was completed, the Group no longer held any share of Qingjia beer.
In March 2020, for the first time since the company was listed, the company awarded 13.2 million shares a stock limit to 627 persons in June, and 619 other company core managers, middle managers, and core cadres.
The sub-incentives program has a wide range of coverage and incentives, and the precedent of wide-ranging incentives in the beer industry has helped to fully motivate and stimulate internal dynamism at all levels. The stock incentives program exceeded its targets in 2020 and 2021.
Net profits, principal operating income as a proportion of the total, and companies, according to performance criteria, are planning to roll out at a time when the epidemic is in a special situation, with some uncertainty in the operations of the enterprise, and performance targets are set at a higher level than the third release period.
Value growth is no less than the sum of the net profit growth of the target firm. Revenue from the main business in 32022 was no less than 90 per cent of operating income. 3 brands lead innovation-driven, with a solid product channel base.
3.1 Products: The product matrix has a wide range of prices, a high concentration of individual products, a unique national priority laboratory in the beer industry, and a strong scientific innovation.
In June 2021, the Qingdao Beer Technology Research and Development Centre was established, and research and innovation capabilities are in the forefront of the industry. Prominent scientific and research capabilities help companies to store new and innovative technologies, continue to innovate, and continuously improve the brewing process and improve production efficiency.
A good product layout, a wide range of prices, and a rich stock of high-end products. Qingdao beer has a rich product matrix with pure, white beverages, black beverages, Pearson, ipa, etc., with full coverage of high-end, medium-end, and popular consumer price bands.
Then, a series of new special products, such as all wheat beverages, Pearson, and ipa, were introduced to improve the layout of high-end products to meet consumers’ individualized and diversified needs. Middle-priced companies created a million-ton monolithic island classic and launched classic 1903 in 2014 in response to rising consumption trends.
The products under the Hanes, Silver Wheat, etc., are more regional than the Qingdao brand, are of high value and enjoy a certain degree of consumer loyalty in the local market.
Bender products are of good quality, with fine packaging, clear positioning and further strength. 1) In the case of high-end products, August uses German formulations, which are different from normal American light lags in processes, are subject to stringent material and brewing conditions, have high alcohol levels (over 4.2) and wheat sprouts (over 12), and have high levels of juice.
A stronger taste than a normal industry, Lager beer, with high quality and differences in taste, underpins the upgrading of its product power. 2) Qingdao was launched in 2015 as one of the priority products developed by the company in recent years. Qingdao Qingdao is a lively manipulator, and the brewing process is transmitted to the ancient European law. In 2020, the company changed the packaging of white beverages, and the packaging design was closely aligned to the product size.
It shows the two ancient Greek myths, the fine style of matching the fonts with color, which greatly enhances the quality of the brand. The product is awarded the German Red Point Design Award and the World Beer Championship.
The end-products are positioned to improve the product's strength. Matching the channel strategy, 3.2 brands have been sold since 2020: with over a hundred years of history, one plus one focus brand strategy, 100 years of national branding, deep historical depth, and continuously increasing brand value.
By 1903, the company had been China’s oldest beer producer for more than a century. It had been the country’s largest beer producer and exporter for a long time, with a better brand base in both domestic and international markets.
The annual brand value list, Qingjia beer, continues to be the top of China’s beer industry and brand value continues to rise. The focus brand strategy of Qingshima’s main brand + Qingshan 2 brands is implemented, highlighting brand influence.
The early outreach strategy led to a large number of brands and a high share of low- and medium-end products. Since then, the company has gradually moved to a thin brand, moving from the 1+3+n brand strategy of `the Qingjia master brand + the Qingjia brand + the Qingjia brand + the Shan Shui, the Hans deputy brand + the rest of the region', to the 2014 `Aoshima master + the Qiaosan sub-brand + other regions'.
The 1+1+n strategy will be launched by 2015 with a 1+1 brand strategy for the Qingjia master brand + Yaoyama 2 brand, in order to better focus resources and highlight the influence of a few core brands. New brands will be promoted through products, and a 100-year-old brand culture will be passed on.
On the one hand, the company has continued to enrich the high-end layout of its products, and has also launched super-high-end products such as 100-year trips, 100-year-olds and legends of the world, with single bottles priced from $100 to $1,000, continuously raising brand heights. Some brands like the classic 1903.
1903 Retrostated, super-high 100-year journeys, constantly communicating to consumers, in terms of product naming, packaging, and publicity, the heritage of a 100-year-old brewing process, and a high-quality brand culture.
Marketing is diversified, rejuvenate, fashionable, and brand dynamic. The company has always focused on branding and advertising, maintaining a certain amount of cost investment in advertising and advertising to continuously increase the influence of the Qingdao beer brand among consumers.
Qingdao's beer is constantly being made through sports marketing, music marketing, and the organization of various beer festivals. The 2019-year-old beverages are also in the form of a 100-year-old national tide, and cross-border npc is landing in New York City on a fashion week in China.
Modern fashion has done a branding spread. Chart 34 Cross-Standing Npc Lands New York Fashion Week to disseminate the cultural content of the 100-year National Waves, channel 3.3: Large Clients + MicroOperations model enhances channel capacity
The “big customer plus micro-operation” model enhances business efficiency and strengthens regional market organization, development, and regulatory capacity. In the course of many years of development, companies explore the best-fit channel model for themselves, and in 2008 began to introduce the “big customer plus micro-operation” channel model: the large customer system is designed to leverage the resources and experience of high-quality large clients for regional markets.
(a) The advantage of leveraging the leverage of distributors, especially in premature markets where their brands are low;
Regional markets are organized, developed and regulated. The channel model of Figure 35 “Great Clients + Micro-Operations” builds a network of physical channels to enhance their resilience.
In recent years, companies have responded to the tide of high-end developments by increasing their access to high-end restaurants, evenings, ka-sales, convenience stores, community shops, etc.
In an era of rapid growth of online channels, such as electricity dealers, companies responded positively and took the lead in constructing the "Official Flaghouse + Official Business Town + Online Retailer + Distribution Specialized Shop" online channel network; (3) actively working with third-party platforms to promote community-based payers, b2b, community groups.
Purchases, etc., have also introduced an innovative “no contact distribution” service during the special period of the epidemic in 2020; (4) based on insights into the trend towards the consumption of beer, the company has opened more than 200 tsingtao 1903 Qingji Island beers to provide immersion-style high-end beer consumption scenes for consumers, and the Qingjia beer bar has become an important vehicle for high-end companies, as well.
It helps to nurture the consumer community for the Qingjia brand. The sculpturing and diversification of the channels, which keeps the channel structure and channel model in line with consumption trends, enhances their resilience and maintains their own channel advantages. 3.4 Region: Consolidation of the base market, focus on yellow, strike northeast, revive the coast.
It has the largest sales of beer in Shandong province as a base market. Shandong is the core base of the beer market, Shandong province has a strong culture of beer consumption, and sales of beer continue to be the highest in the country, with the latter accounting for nearly 80% of the city in Shandong province, creating a oligarchic pattern. In 2021, the company achieved sales revenue of 19.747 billion in Shandong region.
The Shandong market is of strategic importance, and companies continue to consolidate base market advantages. The majority of sales and revenues for the Shandong region are of strategic importance for the green beverages. In recent years, Huayun's beer has intensified its efforts.
As a result of the infiltration and share seizure of Shandong, China Yun's share of beer rose slightly in 2021 in Shandong City, while the company's sales declined in Shandong. The company gave high priority to Shandong Market, and in order to consolidate the competitive advantage of the base market, it made timely adjustments to the team, strategy, price system, network of distributors, and channels.
Operations. The strategic adjustments were better, and the Shandong region was well marketed and recovering from sales in the first two months of 2022. Despite the spread of the disease in Shandong in early March, which had a significant impact on the sale of the March beams, the outbreak had a short-term perturbation, with the company’s competitive edge in the Shandong base market, followed by Shandong City.
The site will continue to make a significant contribution to the company’s performance.
Focus on the Yellow River basin, hit the northeast market, channel capacity tested. 1) Focus on the yellow: green beams focus on capital inputs, the competitive advantage of the East Base Market in Itoshan, radiation-led growth of the surrounding Gansu, Shaanxi, Henan, Hebei markets, and aimed to connect the Yellow River market. Good progress is being made on construction along the yellow belt, 2021.
The North-East has seen an increase of 12.1 per cent in revenue over the same period, above the corporate average. 2) Strike north-east: Green beers have launched an offensive in the north-east of the dominant market for Chinese beer, particularly in Heilongjiang and Jilin provinces, where sales have increased considerably since 2021, mainly as a result of enhanced operation of channels and optimized product structures, the company's power and brand power in non-optimal markets has not been forthcoming.
3) Revival of the Coast: Qingdao's beer was the main product of the South East China Market in the early 21st century, but then the South East China Market began to be squeezed by Huao Yu and Bae Wei, which lost a portion of its share of the market and now loses a continuous loss. Under the company's strategy of “Revitalization of the Coast, Speeding Up the Yellow, Freeing the Rivers,” China has in recent years.
The South East China Market has improved its operations, with China’s losses having been significantly reduced, and the South-East Market had lost its profits in 2021.
The 4-ton price increase was optimized, a 4.1-high-end strategy was fully in place, a clear path to structural upgrading, a consistent increase in the sales of medium- and high-end products, and a ton price that benefited from product structural upgrading since 2017.
In response to a wave of high-end industry, the sales of high- and middle-level products outpaced the overall increase, with the exception of the more affected by the epidemic in 2020, the sales of high- and middle-level Qingjia brands gradually increased. The sales of the 2021 Qingji Island brands increased by 4.33 million litres, compared with 11.6 per cent, and the sales of high-grade products rose to 54.6 per cent.
52,000 litres, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period, and high-end product sales are increasing significantly faster than the whole (+1.4 per cent). Product formation, high-end pull-on-ton prices, 3742 per kilolitre for company beer products in 2021, same-scaling, medium-scaling alternatives to low-end products, internal structural upgrading of low-end products, and product structure will continue.
Further optimization provides a strong incentive for a sustained increase in the price of tons. Figure 422021: Structure of the sales of Aoshima's beer products. Chart 41: Share of Aoshima's brand sales has increased steadily.
There is plenty of room to upgrade other brands’ internal product structures, such as Qingdao’s brand upgrades, and other brands’ internal product structures. The company still has a 45% share of other beer brands, low prices, end prices below $5, other brands in 2021 at about $2743/kL, significantly below Qingdao’s brand.
Under the brand strategy of Qingdao's Beers Master + Yaosan Beers Second, the company is accelerating the upgrading of low-end regional brands to products such as Kiyoyama Beer, Qingdao Talent, etc. The share of other brands is expected to continue to decline in the future, while the price of other brands ton benefits from the upgrading of internal structures.
The highest share of low-grade products is currently in the domestic beer market, with low-grade products below $5 per unit, according to Euromonitor, about 68% of low-grade products in 2020, with much room for upward upgrading at the consumption level.
The company’s central monolithic Qingjima classic is located in this price belt, where it has already grown by more than 1.8 million tons in 2021, maintaining a rapid growth of more than double digits in the first quarter of this year. The classics are expected to maintain a relatively strong growth trend in the 1 to 2-year-old island, one of the biggest beneficiaries at this stage of beer height.
On the other hand, the Qingdao classic, as a representative product of the Qingdao brand, with its prominent bottled Qingdao beer logo, could benefit fully from the country’s stronger influence; on the other hand, the Qingdao brand has a 6-8-dollar price belt, which takes over the demand for low-end products. From a consumer’s perspective, the Qingdao classic is a better branding and high-end for beer consumption.
In addition, after last year's price increases for the Qingdao classics, channels and terminal profits improved, and channels pushed.
A classic 1903 was introduced to emphasize brand values under the name of brand birth, and the packaging of the product was upgraded but not separated from the main design. The retail price of the product is $7-9, currently worth more than 200,000 tons, and it starts at the top of the country's tidal tank, with a price slightly higher than the classic 1903, the product joining the country's tidal culture as a point of sale, and the packaging of the product is a classic.
There has been a marked change in the middle price belt, which offers a different choice for consumers. The 2019 brand of rims, npc, landed on New York Fashion Week of China, spreading the cultural content of the 100-year-old brand through the international arena.
Qingdao's high-end prices have increased the volume of its pure renewal, and Qingdao's high-speed growth of its power.) Qingdao's purity is another big single item under the Qingdao brand, with a volume of about 600,000 tons in 2021, and is now mainly served by catering channels.
Mainly, the retail price is $10-12 (500 ml bottled) and is located in the main restaurant price belt. Earlier in Qingjia, in order to address the problem of product ageing, the company is gradually moving towards a new packaging and a new version of the product has been improved in its oral senses.
) Qingjia is an important and dynamic product in the current high-end matrix of products, Qingjia Qingjia Qingjia Qingjia Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qinjiang Qinjiang Qinjiang Qinjiang Qinjiang Qinjiang Qing is different from Qingjiang Qinjiang Qinjiang Qing. Qingjiang is using Al fermentation, which is characterized by a low taste of wheat sprouts and bitterness.
White beards are designed in a beautiful way, raising brands, and more attractive to consumer groups such as urban women, and helping to expand the target consumer group. Qingdao white beak terminals are sold at a concentration of $10-12, slightly less than the equivalent competition of $1664, and are of good quality and are popular with consumers at high prices.
There's a high rate of repurchase of products. The company's current promotion of white beverages through all channels, which nearly doubled in 2021, maintained high growth for 22 years, and will be the company's core single item in the mainstream high-end price belt, with super-high-end price belts, and a rich stock of Qingjia beer, such as August, ipa, Qingjia black beak, Amber.
Lager, Qingji Island beer magma, etc., but compared to mature overseas brands like Bawe, Heeley, and Gasper, the green beverages currently lack sufficiently branded super-high-end big monoliths to slow the company’s growth at the super-higher end than the industry. This does not prevent a steady advance in the high-end strategy, which has now led to an increase in the consumption of low-grade alcohol to medium-grade alcohol, and a rise in middle-level alcohol to the mainstream.
At the same time, it is expected to enter the harvest period by gradually refining its high-end and ultra-high-end product matrix in preparation for the continuing high-end competition in the beer industry. 4.2 direct price increases raise to tons to ease cost pressures.
In the history of the rebreeding beer industry, where the major beer companies experienced a significant increase in the price of three rounds of raw supplements at the end of the cost, the three rounds of up-to-date cost cycle contributed to an increase in industry prices. For example, in the first round of 2007-2008, the prices of packaging materials, such as glass, were significantly increased as a result of a sharp contraction in the intake of barley, and industry was under pressure at the end of 2007.
Harbin's beer was the first to raise prices, and Qingdao's beer and Huayun's beer increased prices at the beginning of 2008. For example, the sharp rise in prices of raw materials, energy, transportation, labour, etc. caused Māori rates to fall down in q2 in 2008, and Māori rates began to compare in the 2009 season due to the time lag in the transmission of prices and the fall in raw materials prices in 2009.
At the start of the industry price hike, Yanjing beer and Qingjia beer increased prices for some of the products in 2011. As a result of the slowdown in the growth of the beer-consumption market during this period and the high level of competition in the industry, the pressure on the Māori rate has increased, and the increase in the price increase has helped only to keep the price of the tons stable.
At the end of the year, Yinjing's beer was the first to raise the price of raw products under the flag, and at the beginning of 2018, head beer companies, such as Bread, Huayun, Garbage, and Budweiser, announced successive increases. The price increases in 2019 showed that the price increases were accelerating, and the Māori rate began to improve during the q2 season.
Figure 46ppi shows significant cost pressures, industry starts direct price increases to absorb cost pressures, chart 47 puts direct price increases on Qingdao beer, improved Māori rates in 2009 and 2019
Chart 49 Qingjia beer cost structure The industry has started a new wave of price increases, and direct price increases will be smoother in a high-end inflation-plus industry environment. Starting in the second half of 2020, the prices of packages such as barley and glass began to rise, with the original feed cost pressure in 2021.
On the one hand, the consumption of beer for most of the time is accompanied by consumption of other foods, and, in the context of consumer price booms, end consumers have a higher acceptance of the increase in beer prices. On the other hand, the industry is entering a new era of high-end growth.
The profit claims of beer businesses have become stronger, the willingness to wage lows has diminished, and price increases have been more consistent in the direction of easing cost pressures. Moreover, after a long period of industrial consolidation, the beer industry has developed a regional cut-off trend, with competition patterns in most regions, and beer taps will be better priced in their advantage areas.
In 2021, the company faced certain cost pressures, with a year-on-year ton cost of +4.9 per cent, but with a structural upgrading + direct price increase of + 7.0 per cent, driving the Māori rate of +1.3 per cent of the same ratio, the Qingjia beer wheel price increase coverage was wide, with companies raising prices not only for pure, white and other high-end products, but also for medium- and low-end products such as Kyoyama and classics.
Prices. When this round of price increases is completed, it is expected to have a low-digit pull on the ton price, which can put some pressure on the surging cost. The effect of this round of price increases is expected to start in the q2/q3 beer season, based on historical experience, but still depends on changes in the epidemic, the recovery of consumption, the prevailing season weather, and so forth.
With the co-benefits of price increases, corporate profitability is expected to rise steadily. Figure 50 barley prices began to rise sharply in 2020h2 and figure 53 watt paper prices went up and down in 2022.
Figure 56,2021: The price increase for young beer is clearly sufficient to offset the cost pressures, Māori 4.3 to build new and optimize production capacity and reduce cost efficiency The industry has gone through production and sales points, and Qingdao beer has gradually advanced the closure program.
At a point, as the industry passed the point of production, the former aggressive expansion was accompanied by a huge build-up of backward capacity, high depreciation amortization costs, and the start of squeezing the profits of the wine factory. The 2015 Chongqing beer was the first to optimize production, followed by other beer taps.
The project to shut down 10 factories in Taiwan in five years. In 2020, 58 fully-owned and controlled beer-producing companies were affected.
Figure 58 optimized production capacity leads to an increase in capacity utilization, shut down the old state-of-the-art capacity and reduce the efficiency of cost increases. Since the opening of the plant plan in 2018, the overall utilization rate has been higher than previously, reaching 81.4 per cent in 2019, and has since been slightly reduced by the epidemic, 2020.
The cost, which is a one-time cost, but the closure of the plant has resulted in depreciation costs for fixed assets, a reduction in the number of employees, which has helped to improve the efficiency of the business and has had a long-term impact, such as a gradual increase in the per capita output of company producers in recent years, and a decrease in depreciation costs for fixed assets as a proportion of total revenue.
Large plants or parts of the production capacity are upgraded to improve operational efficiency by optimizing the structure and layout of the production capacity.5 Profit predictions and investment proposals Short term: post-influenza recovery + national hot weather, q3 beer sales have improved significantly.
Since March, the national epidemic has repeatedly blocked down-the-line consumption, the beer industry has experienced a higher rate of increase in sales, and sales have declined considerably as a result of the March epidemic in the Shandong region. The nationwide epidemic has improved since May, with sales of beer recovering first, and sales have been on track since May, benefiting from a recovery in consumption and weather in June/July.
Inflammation, the growth in the sales of green beverages continues to rise at a speed of speed, rising to more than double digits in July. In August, the country’s high-temperature weather continued, with end-finding feedback that the country’s domestic beer consumption was more favourable, and in the second half of the year there was the Mid-Autumn Festival and the World Cup celebrations, which are expected to increase better in the second half of the year.
Medium- and long-term: smooth price increases ease cost pressures, structural upgrades and plant efficiency contribute to increasing profitability. Medium- and long-term dimensions, the current cost pressures drive up prices in the industry, and the blisters make price adjustments for some products, which are smoother in a context where consumer prices generally rise and beer taps accelerate high-end growth.
The long-term perspective, as companies deepen their high-quality development strategies, raises the value of the product structure uplifts by a ton, while continuously optimizing production for operational efficiency increases, and leads to a clear and definite path to sustained improvements in corporate profitability.
Based on the above analysis, we make the following assumptions for the future operation of the company: 1. Marketing: overall downside with the industry’s flagship high-end strategy, a slightly faster restructuring of the company’s products is expected, a high-end product strategy with high- and medium-strength focus is expected to sustain a 7 to 9 per cent increase in the sales of the Qingjia master’s brand.
Other brand sales, such as that of Sakayama, have been reduced by an overall increase of between 1 and 2 per cent. 2. Ton prices: Ton price increases are driven mainly by product structure upgrades, while the share of public and other business income has been small during periods of increased pressure on raw materials prices, and the rate of increase in total revenue is largely in line with the rate of increase in revenue from the beer business.
Prices of raw materials, such as barley, aluminium, and energy, freight, etc., are rising each year, company product upgrades + direct price increases are made 5. Cost rates are currently at an accelerated stage of high-end sophistication, and sales rates are not expected to increase significantly, while plant closures continue to increase efficiency gains and overall cost rates are expected to drop slightly.
(a) Subtract consumption and logistics constraints due to the over-exploitation of the epidemic;
Increased competition in the industry has led to a significant increase in cost inputs; 5. Over-anticipated inflation, continued high prices of raw materials such as aluminium and barley, and increased cost-side pressures; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.