Qingdao Beer (168.hk/60000.ch): Performance is better than expected and short-term prospects are better; h share value is much higher than a share • 2q22 is better than market expectations: net profit of broom 2q22 is 24 per cent higher than the profit of the same year and income is the same as income
After being hit by the epidemic in March/April, the blisters increased their supply capacity before the season of May/June, helping 2q22 sales equal to a 7% increase in the same value of 2q22 units. The blisters also increased their Māori ratio by a relatively large margin.
In the case of higher pressure on raw materials, 1.2 ppt is higher than in the case of major rivals. As a result of unit price increases, sales and management cost rates have fallen slightly, core operating profits have increased significantly by 19 per cent, and core operating profits have increased by 1.8 ppt.
As the prices of barley, aluminium, and other package materials gradually fall from the highest point, management estimates that the cost increase of 2h22 over 1h22 is less than long-term high-end space: when the current drinking channels are heavily affected by the epidemic, there is a need to improve the quality of the market.
The growth in the sale of high-end and above products in the brooms of 1h22 is driven mainly by the "classic" of intermediate products (up 8% from the same year), while the high-end products perform poorly. As the drinking channels open, the blisters are disadvantaged on the high-end product matrix or drag their pace of continuous high-end testing.
Taking into account that sales in the blisters are 35% high and above at 1h22 (as compared to China's sub-high end and 18% above), we still believe that the potential for long-term high-end sales of the blisters is not as good as that for China.
The outlook and the future increase in the certainty of continuing equity incentives remain attractive for 22-24e and for p/e and 12 x 2023ev/ebitda. We have been upgraded to a 3)) the epidemic continues to affect current drinking channels; 4) competition in the market has increased.
Figure 1: Profit projections and financial indicators: Scavengering attention to the International Study of Pura Qingqin Financial Statements Analysis and Forecasting - Aoshima Beer
Pil Ying International, based on the company's strong performance of 1h22, a more optimistic outlook of 2h22 and continuing equity incentives in the future, has now reached a valuation of 40 x 2023p/e and 23 x 2023ev/ebitda, far higher than the rest.
The level of values is still attractive.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios - 168.hk Pessimistic scenarios: corporate incomes and profit margins are growing less than expected
The growth in corporate income and profitability is better than expected The decline in sales in Shandong has resulted in an overall increase of sales of less than 50 per cent; The overall increase in sales of more than 150 per cent:
Piljin International Spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario - 600.ch Optimism scenario: corporate income and profitability increase better than expected
(b) The company's operating profit margin in 2022 grew by 180 bps on a year-on-year basis.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]