A new price-up cycle has opened, and the global panel has turned on its head.
• For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given to Kyoto Easta. Through a global supply-and-demand analysis of the lcd panel industry, we judge that the panel industry will enter a new upward cycle in the second half of 2020.
In addition, the company’s ability to grow up well and its customers are well developed, giving the whole of Kyoto East a “buy-in” rating. The Korean factory exits, downstream demand recovers, and the panel industry moves into a new cycle of price hikes.
The strategic transformation and exit of Samsung and lgd will reduce the global supply of about 20% of the production capacity of the lcd. In addition, according to the plans of the major panels, the release of new domestic production lines is now at an advanced stage, with limited additional capacity. As a result, the supply situation of the lcd will improve significantly starting in the second half of 2020.
No. The congener’s consulting forecast is that 2020q3 global tv will grow by 1% and ring by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis. Supply and demand are resonant, with panel prices booming in June and July, and industry entering a new era of global panels waiting for the release of lcd’s performance.
The rise in the panel price is expected to blow up firm lcd’s performance. With a rapid rise in productive capacity, amoled is expected to contribute gradually.
The company currently produces and is in the process of building 3 6-generation flexible aoled production lines, with 48-k/month design capacity. In this case, Chengdu and Myangyang have successfully produced and successfully entered the list of screen suppliers in China's matepro series.
More than expected business performance is expected.Amoled has less penetration than expected in smartphones; agoled has a slower risk of productivity climbs down the slopes.
The company was created in 1993 to produce, sell tft-lcd, display panels and modules (lcm) and is also active in mobile health, digital hospitals, regenerative medicine, and the integration of health park resources.
It has grown into a global semiconductor display of giants, and in the first quarter of 2020, the company continued to be the world's number-first largest market in smartphone LCD screens, tablet screens, laptop screens, monitor screens, TV screens, and five mainstream products.
The company currently has 12 production lines, one of which is in the process of being built, with 10 production lines from lcd, and 3 production lines from amoled. By capacity, we expect to have 18.9 per cent of the world ' s tft-lcd capacity in 2019 in the east of Kyoto, which is already 13.3 per cent above lgd, and is ranked first in the world.
2. Korea’s exit from a new panel cycle, and the flashback of the lcd’s performance in the strategic transformation of 2.1, Samsung, and lgd have significantly improved the supply of the lcd, and the lgd exit has significantly reduced the capacity of the lcd.
The industry is facing overcapacity, panel prices continue to fall, and the expansion of Samsung, lgdlcd operations has increased. Due to profit pressure, Samsung and lgdisplay began a positive transition to the oled in 2019.
On March 31, 2020, sdc also announced its withdrawal from the lcd area, with Samsung showing that all lcd products would be terminated from the end of December 2020 and that large dimensions would be focused on the qd-oled area. By the end of 2019, lgd’s local production line for tv panel production was mainly p6-2, p7 and p8 with a global share of capacity.
The three-star lcd line includes the South Korean l7-2, l8-1, l8-2 and Suzhou 8.5 generation line, with a global capacity of about 13.3%, and the strategic transformation and exit of the three-star and lgd, which will significantly reduce global lcd capacity supply. New domestic lines are in the final stages, with limited capacity for new production.
It's about two years before a new panel line can be built. In the absence of a new production line, it can be expected that 2022 will not be new in 2022.
Second, the latest lcd line has risen from 8.5 generations to 10.5 generations, with investment in a 10.5 generation amounting to nearly $50 billion, significantly raising barriers to investment in new production lines. We judge that, with the withdrawal of Korea’s plant and the end of the country’s new production line, global lcd began in 2020.
Market recovery signals, three-quarter brands are active. 2020h1, the impact of the outbreak of the new crown, the postponement of sports events on the global tv market is evident.
With a volume of 50.4 million, a decline of 4.8 per cent over the same period, and a global television output of 47.4 million in 2020q2, a significant reduction of 12.2 per cent over the same period, demand for tv is expected to recover as the epidemic is brought under control and Europe and the rest of the world begin to reboot, and global output of tv is expected to grow by more than 1 per cent over the same period in the third quarter of the year, with a significant increase of more than 30 per cent over the ring.
Figure 5: Significant improvement in the volume of brand panels purchased by 2020q3tv and ring ratios by size, figure 6: Significant improvement in the volume of panels purchased by 2020q3 and the previous peak in television sales in 2010, with a 10 per cent increase in television outlets in 2009 and a 21 per cent increase in 2010.
The TV market has a replacement cycle ranging from 7 to 10 years, and television is expected to enter a new one for the next two to three years. The European Cup and Olympic Games in 2021, and the launch of the smart screen, are expected to accelerate the start of the tv change week. Large sizes continue to evolve to further boost overall demand in the industry, and Omdia is expected to benefit.
Large-scale demand is expected to exceed 11 per cent in 2019 in 2021. 2.3. Global lcd taps are waiting for performance to release the lcd tap beneficiary industries in reverse. As downstream demand recovers, panel prices rose again in June and industries are heavy.
The company is the leader of the global lcd panel, and in the first half of the year, the price of the Wuhan 10.5 ode is expected to significantly improve the level of the lcd Mäori rate. On the basis of financial data for 2019, it is assumed that the company will continue to expand its capacity and sales at a level of 1,000 square metres.
Figure 10: The global capacity of lcd in the east of Kyoto has increased steadily, the productivity has risen well, and amoled is expected to contribute gradually. The company currently produces and is building three six-generation flexible amoled production lines with a design capacity of 48 k/month.
Production went well, and we managed to enter the list of screen suppliers in China's matepro series. We expect that, as productivity continues to climb and customers expand, the company's amoled output will double. See techinsight's estimate of iphone 11 promax 66.5, and we expect company amoled in 2020.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given to Kyoto Easta. Through a global supply-and-demand analysis of the lcd panel industry, we judge that the panel industry will enter a new upward cycle in the second half of 2020.
In addition, corporate amoled production can climb well and its clients can expand well, with year-round output expected to increase significantly over last year and start contributing to performance. We anticipate three stars, lgd capacity adjustment rates and margins below expectations; tv, monitors, etc., risk of weak downstream demand;
The penetration rate of amoled in smartphones is lower than expected; its productivity is at the risk of a slow climb.