High-quality operations with strong upward momentum: South-West Securities Research and Development Centre . Performance summary: company operating income of 840 million yuan in the first half of 2020, an increase of 74.2 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
The net profit of the shareholders of the parent company was $190 million, an increase of 137 per cent in the same year. • The company operates with excellent quality and high cost control.
There has been a significant increase in the volume of shipments of the closing module and 400g light module, and in the company ' s collection and profitability, with the company achieving $567 million in the quarter of q2 in 2020, an increase of 120.9 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother.
Roughly $135 million, an increase of 179.8% over the same year, the company, as the leader in the light module industry, achieved 38.1% in the first half of the year, reflecting the company’s high-quality cost-control capacity.
Innovation is a business concept that guarantees the competitiveness of companies in terms of products and technologies. The company's current R & D investment is $40 million, a 24.3 per cent increase over the same period, supported by high R & D inputs.
The company is one of the few companies in the country that can deliver 100 g light modules, 400g light modules, and master the high-speed radiator chip encapsulation and lightware encapsulation. At the same time, the company has accelerated the upgrading of the super-high data with the successful industry’s minimum capacity of 400g light module products.
The number of corporate orders is expected to increase further with the large-scale construction of 5g and the rapid development of the idc market. The company’s current inventory is $590 million, an increase of 8% over the same period last year, reflecting the annual q2 performance level.
In the next three years, the net return to the mother will grow at a compound rate of 43.8%. Given the gradual landing of the company’s 5g orders in the second half of the year, the 400g light module output has continued to increase, the industry climate has been swollen with the 5g construction catalyst, and the company’s business has grown rapidly, covering the first time, with a “possession” rating.
One company is the core supplier of the optical communication module. The company is the core supplier of the optical communication module, components and subsystems. Since its inception, the company has been working deep in the optical communication industry, focusing on the development, production and sale of the optical module.
It should be applied to such industries as telecommunications, idc, etc. As the 5g network is built and the idc market is well developed, companies continue to open up their domestic and foreign markets, strengthen their cooperation with upstream and downstream firms and distributors of communications equipment in the industrial chain, further optimize their product and customer structures, and enhance the firm’s core competitiveness.
Compared to the company ' s Māori structure, which accounts for 94.5 per cent, 3.7 per cent and 1.8 per cent of the annual revenue, the point-to-point module, pon light module and component operations account for 98.8 per cent and 1.2 per cent of the total Māori, respectively, and the point-to-point module business accounts for the largest share of the company ' s revenue and contributes the bulk of Māori.
Corporate revenue growth has been steady, with higher levels of profitability. The company’s growth has been robust in recent years, rising from 61.5 billion in 2015 to 116.5 billion in 2019, with a compound growth rate of 89.4%, mainly benefiting from the rapid development of the idc market, which has opened up significant opportunities for the light-model industry.
The higher decline was due mainly to the fact that in 2018 some of the products were sold and priced less than in the same period of the previous year, while companies increased their fixed asset inputs and increased depreciation costs, and overall, the company ' s performance was in line with the changing pattern of revenue, maintaining an increase of around 20 per cent.
Assumption 1: With the full roll-out of the 5g construction and the rapid development of the idc market, North American idc manufacturers will move up the grid at a large scale, demand for 400g light module operations will increase significantly, company point-to-point module product prices are expected to increase, Māori rates will rise, assuming point-to-point orders for the light module increase by 40 per cent, 30 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, for 2020-2022
Assumption 2: the company ' s pon-light operations contribute little to the company and are not the company ' s main business, but with the acceleration of the 5g construction and the upgrading of the idc network transfer, the pon-light module, which provides access to the grid-light module, will also benefit from a large number of orders, which in 2019 fell rapidly as a result of the company ' s strategic focus towards the light module, which will be expected in the future.
The operation will maintain a steady growth rate, assuming a 10 per cent, 10 per cent and 10 per cent growth rate in the 2020-2022 Pon light module operation: assuming that 3: the company component business is not the main business, with a 55-fold average valuation projected by four companies in the year ahead, taking into account the acceleration in construction of 5g and the upgrading of idc to the light module
In view of the large volume of orders, we believe that corporate valuations will be higher than industry averages. Table 2: Comparable corporate valuations No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.