With sufficient hand orders, the year-round performance is expected to continue to be over-expected, with over-performance of the new ebb (300502.sz) • semi-annual reports, companies filling their hand orders, actively expanding production, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating
The company announced in its semi-annual report for 2020 that the net return to the mother would be $191 million in 2020, an increase of 137.06 per cent; the net return to the mother after deduction would be $189 million, an increase of 147.11 per cent. In 2020, the net return to the mother would be $135 million, an increase of 175.51 per cent; and the net return to the mother after deduction would be a gain of 175.51 per cent.
The technological R & D strength, delivery power and customer advantage of the relevant light module, in the broader context of the continuing high telecommunications and digital markets, as at 10 July 2020, the company had a total of about $1,069 million in hand orders, with sufficient orders, and the company ' s year-round performance is expected to continue with the high expectations reported in the second half of 2020, and we maintain the projections.
• The telecommunications digital market continues to prosper, the supply of light modules is not sustainable, companies are performing year-round demand-side, the “new infrastructure” policy continues to catalyze, the construction of the 5g base station is accelerating, a new round of 5g base station construction is expected to open in q April 2020, and with China's new wave of electricity entering, China's mobile network is building 700 m in total
As the most important source of demand for the 400g light module is currently large cloud producers, the surge in traffic has resulted in large, mega data centres purchasing 100g and 400g light modules, which are expensive. On the supply side, the company buys the original, considering both the hand and the intended order and supply cycles.
Material and inventory have increased significantly over the same period; the company ' s revenue from sales of relevant high-speed light module products has exceeded 40 per cent in 2019, a fixed increase will be implemented in 2020, with 2.85 million new high-speed light modules added, and the Department of Public Administration continues to open up new customers with long-standing and good cooperation with major clients, Xinhua San, Arista and Xinhua.
New clients, such as the Corporate Information Update - the reported overperformance google, are expected to help companies to capture more market shares in telecommunications and a new round of booms, raise their global market share and expect to outperform their business performance.
• Catalysts: China's mobile and wide power cooperation 5g is moving forward; 5g applications bring about a “spill” of growth in demand for building - a “new” leap for companies - higher-than-expected growth in performance, highlighting the value of corporate growth
According to the company ' s semi-annual report of 31 July 2020, the company achieved revenue of 837 million in the first half of 2020, a net return to the mother of 135 million yuan, an increase of 175.51 per cent over the same period, and a significant increase in the net profit to the mother of the company in the second quarter. Overall, the company ' s semi-annual report has performed well, if one quarter of the epidemic is taken into account.
The annual report will show a sharper performance, rising by 19.13 percentage points, thanks to the higher share of the company’s high-speed light module. With 400g light modules in place, the company’s Māori ratio is expected to increase further, according to the gradual replacement of the central and telecommunications markets.
Fig. 6: The 400g light module has become a major driver of the national economy ' s economic transformation as a global standard of communication technology for telecommunications and digital markets, with a single-quarter growth trend in the Māori ratio.
We attach great importance to the development of 5g technology, which has become a high point in the national strategy, and 5g communications, which will give further impetus to the rapid development of the light communications industry. With the trend towards centralization and virtualization of data in areas such as e-commerce, socialization, office, etc., data flows are high
Rapid growth, the demand for and construction of data centres, the light module being the key equipment for the in-house light network connectivity of data centres. Currently, data centre in-house connectivity is mainly based on 25g/100g technology, which is about to evolve towards the next generation, i.e. 100g/400g interconnectivity. The global Internet giants and data centre operators are all in charge.
Continue to boost the broadband upgrade of the data centre to 400g. As the 5g scale roll-out and the various applications land, the 400g light module will also be used on the 5g echo and core web.
The network announces its two 400g light modules (dr4 and fr4 at 400gqsfp-ddd) as official commercial and industry leaders. The company will continue to maintain the abundance of product lines and product leadership, working to reduce production costs, and enhancing research and development of high-end products, working towards the manufacture of photochip chips, photochip envelopes, lightware envelopes and light models.
As of 10 July 2020, the company had a total of approximately $1,069 million in hand orders, which were sufficient. The Department of Public Information has a wealth of products available to the company, based on its judgement on future trends and technological updates in the light communication industry.
Affluence and expansion, targeted for increased use in the high-speed light module production line project (1.35 billion yuan) and replenishment of the flow of capital (300 million yuan), which is currently well under way, with an additional 2.85 million high-speed annual capacity in the post-partum period
The 400g light module, with 350,000 units, has contributed to the upgrading of the company’s light communication module products and to the upgrading of overall R & D levels, consolidating the company’s position in the light communication segment market and effectively improving the competitiveness of the products. The 5g trade friction between China and the United States is not as good as expected.
Increased competition is less profitable than expected. There are a large number of manufacturers in the modular market, and price wars by manufacturers can affect the company’s profitability if competition increases.