A significant increase in performance was recorded, with significant additional savings: on March 26, the Annual Report 2017 was published. In 2017, the company achieved operating income of $94,549 million, representing an increase of 19.91 per cent compared to the previous year; it was attributed to the publicly listed public utility mine (601899.sh).
The net profit of the division’s shareholders was 3,508 million yuan, an increase of 90.66 per cent over the same period; and a basic gain of $0.16 per share was realized. Under the cash-sharing scheme issued by the company, it was proposed that the value of copper zinc per 10 dividends would rise substantially, with a substantial increase in performance. The global economy gradually recovered during the reporting period, and the prices of gold, copper and zinc, the company’s main product, with the exception of mineral gold, increased somewhat, reaching 20.8 million tons, 27 million tons, or 34.22 per cent and 7.99 per cent respectively.
\triangleright has achieved remarkable results, and the process of internationalization has advanced in an orderly manner. In 2017, companies focused on finding mineral reserves with a sustainable development philosophy, with notable results.
Over the year, more than 59.21 tons of gold were surveyed, 1.770 million tons of copper and 2189 million tons of lead and zinc, providing a strong safeguard against further growth in performance. In addition, companies continued the process of internationalization during the reporting period, with 52 per cent, 14 per cent and 35 per cent of the group ' s total overseas mineral, copper, and zinc production, respectively. Overseas project operations have steadily increased, contributing to new profit growth points.
This has allowed the company to optimize its asset and equity structure, effectively reduce asset-liability ratios, and provide strong financial support for a new round of entrepreneurship. The participation of major shareholders in subscriptions and the implementation of employee-equity schemes has raised expectations of corporate growth.
Prices do not affect much. But the uncertainty of world economic development and the deterioration of the trading environment will boost the demand for gold, and in the medium to long term we remain optimistic about the price of gold. Tons, the global market is short of 104,000 tons, and the supply gap strongly supports copper prices.
More than expected, take a look at the price of copper in 2018. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing. Risk factors: global recovery of mine production; mine production below expectations; large fluctuations in metal prices; offshore engineering construction below expectations.
Financial data on the front page of the \triangleright report is published in leading European-American journals, such as those published in journalportfoliomanage.
This report has been prepared and published by the China CSRC. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.