The reason for the report is: the annual reports, the traditional + innovation business goes hand in hand, and the performance is expected to expand.
\triangleright recorded an increase of 36.96 per cent in the year. \Trangleright, with a net profit of $645 million on shareholders in listed companies, increased respectively from the same period last year
The negative impact is the fastest growing Internet operations, with 69.02 per cent higher than last year's year's; the growth of 22.65 per cent, 43.19 per cent and 4.16 per cent, respectively, in the management of operations, wealth operations and exchange operations, with exchanges receiving a continuation of the Office's “turn back” regulatory policy in 2017.
This year, the Exchange Industry Department placed the centre in the areas of financial infrastructure at the national level, financial risk control, and large supply chains, and signed important projects such as the Central Debt-to-New Generation Core System.
As these three areas of operation are actively developed, exchangeit operations are expected to reverse the downward trend.Budget data: 31 December 2018, R & D innovations were very strong and product upgrading accelerated.
In the broader context of changing regulatory markets and technological innovation, companies actively explore the infrastructure, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
The platform’s three-tier R & D architecture meets the different R & D needs of companies. In terms of products, companies are actively applying a new generation of information technologies, continuously upgrading existing products, improving performance and quality of services, and improving the core competitiveness of products.
uf3.0 was awarded securities, which received high priority within the industry; o45 and m4 signed industry label customers, which made a breakthrough; value products that made a breakthrough in the banking sector, increased ownership of securities hosting, base gold markets; and real-time Internet-based ta research and development completed and online.
Overseas operations have grown rapidly. Over the past year, the company ' s overseas operations have generated 170 million revenues, 89.97 per cent more than the previous year ' s, with a Māori rate of 83.48 per cent and an increase of 11.25 percentage points from the previous year. Overseas M&As are 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
On the other hand, in order to further optimize and integrate the company into the relevant business layout, the company acquired the wisdom of 41.75 per cent of the remaining shares of Shanxi Securities (Hong Kong) Investment Holdings Ltd., which eventually resulted in holding shares and equity.
A total of 96.45 per cent, laying the foundation for the development of companies' operations abroad, may hold or trade securities or investment targets issued by the listed companies referred to in this report, if authorized by law by the company or its associated institutions, and may also provide them with investment banks or financial resources. Business scenes are growing rapidly and growing.
\triangleright Sino-Sino International, Sino-Chinese securities, national securities, etc.
It continues to expand, and the private IMS system is already serving in a number of large private ventures. At the same time, services such as the Conglomerator Smart Little Van, the Whale Stewardship Service, the Smart Kyc, the Xiao whales question, etc., are still rich and progressing towards an intelligent process; end-of-service, personal trading terminals, professionals, etc.
As the capital market warms up this year, financial institutions' demand for it is expected to expand, and the rapid growth of new and offshore operations is expected to increase corporate income elasticity.
Poor capital market performance, increased financial regulation, underdevelopment of innovative operations, offshore operations \triangleright