Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Internal management upgrades, external two-wheel drive to eco-economy
On 29 March, the company revealed its annual report for 2018, which generated a revenue of 3263 million yuan, an increase of 22.4 per cent over the previous year, which was in line with expectations: 516 million yuan, an increase of 142.8 per cent over the previous year.
Internal improvements. The company ' s internal organizational structure was restructured last year to consolidate some of the inefficient bruising and production trees, while staffing was optimized, with costs increasing by only 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis (of which management costs decreased by 1.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis), with costs increasing at a much faster rate than income-side increases, and management uplifts and losses.
The net return to the mother-to-child ratio increased by more than 140 per cent. 1. I. Landing of a new product, innovative operations continued to grow - 1.5 to 2.5 billion dollars in incremental income; long-term benefits from innovative technology applications such as the ai, cloud computing, and the absence of a financial int market
Further expansion, such as idc’s projection that China’s financial sector will spend more than $3 billion in 2023. Eight ai products were released throughout the year and landed in a number of areas; cloud operations grew by 115% on a year-on-year basis.
Since Ali entered the stock market, the company has moved from a software provider to a financial technology company. Recently, the Department announced that the ant gold suit would hold 100% of the share in the Helium Group directly and that it would be in the future through an ecological association with the latter.
In the same way, companies will evolve into globalization, multiple scenes, and multiple products. For example, in 2014, companies set up an interconnected medical subsidiary, Hen Seok-tae, and the following year they received investments from the Clouds Fund, and have worked with companies like Ariun, the Payment Treasures, and so on, to achieve financial, securities-based access to the powerful ecological resources of ants in gold.
Intra-firm improvements, two-wheel drive for long-term development, and in conjunction with ant gold suits, open up the room for eco-development. We have raised the company’s profit forecast, and the company is expected to make a net profit in 2019-2021.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market