The company's annual report, 2018, achieved business income of $3263 million in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
Target period: 12 months Mother net profit of 516 million yuan, an increase of 142.77 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flow of 934 million yuan, an increase of 16.43 per cent in the same year.
The increase in performance was in line with expectations, with an increase of 27.99 per cent over the previous year in the return to the mother ' s net profit of $304 million, or 149.14 per cent over the same period.
Rate optimization was significant; the sales rate was 27.03 per cent, a decrease of 1.1 pct compared to the same period last year; the management cost rate (new caliber) was 13.67 per cent, a decrease of 3.38 pct compared to the same period last year; the R&D cost rate was 43.05 per cent, and the regulatory, new product penetration rate increased to drive a steady growth in traditional business.
uf3.0 of the company ' s new generation core business platform, 2018, awarded bid securities, o45 and m4 signed industry pole customers, and the new regulations on the harmonization of financial management led to systems such as structural deposits, net-value products, product transfers, financial distribution and sales, information disclosure, financial valuation, etc.
The growth in the performance of Helium Electronics (600570) is higher than expected, and Internet operations and modules demand.
Continuous R & D investment to drive technological upgrading in the industry.
With upgrading, companies in the future will rely on their strong technological power to provide a holistic solution to finance, and to promote the overall upgrading of the financial technology architecture to lineline.
I submit this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.