The real rate of increase was higher than expected at the beginning of the year, with financial reforms driving business growth - 645 million reported in 2018, representing an increase of 36.96 per cent in the same year and 516 million net profit from deductions, representing an increase of 142.77 per cent in the same year.
>The real rate of increase was higher than expected at the beginning of the year, with a marked increase in innovation business of 3263 million in 2018, representing an increase of 22.38 per cent in comparison, a net return to the parent company of 645 million, an increase of 36.96 per cent in comparison with the figure of 516 million, an increase of 142.77 per cent in comparison with the figure of 142.77 per cent.
Against the backdrop of a 41 per cent decline, corporate income continued to grow at a higher real rate than the budget at the beginning of the year, with revenues from innovative business also maintaining a good growth rate of 33 per cent from the same year-on-year growth in the constant pool of affiliates, 81 per cent from the same year-on-year increase in net profits, 73 per cent from the same year-on-year growth in the Yunya Network, and 191 per cent from the same year-on-year increase in net profits, indicating that the company was in Saas.
The cloud series and artificially intelligent products have produced remarkable results, and innovation is expected to continue at a rapid pace in an environment of policy support and growing demand.
On 30 March, the first three receiving companies entered the “inquiries” phase and, from 23 January, the Central Commission for the Further Development of the general implementation programme through the establishment of a roll-out panel and pilot registration system. On 1 March, the rules of the roll-out were officially in place. On 22 March, the first nine receiving companies were announced, and the plate was kept up and running.
One of the priorities of the year is to accelerate the development of financial market infrastructure and steadily promote the development of key information bases in the financial sector. Nationalization and regulatory reform will continue to drive changes in the relevant systems, leading to the upgrading and transformation of the financial system, and, in this context, a new round of high growth is expected to take place in 2019.
Systems-building, financial-it-led firms are more than twice and 32 times higher. As industry-led firms, the gold dividend drives a new round of growth against the backdrop of a change in the science-making landscape and regulatory system.
A “recommended” rating is maintained, taking into account the future growth of its operations, and policies fall short of expectations and business growth short of expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.