The product structure continues to upgrade, with 12 inches of building up production capacity - the company ' s incident assessment report (688396.sh).
Operating income of $4.760 billion fell by 5.36 per cent in the same year, and net return profit of zhanglu2@cfsc.com.cn fell by 61.11 per cent in the same year.
During the first half of 2024, the domestic semiconductor market recovered and the industrial stock fell to a reasonable level of water, while downstream demand warmed back to full water capacity utilization, product prices stabilized, operating revenues reached $4.760 billion and returns were realized.
RMB, 25% ring growth, $247 million net return to the mother, 644% ring growth, improved corporate performance, and a positive upward trend.
In the first half of 2024, from a downstream perspective, the corporate product and programme blocks were new in the field of energy (car type and new energy sources), consumer electronics, industrial equipment, revenue collection were more significant, up to 22 per cent, and products entered Biadi, Jili, I.
The company's roll-out of the igbt module, the ipm module, the tmbs module, the mosfet module has been successful, with an overall increase of 85%.
Accumulation of the strategic layout of the drive, long-term development of kinetic energy. Short-term pressure, long-term project performance.
In the manufacturing and service sectors, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, laying the foundation for technological superiority. In the first half of 2024, the company’s cover business grew by 136 per cent and 1241 per cent, respectively.
Modules, ipm modules have been mass-produced; the rate of new disguises has always been higher than 98%, high-end masking projects have been linked in June and the production and delivery of the first 90nm high-end masking product has been completed.
The 12-inch crystalline production line in Chongqing is currently going up the slope stage, building a 12-inch production line of about 40,000 pieces of crystal round production for a month, which can be further expanded to provide a full-scale manufacturing service to clients.
The gradual release of capacity, such as 12 inches, containment bases, is expected to continue to repair and increase performance, maintaining an “enhanced” investment rating, and the risk that downstream demand will fall short of expectations.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.