The recovery versus net profit ring ratio has improved, and the process versus product has continued to upgrade.
Division operations can be divided into product and programme, manufacturing and service lines: product and programme operations, section focus semiconductors, array mixes, smart sensors and smart control, idm model s09801208001
The manufacturing and service industry provides substitute services such as crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, etc. The 2024 company ' s real product and program plate (48%) is about 20% Māori and car electronics, poweric, etc. accelerates expansion. The product structure of the product and programme operations is gradually being optimized: 39% new energy, 36% consumer electronics, industry, etc.
Adi, Gilly, Air, Long An, Mitsubishi, etc. Key car companies. Industry in the igbt product line (with photovoltaics), auto electronics sales over 70%: Igbt, Ipm, tmbs, mosfet, 85% increase in the overall size of the module; poweric products have increased their share in the electric market and have been collected in the same way.
The manufacturing and service plate (49%) has a Māori rate of about 33% and the process platform continues to be upgraded. On the manufacturing platform, 0.11mbcd, 0.15m high performance bcd, new generation hvic, cmos-mems single chip integrated ink-printing multiplatform technology products enter the risk volume product and release 0.18umsoibcd,
Advanced encapsulation operations (silicon microelectronics) have increased by 136% over the same period, the sip module has achieved large-scale production; the power encapsulation (Running technology) has increased by 1241% over the same period, and the ipm module has achieved large-scale production.
The research and development of the 1h24 company accounts for 12.05% of its R & D investment and the masking business is moving forward. The 1h24 company has invested $574 million, an increase of 4.89% in the same year, while the research and development of products such as nitrides, siconos, etc. is continuing. In addition, the sheltering business has increased by 22.4% in the same year, and the share of high-level products has gradually increased, and the cost of covering new products has gradually increased.
More than 98 per cent held, and 99.97 per cent of priority client products delivered on time; high-end masking project was completed in June with seamless production and delivery of the first 90nm high-end mask product.
Investment Recommendations: Taking into account the impact of industry price reductions on Māori rates and the optimization of corporate cost ends, based on the U.S.
Figure 3: Company collection structure of recent sub-products (%): company Māori rate and net interest rate (%) for the last five years: company cost rate for the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenues over the last five years (millions of yuan, %) Authors ensure that data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future