The net profit for the second quarter alone increased by 64 per cent over the same period, and the continued release of the domain controllers left a net profit of 454 million yuan to the mother, +64 per cent over the same period.
$6,045 million, +27.5 per cent, ring + 7.0 per cent, corporate growth faster than productivity gains in the automobile industry, new products and new technologies as the competitiveness of the products of the company ' s smart cabin business and its smart driving business increases.
On the one hand, on the other hand, at the stock end, the company’s important clients are ideal cars, Gilly cars, Chirre cars, a pop-up public, and high-voltage steam.
The sales of Toyota, Toyota, Volta and Toyota in 2024q2 were increased by +26 per cent, +29 per cent, +41 per cent, -24 per cent, -5 per cent, -16 per cent, -23 per cent, respectively; on the other hand, the incremental model and the incremental product contributed to the significant performance of 2024q2 growth, either in or out of ideal, virtuoso, and so on.
In the first half of 2024, the company's smart cabin operations collected $7,965 million, or +27.4 per cent, of the same amount.
Modelled volume production, and obtained new project orders from customers such as Chirre, Gilly, and Toyota. The fourth generation of smart-space controllers has already produced a product on customers such as ideal cars, and continues to obtain new project orders such as ideal cars, wide-air vehicles, and Gilly cars.
On the other hand, in the first half of 2024, 2,667 million dollars, compared to 45.1 per cent, were collected by the company ' s smart driving business.
"Desessive (00292.sz) - Quarterly harvests increased by 42%, domain controllers continuously upgraded; lightweight smart-driving domain control products have been recognized by multiple clients and have been awarded Chirry "Desessive" (0029220.sz) 2023 with a new project order of over 24.5 billion,
A new project, such as a car, a red flag, and the company's strategic alignment with long-line intelligence and strategizing.
In addition, the company has accelerated its internationalization by setting up subsidiaries, offices, production bases in several regions of the world and working on localization.
The first quarter of 2023 saw a 27 per cent increase in revenue in Desessive (002922.sz) over production and services that responded positively to clients’ needs and contributed to the arrival of several new overseas project orders.
Delceywig's smart driving camp received 2,667 million yuan, equal to +45.05 per cent, Māori 18.94 per cent, same to +1.93 ptt, smart cabin to $7,965 million, same to +27.43 per cent, Māori to 19.60 per cent, same to ~0.02 pt, increased competitiveness of web-connected products, the location and development of new products and technologies, the opening of new customers, new businesses, and assistance.
Robust corporate revenue, profit break-overs, while new orders are kept up steadily. Figure 5: Increase in vehicle/car fleet output compared to the growth rate in Dexieville camp. Figure 6: Increase in vehicle/car fleet output compared to the quarterly increase in Dexiewe camp
A steady decrease in the rate of 2024q24, with financial cost rates of the same magnitude being influenced mainly by changes in exchange gains and losses. Figure 9: Changes in the four rates in Desaisisville, Figure 10: Changes in the four rates in the single quarter in Desaisisville
According to data released by the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, 2024q2 of the country ' s vehicle output by car was equal to +4.47 per cent, while Desai Weiwei ' s revenue was equal to +27.5 per cent, surpassing the industry ' s 23 pct, and strong performance growth was mainly due to the high volume of stock customers ' sales growth, the build-up of incremental new customers, and the rapid uphills of sales after new projects were landed. On the one hand, on the stock end, the stock side, the public side, the public side.
The Division’s major clients – car, Gilly, Chirre, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Toyota, and, on the other hand, incremental vehicle models and incremental products – contributed to significant performance growth of 202,0202 – either in or out of ideal, cary, gas, etc.
For traditional car companies, Gilly, Hiro, and Chirre’s new model are expected to continue to make a significant contribution in 2024. We combed Chirre’s sales of 2024h1, Chirí’s global sales of 88.6 million vehicles, 36% more than in the same year, and Chirry’s global sales of 90.7 million vehicles, 113% more than in the same year.
With regard to the new power of car construction, the next generation of autopilot controller ipu04, based on the British Weddarin chip, has been trained to target new drivers such as cars, pelican cars, kryptonite brands, Eian brands, etc., as well as projects in mainstream traditional car companies, and is now in the production phase, with 2022h2 starting to scale production.
l7, l8, l9, mega achieved sales of 3.09/1.2009/0.23 million in 2024q2, respectively, of which figure 14: ideal l7, l8, l9, mega monthly sales (car) energy-motion-interactive, Desai Siwei is a motor movement and an interactive motor intelligence tap.
Cars, which can be divided roughly into sub-decks and sub-decks, which are physically interactive under the smart seat, field scenes, with the industrial chain broken down as "chips-systems-applications-shows-shows," screens, Hud, glass, car lights, etc., are expected to be core interactive products. Underboards are mainly smart power and smart driving, smart power is integrated into three.
Power systems, as the core energy support for the whole drive; intelligent driving, based mainly on the "sensor-calculation platform-auto-driving algorithm" to the implementation level, achieve horizontal and vertical control of the movement. In summary, the three core elements of the entire end of the smart car are energy, motion, interaction, and the Dexahway is a cluster of motion and interaction.
Figure 15: The three core elements of the future smart car at the end of the car: energy, motion, interaction.
As a motorist and interactive motor intelligence leader, the heart of Desaiway's business is focused on intelligent driving (22.81% in the first half of 2024), and smart cabins (22.81% in the first half of 2024).
The smart driver is a fast-growing company business, with a central focus on intelligent driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04), smart cabins on sound company development operations, and a central focus on large monolithics in the cabin (LCD meters, central controls, airspace controllers).
The rediscrypt Desaiway development path, from smart cabins to smart driving, from big monolithics to integration, from autonomous-joint-head ownership, new forces and joint ventures, incremental (to-customers), price increases (to-value-added product product product class extension) are the core logic that cuts across Desaiway's clients and products.
In the first half of 2024, the competitiveness of corporate smart cabin operations, smart driving products, the location and development of new products and technologies, the opening up of new customers, new businesses, support companies' revenue collection, and continued profit break-ups, while the acquisition of new orders continued to increase steadily.
The company's performance is still moving up. The company constantly expands its combined power in product innovation, R & D technology, customer resources, smart manufacturing, quality control, industrial ecology, network security, building technological links from intellectual travel to intelligent transport, and actively addressing the new four-fold trend in the automobile industry.
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved $11,692 million in revenue, compared to +34.0 per cent, and the breakthrough of new clients (up the volume) underpinned high growth in corporate performance.
Price rises: Product dimensions, focusing on three major operations: smart cabins, smart drivers and network services. Companies are deeply focused on the efficient integration of the three main areas of smart cabins, smart drivers and network services, and continue to develop highly integrated smart hardware and leading software algorithms to provide safe, comfortable and efficient migration for global clients.
At this stage, the company has succeeded in building a healthy, balanced, sustainable industry matrix with three clusters of smart pods, smart drivers, web services, mature business, growth business, incubating business three development curves, driving the company to grow.
The launch of the smart travel solution of high-efficiency cutting-edge product technology, smart travel solutions that provide users with a better road for coordinated intellectual driving autopilot experience, represents a step closer to the company's mission of creating a more secure, comfortable and efficient travel life.
1) Smart class: Business income of $7,965 million in the first half of 2024 increased by 27% from the same year. With regard to smart cabins, the company is committed to building new human interactions that satisfy the future intelligent travel scene. Based on an understanding of the future user's travel scene experience, it relies on intelligent interactive systems, intelligent display hardware, intelligence.
Field control hardware, smart computing solutions, re-engineering of travel experiences to meet the needs of users for their personality in a car scene, providing user safety and comfort and easy travel experiences. In the first half of 2024, corporate smart cabin operations continued to grow steadily, driven by a multi-metagical and market extension strategy.
Breaking by $7,965 million, an increase of 27.4 per cent over the same period, figure 17: Desaiway smart cabin operations.
The company’s third-generation smart space controller has been able to produce large quantities of products in the car type of many customers, such as the ideal car, the Chirre car, the BV car, and obtain new orders from customers such as Chiré, Jili car, and Hiroshima Toyota.
The size of the market has increased rapidly. The fourth-generation smartspace controller has been able to produce a product on an ideal car, etc., and continues to obtain several new project orders, such as an ideal car, a wide-air passenger vehicle, and a Gilly car.
In addition, it is possible to combine the insider's sense of interactivity with an internal and external function. At the application level, it is possible to support in-board office movement, berthing, etc., which is currently available in the country.
Information and entertainment systems, display systems, and LCDs have taken a leading role in the country, continuously expanding the share of global markets and gaining a number of new client projects in a number of international markets such as Europe, Japan, and South-East Asia.
The information and entertainment system has secured new project locations for customers such as Broad-Ann, Wide-Air Car, Wall Car, Mazda, Toyotaindoneia; it shows that the system has obtained several new project orders for customers, both offshore and overseas, such as Chiré, Jili, Wall, Volkswagen, Toyota, Ceer, Seet, Audi, Cat, etc.
In the first half of 2024, in terms of new products for customers such as Broad Gas E-Ann, Wide-A-R-R-R-R-A-R, Toyota, Hiroshima, Stillantis, Cat, the company's body area control product was fielded and obtained new orders for domestic and external customers such as Cars, Chirres, Proton, etc.: Hud and electronic mirrors.
On the smart pilot side, companies are committed to providing industry’s leading corporate solutions for smart driving, product coverage, smart driver computing systems, sensors, algorithms, etc., to create a safe, comfortable and efficient intelligence for users around the world.
In the first half of 2024, the company ' s smart driving business continued to grow at a very high rate, with an operating income of 2,667 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 45.05 per cent over the same period. With the widespread use of smart driving, it is particularly important that the high-level smart driving function, represented by the city ' s noa, be scaled up to a high-growth commercial opportunity.
Motivated corporate smart driving continues to grow at a high rate. Figure 18: Desaiway smart driving, as smart driving functions are upgraded and spread, cars will face enormous safety challenges.
In late 2023, the company obtained an advanced certificate of functional security for the smart car solution Iso 21448 (sotif) issued by the international authoritative certification agency ulsoltions, marking the company’s expected functional safety risks in managing and controlling road vehicles.
The company’s smart-driving domain controller product has been leading the industry for many years, and the product matrix is more balanced and well-balanced, fully adapted to diverse market demands. Arithmetic smart-driving domain controllers are already ideal for cars, poles, and so on.
Clients such as kryptonite have grown in size and are receiving orders from several mainstream customers, such as Toyota, Walle, Busa Eyan, Upper Steam General, East Wind, etc. The company's lightweight smart driver, domain control products have been endorsed by multiple customers and new client projects such as Chiri, a red flag, etc. have been identified.
Based on the development of a new generation of high-calculation central computing platform chips, the company has entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with longline intelligence and Xiang Xiang to facilitate the accelerated landing of a new generation of integrated and even central computing platforms with high-level autopilot hardware and software system requirements.
Smart driving continues to grow. Car intelligence is accelerating its evolution towards high-level intelligent driving, marked by noa, and high-level intelligent driving is increasingly demanding the performance of millimetre wave radars. In the first half of 2024, the company released a new generation of high-performance.
A series of sensor products such as cascade radar, fd03 forward to mm wave radar, and crd03e corner radar provide sensory support for high-level intelligent drivers. During the reporting period, the company ' s millimetre wave radar product has obtained new project orders for vehicles such as Chirí, Hiroshima and Toyota.
3) Networking operations: focusing on vehicle-borne software development and operating services and acquiring new orders from leading domestic and international companies
The company's whole-of-the-art solutions, smart access, and a cabin space eco-service have been continuously upgraded and obtained orders for new domestic and international projects such as ideal cars, Chirés, céer, Chang An, Toyota, Hiro and Toyota.
Figure 19: Increased number: Client dimensions, company access to international markets, enhanced client structure. Currently, the company ' s third-generation high-performance smart cabin product is the main driver of the growth of smart cabin operations.
Ideal car, Chirre car, Hiro Moo-Aan, Hiro-Air-Vehicle, etc., and new projects for multiple mainstream customers such as Chi-Ri, Hiro-Vehicle car, Hiro-Ean, Biadi car, etc., have also been set up for the fourth generation of passenger products such as the ideal car, Jili car, Hiro-Aan, and the Trans-Ali car, etc., and
On the driving side, high-calculable smart-driving platforms have produced a number of vehicles, such as ideal cars, pelicans, Lutus, Guangmo Eyan, Kirk, etc., and have acquired new project orders for ideal cars, Hiroshima, Ann, Gilly, Walle, Lutus, Kirchlers, etc., for more than 10 companies;
Corporate internationalization is accelerating. Companies are constantly pursuing local internationalization strategies and increasing overseas market input.
The project includes an office building and a 3d antenna surveying laboratory, and the new technology park provides ample development space for the company’s internationalization process in Europe. Meanwhile, Desecway Europe has set up its first office in Paris, France, to further strengthen its client territorial service capabilities and provide better support and solutions to clients.
In addition, the company has launched a smart factory construction project in Spain that will respond to demand from European and neighbouring markets with a shorter delivery time and faster service speed, with localized production capacity. As the process of corporate globalization progresses, the company has established subsidiaries, offices, and production bases in several regions of the world and is committed to localizing them.
Production and services respond positively to clients’ needs and contribute to the arrival of several new overseas projects’ orders. The company has always been client-market-oriented and has been increasing its dynamic development. In the first half of 2024, the American Motor News magazine rebuffed its 2024 global 100th record of auto parts and components suppliers, and the company has been on the list for four consecutive years.
The world’s 100-strong supplier of auto parts and components, currently ranked 74th, up 15th from last year’s, is one of the most advanced firms in the year, and the company’s brand power has increased. In terms of capacity, while business continues to grow, companies have stepped up their capacity to meet demand for orders.
During the first half of the year, in Chengdu, the company’s Midwest base project was officially launched, the Heinan II smart factory was officially inaugurated, and a foundation ceremony was held at the Spanish smart factory in Desailawe, where the company was building production capacity in several parts of the world and was committed to providing supply security to its customers.
Figure 20: Desai Si Wei sets in motion the indigenous production process in Spain. Figure 21: Desai Si Wei for four consecutive years has been ranked as the world ' s top 100 suppliers of auto parts and components.
Investment proposal: a small downward profit forecast that maintains a better rating than the big market. Desai Siewy, as a car electronic leader: 1) Traditional products benefit from a one-car upgrade in value: a car with a control screen and a liquid crystal meter is a cabin battery.
The sub-core component, which is the portal to the future intelligent motor vehicle interaction, has in recent years experienced an upgrade in content, quality, and form of driver's demand for car-borne entertainment systems. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from key to primary, with a single-car value raised from the original 600 to 700 to over $2,000, with Dessehway as an autonomous vehicle.
The core of the company has benefited from the upgrading of its traditional automobile business. 2) The focus on new products outside the mainframe business has been on smart driving, smart cabins, smart grid connections: smart cabins, operating revenue of $7,965 million in the first half of 2024, an increase of 27 per cent over the previous year, and the company's third generation smart seat
The class controller has been scaled up on the model of many customers, such as the ideal car, the Chirre car, the BV car, and obtained new project orders from customers, such as Chiré, Gilly, and the Bulvan Toyota, and the market has risen rapidly. The fourth generation of smart space controllers has been matched on the ideal car, etc., and continues to achieve the desired level of productivity.
There are several new project orders, such as cars, cars, cars, and cars. In addition, more different airspace prosecution cases get new project fixes. Information entertainment systems, displays, and LCDs have taken a lead in the country, continuously expanding the global market share and gaining multiple new customers in many international markets, including Europe, Japan, and South-East Asia.
Project location. In the first half of 2024, 2,667 million yuan was collected, a 45 per cent increase in the same year, with high-value smart-driving domain controllers already producing large quantities of products on ideal cars, kryptonite cars, etc., and new orders from a number of mainstream clients, such as Toyota cars, Wall Street cars, Hiromoyans, Upper Air Generals, East Wind Daily Productions, etc.
The collection has continued to grow, and the company’s lightweight smart-driving domain control product has been recognized by a number of customers and has been targeted for new projects such as the Dichiri car, a red flag, and so on. Based on the development of a new generation of high-calculation central computing platform chips, the company has entered into strategic cooperation agreements with long-line intelligence and Xiao Xing to promote a new generation of pilot-ships.
On the smart network side, company-wide ota solutions, smart access, and a continuous upgrade of the cabin space eco-services.
Ideal cars, Chirres, céer, Chang An, Toyota, Hiroshima, Toyota, etc.) customer structures are optimized year by year, with core client groups including mainstream autonomous brand customers, joint brand clients and overseas customers, companies actively opening up international markets, and customer structures are strengthened. Companies are constantly internationalizing their home countries.
2024h1, The European New Science Park in Texas, at the founding ceremony in Weimar, Germany, has now started a phase of work that includes office buildings and a 3d antenna surveying laboratory, which provides ample space for companies to develop in the process of internationalization in Europe. Meanwhile, Texas Europe is a part of the world’s history.
The company has set up its first office in Paris, France, to further strengthen its customer territorial service capabilities and to provide better support and solutions to clients. In addition, it has launched a project in Spain to build smart factories that will respond to the demand of European and neighbouring markets with a shorter delivery time and faster service speed, building on indigenous production capacity.
As the process of corporate globalization progresses, companies have established subsidiaries, offices, production bases in several regions of the world, and are committed to responding positively to clients' needs with localized production and services, contributing to a number of new overseas investments: a small reduction in profit forecasts and maintaining a better rating than large markets.
The bottom of each other's product is the national driver's head. I (interactive + driving) taking into account the fluctuations in the output of different items, third-generation and fourth-generation smart cabin products have been scaled up, more different seats have been added. The hatch control program has been set for new projects, ipu03, ipu04, lightweight smart driving domain control products have been taken.
In addition, companies have entered into strategic cooperation agreements with long-line intelligence and Xiao Xiao, which together promote the accelerated landing of a new generation of monolithic and even central computing platforms, and the subsequent enrichment of orders, which are expected to continue to exceed the industry.
(ii) Smart driving is relatively scarce, and companies are currently a small number of producers with the capacity to produce the autopilot domain controller products, industry drivers are scarce, industry space is large, and there are valuations. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author