q3 Performance under pressure and high dividends continue to highlight the value of the investment - PEC (600028.sh) incident assessment report issued by China's petrochemicals three-quarter performance report: operating income achieved in January-September 2024
236,541 million yuan, a 4.19 per cent decline over the same period; net return profit of 44,247 million; loss of gross profit on oil prices and petrochemical products resulting in performance pressure 2024q3 and net profit on corporate returns of 9,311 million yuan less than on the same year, a sharp decrease
One of the reasons for the downside of 50% of the performance was that the fall in oil prices led to a sharp decline in corporate stock returns on a year-on-year basis. Last year, the unilateral upward trend in oil prices of q3 was reversed in the same period in 2024, with the average q3 Brent oil falling by more than $7 on a year-on-year basis.
Billion dollars, 10% decline in the ring, significant impairments. Moreover, as a result of lower oil prices, the company ' s petroleum petrochemical product has declined in Maori, and its performance in q3 has also focused on shareholder returns, making it clear that it will receive a fair share of the red over the next three years.
For 65%, the future will continue to be stable with high scores, and the company has given high priority to investor returns, maintaining continuity and stability over the years. Since 2022, the board of directors has strengthened value management and initiated the implementation of internal and external shares.
This year, the company will continue to buy back its shares. The board has proposed that the annual share of cash in the company should be no less than in the next three years.
The demand for chemicals is still missing, the company has achieved significant losses, high-quality reserves, lower oil prices, catalytic corporate benefits rehabilitation 2024-08-13.
In January-September 2024, the domestic chemical market remained low, with companies operating 62.17 million tons of chemical products, 1.26 million tons less than in the same year, and chemical plate ethylene/synthetic resins/synthetic fibre monomer and polymers/synthetic fibres/synthetic rubber products.
With measures such as diversification of raw materials, placement of negative marginal efficiency devices and operational shutdowns, and opening of off-shore markets, the corporate chemical panels have achieved full product sales this year, resulting in a loss of $4,787 million before interest tax, representing a decrease of $1.92 billion compared to the same period last year.
The benefits of the reduction in the chemical panels were significant, and as oil prices went down and demand improved, the chemical panels were expected to gain. The economic downturn brought down demand for crude oil; the project was not as productive as expected; and the price of raw materials was expected.
Higher prices; lower demand than expected; risk of high volatility in product prices, etc. Chemical engineering, introduction to new materials, corporate strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.