In the evening of 28 October 2024, China ' s petrochemicals issued their third quarterly report for 2024. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved business income of 2,366,541 million yuan, a decrease of 4.19 per cent in comparison with the previous quarter.
Profit of $44,247 million, a decrease of 16.46 per cent in the same year; net profit of $43,967 million realized from deductions to the parent ' s net profit; three quarters fall in oil prices + narrow harvest of petrochemical products, and corporate performance has fallen.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the international oil price boom operated, and in the first half of the year, oil prices stagnated and declined steadily; in the third quarter, the northern hemisphere was driving up international oil prices during the season, followed by a seasonal fall in oil demand, compounding the weakening global macroeconomic situation and a slowdown in geo-geological anxiety.
International oil prices have collapsed. The average Brent oil price was $81.6 per barrel in the first three quarters of 2024, roughly the same period as last year, with an average of $78.7 per barrel in the third quarter, affected by the fall in oil prices in the third quarter, and the company’s stock returns have been significantly reduced.
The Division ' s exploration and exploitation, refining, marketing and chemical panels achieved operating gains of 427, 66, efficiency gains from increased reserves and higher operating returns on a year-on-year basis, the third quarter of which was affected by the fall in oil prices and a small drop in operating returns, while downstream refining and marketing blocks, which were narrowly absorbed by the Maori economy, were also reduced.
The weak impact of demand for sub-products is compounded by the rapid fall in oil prices in the third quarter, the collapse of cost-side support, and the overall weakening of downstream plate operating gains.
In terms of storage, exploration for shale gas in the Sichuan basin, the new belt in the northern Gulf basin, etc., has made a major breakthrough, and the construction of a national demonstration area for Xinjiang shale oil has advanced efficiently. In terms of increased production, the previous three quarters achieved 386 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, an increase of 2.6 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, with crude oil production.
In terms of efficiency gains, the company continued to move forward with the optimization of exploration and development costs, with the company operating the cash cost of hydrocarbons at $15 per barrel for the previous three quarters, a decrease of $0.3 per barrel for the same period.
In terms of current prices, the company achieved a price of $76.6 per barrel of crude oil in the previous three quarters, corresponding to the increase in the same period.
Blocks, 191 million tons of crude oil processed by the company in the first three quarters of 2024, down by the same year - cindasecuitiesco., ltd 1.6 per cent, and finished oil production of 117 million tons, down 0.8 per cent from the same year, the main increase being from steam.
The company optimized the processing load and the product balance due to the weak demand for diesel fuel.
Construction, increasing the production of marketable products such as gasoline and sea coal, reducing diesel production. Cash operating costs for refining oil in the previous three quarters were $3.69 per barrel, a decrease of 8 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, due to enhanced cost controls, but the company ' s first three months were reduced owing to the weakening of the demand for finished oil and the rapid fall in oil prices in the last three quarters.
The total volume of oil produced by the company in the third quarter was 182 million tons, an increase of 0.6 per cent over the same period, of which the total volume of oil sold in the country was 138 million tons, a decrease of 3.2 per cent over the same period, the company's further expansion of overseas markets, and the export of finished oil increased by 15 per cent over the same period last year.
Relatively weak, the company optimizes its output structure rationally, runs high loads of profitable devices, puts down loads of marginal efficiency devices and shuts down operations. In terms of production, the company ' s first three seasons of pressure has reduced ethylene, synthetic resin, synthetic rubber output, and has increased the production of vinyl panels, public.
Ethylene production in the first three quarters of the Division decreased by 5.8 per cent, synthetic fibre monomer and polymer production by 7.38 million tons, a 24.1 per cent increase in the same year, while in terms of cost pressure, the full processing cost per unit in the first three quarters of the industrial plate was $1321 per ton, a 10 per cent decrease in the same period.
Industrial production costs are further optimized to meet the challenges of the industry’s low-growth cycle. The refining sector is expected to accelerate, and the industry’s competitive edge is likely to be strengthened.
Within, tens of millions of tons of refined oil can produce about 55% of the capacity. According to the U.S.I. data, up to tons. We believe that the future phase-out of small-scale refineries is expected to accelerate, with industries or stocks entering the age of competition.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has the advantage of a whole industry chain and in recent years has continued to optimize the cost of production, with a higher degree of flexibility in terms of capacity restructuring, diversification of raw materials, synergies of production and marketing, and in the context of a peak in the supply side of the industry and structural deepening of the company.
Prospective profits and investment ratings: We expect a further improvement in the pattern of corporate net return profits in 2024-2026, and we maintain a firm’s “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of a company's new productive capacity falling short of expectations; risk of unrepairable downstream demand; risk of substitution for the sale of new energy vehicles
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director at the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Central and Specialized Carbon Research Committee of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., and led research on medium and long-term projections of energy consumption.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.