The company's depth reports – the environmental utility sector, electricity and water prices are expected to rise, new energy sources open up new growth space, energy and electricity (600025.sh)
The company has acquired the power to develop hydropower resources in the river basin and has developed a total installed capacity of about 32 million kilowatts. To date, pottery has been used as a tool for development.
At the end of the year, the dry stream has a capacity of 21.35 million kilowatts of hydroelectric power, and there are still substantial hydropower resources available for development, with 100% of the installed capacity to be developed being held by the company. The Toba hydroelectric plant (1.4 million kilowatts) currently under construction is expected to generate electricity online in 2025; 8 in Tibet.
The hydroelectric plant (total installed capacity of 9,618,000 kilowatts) is in the process of being built gradually, with construction expected to begin in the 14th and 5th phases. Adequate project reserves will provide ample space for the company’s continued development.
In energy-intensive industries such as Silicon, supply and demand patterns have become tight, with the price of marketed electricity in Yunnan province rising each year for the last five years. According to the most recent data from Kunming Power Exchange Centre, in July 2022, the price of electricity in Yunnan province was 0.15499, an increase of $0.0255.
Planning for a “two million kilowatts” clean energy base opens up new opportunities for growth. The company is building new energy sources based on the advantages of the hydroelectric zone, and is to be located in the southern part of the Yangtze River during the 1450s.
The Tibetan sector plans to build a “two million kilowatts” clean energy base. In 2022, 15 new energy projects are planned to start, with a capacity of 1.3 million kilowatts; at the end of the “14th Five” it is expected that the new sources will accumulate 10 million kilowatts.
Net cash flows are strong, and the construction of new energy projects is well under way. Hydropower operators are largely flat, and companies should enjoy a certain amount of energy, given that higher market prices for electricity in Yunnan Province have led to higher hydropower profitability, and that the 14th Five-Year Energy Plant is growing in space.
_ Power hikes and lower financial costs drive performance growth, new energy.
The source is expected to open up a new growth space with drivers, key assumptions and major projections: sitting in the maze. Hydropower to be developed over 10 million kilowatts. The company has won power to develop hydroelectric resources in the river basin.
The total installed capacity is approximately 32 million kilowatts. To date, 21.35 million kilowatts of hydroelectric power have been installed in the last river. There is still a significant amount of hydropower resources available for development. The proposed capacity is fully owned by the company.
In Yunnan, market prices are expected to continue to rise. In Yunnan, high-energy industries such as aluminium and silicon have been heavily introduced since 2017, supply and demand trends have become tight, and marketed electricity prices in Yunnan have been rising each year for the last five years. According to the latest data from the Kunming Power Exchange Centre, 2022
In July of this year, the market price for electricity in Yunnan Province reached US$ 0.15499, an increase of US$0.0255 for the same year. We expect that the upward trend in electricity prices will continue during the 1455s, with an increase of US$ 0.01-0.02 a year.
Planning for the construction of a “two million kilowatts” clean energy base, with new energy opening up new growth space. The company relies on the advantages of hydropower to develop new energy sources, and plans for the construction of a “two million kilowatts” clean energy base in the southern and Tibetan parts of the Yangtze River during the 1455s. 15 new projects are planned to start in 2022, with a capacity of 1.3 million kilowatts; and a new energy build-up is expected at the end of the 1405s.
The company’s debt financing space is high, low cost, and its operating net cash flow is high, guaranteeing new energy lines. The company’s annual average cost of electricity and water on the Internet is 0.22/0.23/0.24 yuan; according to the company’s 1455 new energy construction plan, and taking into account that the electricity operator is largely flat, considering that the market price of electricity in Yunnan Province has led to an increase in hydropower profitability, and that the 14th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Water is higher than expected; the market price of Yunnan is higher; and the development of new energy is faster than expected. Water is lower than expected: the price of electricity on the Internet is lower: the development of new energy is less advanced than expected.
I. The WAELCOM hydroelectric platform (i) has a strong resource profile, leading to a power tap, and a resource niche.
Founded in 2001 and placed on the market in 2017. The company has the power to develop dry-flow hydropower resources throughout the river basin and is responsible for the construction and operation of the river basin. As of the first quarter of 2022, HMG held 50.4% of the company’s shares and was a company-owned shareholder; the three former shareholders held 90% of the shares and the equity structure was stable.
By the end of 2021, the company had put into production a holding capacity of 2,31838 kilowatts, of which 2,294,880 kilowatts of water, 135,000 kilowatts of wind, 100,000 kilowatts of light and 99% of light. The company had already put in production. Hydropower plants were concentrated in the Yunnan Sector up and in the lower and middle parts of the Yangtze River, including the Little Bay power station (6*.7 million kilowatts) and the small Bay power station (6*.7 million kilowatts) and
(a) Two power stations (9*650,000 kW) with large single units, high power generation efficiency and very high power generation efficiency; and
The main construction works in progress include the Toba power station, the new energy project, and the pre-construction work on the Tsang River. According to the company ' s plan, the capital expenditure plan for 2022 was $10,512 million, mainly for the Toba power station, the new energy project and the construction of the Yunnan and Tibet sector power stations upstream of the Tsang River: (1) the construction of the Toba power station was targeted for power generation in 2025: (2) the new energy project plans to invest
The company is the only platform for the final integration of the WALCOM hydroelectric business, and the infusion of assets will provide a build-up of installed machines.
To comply with the commitment of the Group, by 15 December 2022, to complete the construction of 20 hydroelectric plants in China, with a total capacity of 2,631,000 kilowatts, located in the Sichuan basins of the Yangtze River, the Jae River, the Yangtze River, the Bohing River, the Vaz River, the Batshu River and the Datao River; and to construct one hydroelectric station (the Great River is a hard beam).
(ii) Increased performance is driven by the increase in installed machinery and electricity prices, with new energy sources expected to become the new growth point with a rapid increase in the size of installed power plants from 2018 to 2019.
By the end of 2021, the company had accumulated a capacity of 23,188,000 kW, of which 2,294,888 kW, 135,000 kW of wind power and 100,000 kW of photovoltaic power and 99% of installed water and electricity. The construction of the Toba hydroelectric station (1.4 million kW) was expected to produce electricity in 2025.
Hydropower stations are in the early stages of construction and have not yet begun to be built. Electricity generation has been affected by the water coming from the magnified river basins, and the water has been better since the first half of 2022. With the company ' s new energy sources installed on a smaller scale before 2021, electricity generation has been dominated by hydropower, accounting for more than 99 per cent of the total.
10,381.7 million kWh total combined load hours reached 4568; between 2020 and 2021 there was a decline in hydroelectric power generation from 96,989 million kWh to 93,848 million kWh respectively, with a combined load of 4208 and 4071 kWh, respectively. According to the company ' s operating data, electricity and water generation in the first half of 2022 amounted to 49,455 million kWh, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period.
Some ideas for further deepening of the electricity system reform in 2015 (Medium 9) suggest an orderly liberalization of the competitive chain price of electricity in addition to transmission and distribution, both on the side of power generation and on the side of the sale of electricity.
Yunnan has been at the forefront of the country’s electricity re-engineering process, with a pilot on electricity marketing as early as 2014, when nearly 20 billion kilowatts of electricity were traded in the market; in November 2015, Yunnan was identified as the country’s first integrated pilot province for electricity conversion.
In 2015-2017, the company combined settlement price (including taxes) fell by 16.1 per cent. Since 2018, with the increase in priority electricity levels in the West East Transport Agreement and the improvement in electricity supply and demand patterns in Yunnan Province, the company ' s access to electricity prices have recovered. In 2017-2021, the company combined settlement price (including taxes) increased by 15.9 per cent.
The profits from the expansion of installed machines and the recovery of electricity on the Internet have increased steadily. In 2017-2021, the company generated electricity and photovoltaic power, with hydropower in absolute dominance, and 98.6 per cent and 98.7 per cent, respectively, of hydropower operations and Māori in 2021. During the “145” period, the company planned to build “two million kW” of cleaning energy in the Lantern Yunnan and Tibet sectors.
In 2022, the company plans to invest $5 billion in new energy projects, and plans to start 15 new projects, with a capacity of 1.3 million kW. With the development of “windwater storage integration”, it is expected that new energy revenues will have much scope for improvement.
Figure 9: Māori share of 2021 utility operations
The size of the financial costs and liabilities has been declining and the cost of financing has gained significant advantages. Since 2018, with the construction of the hydroelectric unit, and with companies continuously controlling the cost of financing, in 2021 the company issued its first national “green + village revitalization” “carbon-neutral + village revitalization” double-marked short-term finance coupons, rolling over 20 billion yuan per year and 4.03 per cent of the combined financing costs by the end of 2021.
As interest rate levels as a whole and the structure of corporate debt optimized, there is still room for a reduction in financing costs. Lower financial costs not only increase profits, but also facilitate the company’s further expansion in the future.
The company’s net operating cash flow in 2021 was 16.49 billion yuan, a record high, and sufficient cash flow to finance subsequent hydroelectric and new energy construction.
Cash distributions have increased year by year, and the share of cash transfers has remained at around 50%. Since its listing in 2017, companies have focused on the publication of energy plans for the second and the “14th Five-Year Programmes”, contributing to the rapid development of clean energy sources, and (i) the characteristics of the hydropower region have become apparent, with the potential for growth in the installed power plants.
According to the results of the review of China's hydropower resources, only the theoretical reserves of 10,000 kW and more are considered, the theoretical reserves of 694 million kW and the theoretical reserves of 608 million kWh per year of electricity generation; and the technology of 500 kW and above can be developed to develop installed capacity.
At the end of the year, we had 391 million kilowatts of hydropower installed (355 million kilowatts of conventional hydropower installed and 36.39 million kilowatts of pumping power plants) and still have a high potential for development in the future. According to the 14th Five-Year Modern Energy System Plan, at the end of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the capacity of the 14th Five-Year General Assembly installed 380 million kilowatts of hydroelectric power.
Figure 17: The amount of hydropower resources developed and to be developed in our country / billion kilowatts (kW) is marked by the scarcity of high-quality large hydropower. According to the Yangtze Power Values Manual (2021 edition), the total size of the 13 largest hydroelectric bases planned in the country is 275 million kW.
Among the hydroelectric plants that have been developed and are to be developed, with the exception of the crane beach power station and the Utunde power station, the installation of more than 5 million kilowatts of hydropower has increased by almost zero, and high-quality large hydropower has greater scarcity.
Tai Chi, Sanjiang, Xiang Eun, Xiang Yu, Xiangbei, Xiangbei, Xiangjiang, Xiangjiang, Xiangjiang, Xiangjiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang
Tocto-Change has a large potential for hydropower growth. According to the Circular of the National Energy Authority on matters related to hydropower development in river basins such as Lanchang (National Energy Agency No. 257 (2012)), companies have acquired power to develop hydroelectric resources in river basins (including the West).
The total installed capacity is approximately 32 million kilowatts (kW). To date, 21.35 million kW of installed water and electricity have been produced in the last river stream (including 135 million kW in the Great Dynasty), substantial hydropower resources are still available for development, and the capacity of the installed hydroelectric capacity to be released is fully held by the company at 100%. A sufficient project reserve will provide a vast amount of empty space for the company ' s continued development.
According to the company ' s bulletin on the opening of the initial work of the Tibetan section in the upper part of the upper part of the river, eight steps were planned for the upper part of the river with a total of 9,618,000 kilowatts installed. The upper part of the upper part of the river has a certain ability to regulate, and solar energy resources are better around the river.
Water and electricity can be complemented by a clean energy base of tens of thousands of kilowatts (kW) of water and light in Tibet. Construction began gradually during the 14th Five-Year Plan, electricity delivery began in 2030 and all were completed in 2035.
(ii) A significant increase in new energy sources under the “double carbon” target, and the launch of the “14th Five” Energy Plan in Yunnan Province, which actively promotes the transformation of the energy structure. In March 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission, together with the National Energy Agency, issued the “14th Five-Five” Modern Energy System Plan, which sets out our approach, main objectives and tasks for energy development.
The initiative, which plans and deploys efforts to build a modern energy system and promote high-quality energy development during the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan, has set quantitative targets for the electricity sector in terms of total installed capacity, the share of non-fossil energy generation, annual electricity per capita, and the adaptation of the coal unit flexibility.
The end-use energy Electrification level has continued to increase. Since 2020, the country has been strengthening the top layers of its green transition economy.
According to the plan, by 2025, electricity will be 30% more important than end-use.
To the right, the country has great potential for a future transition from power-based electrification. Figure 20: Energy consumption as a share of energy end-use in all sectors of the country. Power development power from traditional coal to clean energy. By the end of 2021, the country had 2.38 billion installed capacity.
In the year 2025, the total capacity of the non-fossil energy plant reached about 3 billion kilowatts, with an increase of 13.4 per cent, or 47 per cent of total installed capacity, or 2.3 percentage points, exceeding the proportion of coal power units for the first time in history.
According to the above data, the combined installed capacity of wind power and light voltage is expected to reach around 1.1 billion kW in 2025, and the installed capacity of non-fossil energy sources will exceed 50% of the total installed capacity. Under the “double carbon” objective, the power development power has shifted from traditional coal to new energy sources.
There is still room for upgrading the number of new energy hours. In 2021, the national electricity generation facility used 3817 hours, an increase of 60 hours from the same year. Of these, utilities used 3622 hours, 7802 hours of nuclear power, 2232 hours of net wind power, 1281 hours of solar power and 4448 hours of electric power.
Wind power and light-voltage use hours are likely to be lower than 2021. For wind power, given the better wind situation in 2021 and the higher number of wind-use hours, the following year may not be able to continue the 2021 wind-eating situation, but with the increase in the size of offshore wind-loaders with high-utilization hours, the projected combined wind-use hours in 2025 are expected to be around 2200 hours; for light-voltage, with the distribution of light voltage
The increase in the size of the installed power generation, the average number of hours spent on photovoltaic power as a whole is expected to fluctuate slightly, and the number of hours spent on grid-based photovoltaic power generation is expected to be around 1300 in 2025. There are active local incentives to increase the construction and consumption of renewable energy sources.
The Cost Intensity and Total Double Control Programme, which explicitly mentions that for areas that meet the burden of incentive renewable energy power consumption in the region, the elimination above the minimum line is not taken into account in the region’s annual and five-year planning period for total energy consumption. The Central Economic Work Session held in December 21 proposed that “new renewable energy and raw materials can be used without energy consumption”.
For local governments and industrial enterprises, new renewable energy projects and increased renewable energy consumption will not take up the region’s energy consumption targets, and the acceptance of new energy sources will increase significantly. Under policy guarantees, new energy use efficiency will remain high.
In a document issued by the National Energy Agency, it is stated that the provinces (districts, regions) are required to establish a multi-faceted system of safeguards, such as secure access, market access and so on.