Cruise tires (601058.sh) Basic Chemical Teams perform as expected, highlighting their resilience.
The volume of tyres sold has grown rapidly, and the performance of the company has remained robust under cost pressures.
3. " Racer Tyre Company Stocktaking: Performance meets expectations, globalization strategy is steady, with sales of 1.937 million, sales increasing by 16.84 per cent on a year-on-year basis and earnings increasing by 16.37 per cent on a year-on-year basis; average sales of tyres falling on a year-on-year basis due to factors such as changes in product structure " .
The combined purchase price of the four main raw materials, namely, glue, carbon black and steel curtain lines, increased by 4.51 per cent over the same period, and the ring decreased by 7.94 per cent. Companies continued to perform better with multiple negative effects, such as raw material cost pressures and overseas tariff risks.
In keeping with the strategy of globalization, Mexico and Indonesia are steadily moving forward. Over the past few years, a number of countries and regions outside the sea have imposed tariffs on many of China’s tyre products, conducted anti-dumping surveys or increased access thresholds to limit Chinese tyre exports.
With regard to international trade barriers, the company has maintained a globalization strategy, and now has tire production bases in Qingdao, Yutsu, East Camp, Shenyang and Viet Nam, Cambodia, and is building production bases in Mexico, Indonesia, etc.
With 37,000 tons of non-road tyres, the Mexican base has planned six and a half million steel tires, both of which are currently under construction and are expected to complete production this year, while improving the global layout of the company will also contribute to the growth of its performance.
The company is a leading domestic tyre company, which has increased its global market share as production capacity continues to grow overseas and “liquid gold” tyres have become more powerful for the company's brand.
Large fluctuations in raw material prices; lower-than-expected releases of new production capacity; frictions in international trade; less-than-expected spread of “liquid gold” tyres: large fluctuations in maritime prices: large fluctuations in exchange rates, etc. Access to additional services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market