The performance of 2025q1 is consistent with the expected globalization + liquid gold resonance and the robust growth of 2025q1 is sustained at a high profit level.
But companies control procurement costs through strategic cooperation with raw materials firms, long contracts, etc., while further upgrading cost-effective management and tracking the net interest rate of 2025q1 at 12.4% remain high. Globalization is advancing steadily, and non-roads continue to contract.
\triangleright East Camp, Kariya, Shenyang, Vietnam, and Cambodia all have productive capacity, currently producing in-country, Vietnam, and Cambodian factories, steadily moving forward in building capacity and planning production capacity in the medium and long term. Companies have been working deep in the area of non-road tyres for many years.
The product specification series is excellent in its full quality, the country has cooperated with the same gravity workers, the Xu Group, the Trinity Workers Group, the Sea conch Group, Liu Hailong, the Chinese god China and others, and the companies Caterpillar, John Dill, and Kesnews Netherlands have successfully been set up abroad.
The liquid gold tires, using the international first-ever chemical technique, glue-reducing techniques, reducing the tyre's resistance to rolling, and increasing its resistance to humid and grinding, have successfully solved the problem of the “demon triangle” that has plagued the tyre industry for many years, and have been tested in Spain by the international authorities, idiada and Smith.
In addition, an average of one liquid gold card, passenger and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4% and more than 3%, respectively, and new energy cars can continue by 5-10%.
3. Series I: Performance \triangleright History of New and High Globalization + Liquid Gold Resonance 2024/09/
Not as well as expected, increased friction in international trade, and volatility in freight prices, among others.
Growing and leading product strength sets the company’s front line - 2024/04/27 Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of this report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.