A thousand sails are so resilient that they start a new journey against the wind: on April 28, 2025, the 2024 and 2025 Quarterly reports were published. Company 601058.sh
Gross operating income of $31.802 billion in 2024, i.e. +22.42 per cent of the year, net profit from mother ' s profit of $4.063 billion, inclusive of the cash share of the first three quarters of 2024, which was implemented, was attributed to listed companies in 2024.
Hung Young-dong released a strong performance boost, with both output and profit innovations. In 2024, the company recorded a new high in both income and profits, with 2025q1 continuing to grow at the same rate as the net return, reaching the next quarter.
While there are short-term adverse effects on the management of raw materials and shipping costs, the company has maintained relative stability in the q1 net profit ratio through sustained productive release, reflecting the company’s resilience to profit. High-mori plants abroad continue to be released, and domestic factories have made new profits.
They calculated that in 2024 the Viet Nam subsidiary contributed to the mother ' s net profit of 1,585 million yuan (39 per cent), the mother ' s net interest rate of 18.34 per cent, the Cambodian subsidiary contributed to the mother ' s net profit of 904 million (22 per cent), the mother ' s net interest rate of 22.39 per cent, and the company ' s plants in Viet Nam and Cambodia maintained high rates.
On the domestic front, the net contribution in 2024 was historically high. We believe that the company, the first Chinese tyre company to build a factory abroad, effectively circumvents trade barriers and enhances the firm’s core competitiveness in internationalization; and, at the same time, the public, the company is the first to build a factory abroad.
The Division has achieved record domestic sales at a time when the demand for the whole steel market has fallen short of expectations, with semi-steel and non-road tyres simultaneously active in the approximation and replacement markets, and firms have achieved reverse growth in the domestic market on the basis of the quality of their products and over-hard technologies.
Technology supports, products are rich, channels are innovative, and companies build high-level branding. At the technical level, corporate-owned liquid gold tyres successfully solve the problem of “demon triangles” that cannot be optimized simultaneously by rolling resistance, humidic resistance, grinding resistance”.
On the product side, the company relies on its technological advantages to further develop product rotations in a number of subsectors, such as passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and special vehicles. In 2024, the product erange (made exclusively for the European market), liquid gold snow tires wp81,
Multi-products such as terramaxrt cross-country bott, liquid gold high performance engineering midday, track high performance wheel pt01 (developed in collaboration with Mi-car, applicable to Su7ultra), Sinda Securities Inc.
In terms of access, the company has innovatively built the direct/joint company number cindasecuritiesco.ltd Golden House No. 127, Minwumen West Avenue, in Beijing.
To integrate the system into the entire business chain of more than 20 subsidiaries, and to connect with some agents, to build an efficient and coordinated network of "customer-channel-storage-logistics". We recognize that this will allow channels to transmit product upgrading concepts more smoothly and to support companies' long-term branding.
\triangleright \triangleright rises, trade policy changes, etc.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years ' experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, and in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries.
Yoon Yoo Yoo, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Nakayama University, Master of Audit, Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, which is partly unconnected, unconsensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.