Cruise tyres (601058.sh) Basic chemical millet tires iii Increased production, global layout + product upgrading + brand power
Events: Wheel tires published in 2024 and a quarterly report in 2025, yielding revenue of $31.802 billion in 2024, while sales continued to rise and performed well. In 2024, China’s tyre industry, beset by geotic tensions, volatile prices of raw materials, and rising barriers to trade, continued to rise.
Greening, digital transformation, with steady growth and increased resilience throughout the year. Firms are working closely around the mission of “making a good tyre” to improve the strategic layout of globalization, increasing research and development investment and technological innovation, digital transformation, branding and sustainable development, and producing and selling tyres.
In 2024, the company produced 7481.11 million tyres and earned $8,411 million, of which $8.308 billion was earned from tyre products (including home-made tyres and trade in tyres); 1988.33 million self-produced tyres produced and 1,937.39 million sold, with sales increasing on an equal basis.
In the first quarter of the year, the average price of the company ' s own tyre sales fell by 0.40 per cent and the ring by 2.35 per cent as a result of factors such as changes in product structure. At the same time, the company ' s natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, wire lines
The wheel tires: performance continues, the global layout helps, the future growth - Joaquin securities-chemicals-companies - the wheels, the global layout moves in an orderly fashion, and the products and brands are enhanced. The wheel tyres are the first and most developed overseas in China.
Already in two countries abroad, the forward-looking strategic layout has become an important tool for companies to deal with barriers to international trade. The company now has tire production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang, Kanya and overseas Vietnam, Cambodia, and is promoting production bases in Mexico, Indonesia, etc.
So far, the company has planned to produce 27,650,000 full steel midgets, 106 million half steel midgets, and 447,000 tons of non-road tyres. The company has mastered the technology of giant engineering cores of the midday tires and is now industrializing the whole series of products from 49 to 63 inches; and the production of liquid gold tyres has passed through countries such as tüvsüd.
Tested by the international authority third-party testing agency, semi-steeds and whole-steed tires reach the highest levels of the EU labelling code and the Chinese Rubber Industry Association 'Tire Classification Standard' respectively, breaking the industry's “demon triangle's' dilemma, which is a “milestone” of original innovation in the field of tyres.
List of Strong Enterprises, 10th place; based on the World Brand Laboratories' release of "China's 500 Most Valued Brands" in 2024, the company ranked 108th in 10,535 million yuan in brand values, and has achieved two investment proposals for seven years in a row: the global layout of wheel tires is moving forward and product upgrades and brand power are being built.
Competitiveness. Taking into account such impacts as changes in raw materials and trade friction risks, we adjust profit projections to anticipate companies