Short-term tariff implications, medium- and long-term view of global production and branding.
Market data: 13 May 2025 \triangleright offshore factories have a significant profit-making effect and bases in Indonesia and Mexico have steadily advanced.
The South subsidiary collected $8,644 million, an increase of 19.51 per cent, and the mother's net profit of $1,585 million, a decrease of 0.56 per cent in the same year. The factory in Cambodia earned $4,039 million, an increase of 73.20 per cent, and invested in the construction of the “Cambodian All Steel Midday Tire Extension Project” on the basis of the mother's net profit tyre project.
To step up the company's international competitiveness, the company has been active in building production bases in Indonesia and Mexico, and has continued to build the project “Indonesia's annual production of 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres”, and Mexico's annual production of 6 million and a half steel meridian tyres”.
Global trade frictions have escalated, and globalization has spread its risks. In March 2025, the United States applied article 232 of the Trade and EXPLOITATION Act, imposing 25% on globally imported tyres (with the exception of Mexico and Canada).
In April 2025, the United States imposed a 10-per-cent base tariff on all countries and implemented a “reciprocal tariff” policy. The major offshore bases of Chinese tyre enterprises such as Viet Nam, Thailand, Cambodia and others were included in the tariff range, at 46 per cent, 36 per cent, and 49 per cent, respectively.
In 2024, US domestic tyre consumption totalled approximately 337 million, imported about 232 million tyres, and imported 68.8% of the total.
This US tariff policy covers almost all major tyre exporters around the world, while Chinese tyre firms have been able to produce in South-East Asia, Europe, North America, etc., and overseas production can help to avoid some of the risks.
Set up overseas bases in Cambodia, Viet Nam, Indonesia, Mexico, etc., to create efficient and coordinated production and energy networks. \triangleright, although the short-term sector is expected to be relatively pessimistic, we look at the country’s birth producers.
Growth in performance for the first time, with a “buy-in-b” rating. Risk of price volatility of major raw materials: prices of major raw materials used by companies in recent years \triangleright
Large fluctuations, with price fluctuations for various raw materials adversely affecting the profitability of companies in the short term.
Domestic or regional anti-dumping investigations into China’s tyre exports or export of Chinese tyres by increasing access thresholds have limited the export business of the company to some extent.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.