Wheel tires (601058): sustained sales, plus strong international branding impact Reason for reporting: Performance rating
The tyre landscape cycle, the continuous release of company sales, and the increase in costs show business resilience: the global tyre market continued in 2024 by 10,000 items, +27.59 per cent of the year, with sales of 72.16 million items, +29.34 per cent of the year. 2025q1, the combined purchase price of the company ' s four main raw materials, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtain lines, increased by 4.51 per cent and the ring by 7.94 per cent.
Under the pressure of rising costs, companies have grown by 16.84 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the sale of their own tyres, achieving an income increase of 16.37 per cent on a year-on-year basis, demonstrating the firm’s greater business resilience, maintaining technological innovation and branding, and building the global influence of national tyres: now, companies have built their own knowledge.
The company's research and development cost of 1,013 million yuan in 2024, effectively softened 116 items; cumulatively developed or revised more than 200 international, national and industry standards. The company's “liquid gold” technology has a high-end brand, and in 2024 it was integrated into different applications of products such as semi-steeds, engineering tires, etc., and acquired the country.
In keeping with the strategy of globalization, overseas base production is being released: the global layout is still the path to the growth of tire companies. The Department now has tire production bases in Qingjio, Dong-bang, Shenyang, Yuya, and overseas Vietnam, Cambodia, and
The construction of production bases in Mexico, Indonesia, etc. is under way. Of these, the Indonesian project plans to produce 3 and a half million steel, 600,000 whole steel and 37 million non-road tyres; the Mexican project plans to produce 6 and a half steel tyres, all of which are expected to be ready for completion in 2025. To date, the company has planned to produce 27,650,000 full steel midlifes and 106 million in construction year.
The company’s subsequent production capacity is expected to be released gradually, providing a strong industry.
The company's summary report, The Wheel Tyres (601058.sh): Co-benefits and profits.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report, which are presented in an independent and objective manner, in comparison to the sustained growth, which allows for the release of one series of new production capacity, using data that is legally compliant, and the careful presentation of the findings of the study.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.