A strong performance and a global layout that continues to drive the wheel tires (601058.sh) event: companies publish annual reports 2024 and one quarterly report 2025.
In 2024, tyres were sold at an all-time high, and the development of resilience continued to be evident. The effects of the company’s efforts to achieve self-inflationary construction in 2024 were reflected in the fact that the volume of tyres sold was at an all-time high, contributing to steady growth in the company’s performance.
In addition, 25q1 companies have combined purchases of natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtain lines, four major raw materials with a 4.51% increase over the same period.
Uncertainties such as trade frictions, but with the continued growth of corporate globalized production, product power upgrading, branding, the company’s tyre sales are expected to continue to grow in volume and resilience. Prices of raw materials are dropping to ease cost pressures, and the share of domestically produced tyres in the market tends to rise.
Today, the prices of natural rubber and synthetic rubber markets have dropped significantly. As of 30 April, natural rubber, yuan/tons, $11,700/tons, $3666/tons, $7,300/tons, down 13.06% from the beginning of the year.
In 2023, the total market for Michelin, Pristom, and solids was 36.7%, a decrease of 2.2 percentage points. At the same time, the country's product-plate tyres show a relative depth of 300%.
In terms of production capacity, companies have adhered to a global strategy and now have tire production bases in Qingdao, Kao, Dongbang, Shenyang, Vietnam, and Cambodia.
Production bases in Mexico, Indonesia, etc. are being built. Of these, 12 million steel meridian/year tyre projects in Cambodia are gradually being released; 1.65 million steel tire expansion projects in Cambodia; 6 million steel meridian tyres in Mexico/year; 3.6 million steel meridian tyres in Indonesia; and 37 million tons of meridian tyres in Indonesia.
A non-road tyre project is planned to be launched in 2025. Through the global distribution of capacity, companies can be flexible in adapting global base production arrangements to deal with frictions in international trade, while the release of new capacity will actively contribute to the internationalization of brands for seven consecutive years, such as ongoing competitions and exhibitions.
[Galactic Chemical] Company rating: wheel tires _ 24q3 performance; mother ' s net profit of 42.37, 52.09, 5.891 million yuan, an increase of 4.28 per cent in the same year; steady, globalized layouts advanced further _ 20241031
2. [Galactic Chemical] Company review: race wheel tyres _ 24h1 tyre production, sales volume, global layout continues to advance _20240822 3. [Galactic Chemical] Company review _ race tires _ q1 perform better than ever. ]
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly in the chemical industry. This report is provided to his clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.