q2 q2 performance was better than in the second half of 2019, and the growth continued on July 22nd, 2019.
Wei Hongmei’s performance in the first half of the year was in line with expectations and q3 was cautiously optimistic. Previously, in a quarterly report, the company expected a marked improvement in the first half of the year’s q2 performance ring, moving out of the industry’s low profile. It was subject to domestic macroeconomic fluctuations and the sea.
The impact of non-market factors, the apparent slowdown in corporate income growth in the first quarter of this year, the build-up of staff expansion, higher cost rates, higher R & D spending, the poor performance of corporate q1 profits, and the marked improvement in the demand for government and large businesses in the first quarter of this year.
In the second quarter, the company ' s pbg business was steady, the ebg business was growing at a relatively fast pace, and the smbg business also recovered significantly compared to q1. Thus, the company ' s performance in q2 improved significantly compared to q1 and earned business income in the first quarter of the year by 13,381 million yuan, an increase of 21.46 per cent compared to 21.46 per cent, an increase of 40.64 per cent in the ring; and the net profit of the return was 26.81 per cent.
The same increase in the Māori rate and an improvement in the net interest rate ring ratio. The company ' s overall Māori rate for the first half of the year was 46.33%, and the ratio of well-controlled and high Māori businesses was the main reason for the increase in Māori rates.
The higher share of costs affected, to some extent, the net profit performance in the first half of the year. During the reporting period, the net interest rate for companies was 13.43% for sales, 3.06% for management costs (excluding R & D) and 3.06% for finance, respectively.
Innovative business maintains high growth and injects dynamic energy into long-term development. From 2013, the company began to create innovative business, which now covers a number of areas, such as smart households, robotics, auto electronics, and intellectual storage, and the share of revenue is rising year by year.
The growth rate was 1.72 billion yuan, an increase of 56.21 per cent, or 7.22 per cent. The overall Māori rate for innovative business was 39.72 per cent, an increase of 2.63 pct over the same period the previous year.
Other innovations have also grown rapidly, with rising revenue ratios injecting new momentum into companies’ long-term development, slower growth of offshore revenues, and the growth of developing-country businesses. Since this year, China-United States trade relations have been growing, the risk of uncertainty in the overseas business environment has been rising, and firms are expanding offshore operations.
During the reporting period, companies achieved offshore revenues of $6,943 million, an increase of 10.29 per cent over the previous period. In developed countries represented by the United States, companies were more affected by trade frictions and business expansion was hampered; however, the demand for security surveillance in developing countries, such as India and Viet Nam, was evident.
The rise in corporate business expansion in this part of the country has made it possible to maintain profit forecasting and investment advice in the first half of the year. The company is a global champion of security, and market ownership has been rising in recent years, with revenue and net profits growing robustly for many years.
Field factors lead to q1 performance being lower than expected, but company q2 performance has improved significantly, leading to profit growth in the first half of the year. Looking ahead, while uncertainty remains about the international form, trade frictions are gradually diminishing the marginal impact on companies, and social investment in the country has begun to stabilize in the second quarter of the year.
The industry is gradually emerging from a low profile, and the company’s performance growth is expected to continue in the second half of the year. Thus, we have a deep 300 index for the “market index” of the public rating system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.