The electronic q2 performance was over-expected, and the security tap took off on ai, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: The company achieved business income of $23.92 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 14.6 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $4.22 billion for the mother, an increase of 1.7 per cent in the same year and a non-net profit of $4.12 billion, an increase of 2.8 per cent in the same year; a growth of 15 per cent in the same year. The company forecasted a net profit increase of 0-15 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019.
• The second quarter was over-expected, with strong performance within and outside the company. Externally, the company continued to strengthen its overseas channels and strengthen its local operating and service capacity, with sales costs rising by 21.3 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly due to the company’s continued investment in the country’s internal and external marketing networks; and internally, the company managed its business department and set up pbg (public services).
The three clusters of business, ebg (business and industry), and smgg (small and medium-sized enterprise and enterprise) have been effective in synergizing internal resources, providing targeted solutions based on client differences and achieving efficient allocation of corporate resources.
46.3%, or 1.8 percentage points higher than the same period last year: but long-term competitiveness in order to expand the market, accumulate technology, and sell costs. The company’s inventory increased in the first half of the year, from 95 days to 100 days.
Six months of operating capacity is maintained at a good level, which provides the basis for future growth. The benefits of the snowworks are growing steadily. The Snowworks are a command platform at the county, village, and village levels of IMCs, supported by information on IMCs, web-based management, and public safety video surveillance.
Networking applications focused on mass policing and control, long-term pro-security industries, as global leaders in the security sector, where construction needs are highly aligned with corporate product services, will facilitate company performance, with at least $4.2 billion of market space available in urban and rural markets alone.
Large-scale high-quality R & D personnel and R & D spending are the driving forces behind the continuous growth of Haikang. The company spent $2.5 billion on R & D in the first half of the year. 31% more than 10% more than the same year.
In the coming years, the company will be working with partners to promote the development of the networked industry around an open platform around alcloud.
A new market is opened for the fluorescent business. In the case of the fluorescent business, the Haikang robots, the Haikang drones, the auto electronics, the security climate is expected to pick up (2019-04-21). The storage market is gradually opening, providing new impetus for the company's development and becoming the head of the company.
2. Heaconway (002415): New dynamics in the development of the snowlight + the high-level clean-up support period. We believe that this part of the business will continue to contribute to the company’s incremental performance.
Sea Conway (002415): Channels for short-term stock impact, depth layout, etc., maintain an “enhancement” rating; period performance increases and company development improves over the long term.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.