National gold foliage urities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The increase in the Māori rate was evident in the second quarter, with steady growth expected in the second half of the year The company reported performance in the second half: between January and June 2019, the revenue was RMB 23,923 million, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the same period, the net profit attributable to the company's shareholders was RMB 4,216 million, an increase of 1.67 per cent over the same period, and the performance was in line with expectations.
In the second quarter, the Māori rate reached 47.39 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in profitability. The main reasons were the revival of security operations over the first quarter, the rapid growth of innovative operations, the optimization of product structures, the reduction of value added tax and cost improvements.
In terms of corporate growth in innovative business, there has been a marked improvement in the Māori rate, with smart households earning 11.39 billion yuan in the first half of the year, a 56.9 per cent increase in the same year, Māori rising by 2.23 per cent, and other innovative businesses achieving better security in the first half of the year, increased innovation, cost control, and projected robust growth in the second half of the year.
The median figure is a net profit of 3,735 million yuan in the first quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 14.92 per cent over the same period. We believe that the Department's security operations are gradually improving and that the rapid growth of ebg operations is expected to continue, especially with regard to new requirements such as garbage classification monitoring, etc., pbg and smbg operations are expected to resume gradually, and the fluorescent operations,
Robotic operations are expected to continue to increase in profitability, other innovations such as auto electronics and storage are growing rapidly, companies are also actively controlling costs, and performance is expected to grow robustly in the second half of the year. Continuing to scale up research and development, the business landscape is stable, and new changes in the 5g era are taking place.
As a result of the friction, corporate exports were affected, earning $6,943 million abroad in the first half of the year, which is more than the same as in countries such as Turkey, Pakistan, and others, owing to exchange rate problems. But developing countries, such as Viet Nam, India, and the Philippines, have experienced significant growth in demand, and overall, domestic demand has been compensated for the decline in overseas demand in a timely manner.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to increase its R & D investment, at a cost of $2,504 million.
In the 5g era, the security industry will rejuvenate and regenerate, and companies are expected to benefit positively, driven by the demand for al and high-resolution video surveillance (8621) 61038318.
The pace of growth has slowed, government projects have had long cycles of decision-making, trade frictions between China and the United States, uncertainty about export growth, China's entry as a class of giants, competition has increased further, and ai, super-high penetration, has fallen short of expectations.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment