Incident: company ' s mid-term performance report for 2019 achieved business income of $23.92 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the same period, a Māori rate of 46.3 per cent, an increase of 1.8 percentage points over the same period, with a net profit of $4.22 billion attributable to the parent company
In the second quarter of the year, the overall recovery of profits recovered, and the industry market ended with expectations: corporate income and profit growth in the first half of the 2019s were slightly weaker than in the past, but we were concerned at the marked improvement in the company ' s performance in the second quarter, with a 21.5 per cent rise in business income in the same quarter, reversing the continuing decline in income in the last four quarters, while at the same time being net.
There has also been a significant increase in profits by 15.0 per cent over the year, a decline of 15.4 per cent over the quarter. The percentage point from the Māori rate has been the best Māori rate in the last 20 quarters, and in the case of an undesired industry market environment, companies have had good results in product restructuring and cost control.
Quite well-controlled cost rates and sustained growth in R & D inputs: in 2019 there was an overall increase in the first half of the company’s cost level, mainly because of the unsatisfactory scale of revenue in the first quarter. The second quarter cost scenario shows that sales, management and R & D rates are roughly the same as the total, with R & D rates at a similar level.
A 0.1 percentage point increase. It can be seen that, despite the challenges faced by the company in the first half of the 2019s, the speed at which technology and innovation are moving forward has not changed, and that sustained R & D investment will continue in the transformation of the company ' s overall business from traditional product suppliers to suppliers of video-processing solutions.
In a sense of optimism, we believe that: 1) In view of the situation in the industry market, whether it be the domestic government or the big business, the Haekangway view: a smooth growth in 2018, short-term challenges
Trade disputes between China and the United States are also expected, and recovery is now expected to be an approximate event; (2) Corporate expansion in the areas of human face recognition, artificial intelligence, system storage, solutions, etc., has gained a relatively high level of sea convalescence: traditional security and growth, innovative business life.
The desired outcome is that further expansion of the market space in the future is desirable; 3) the application needs of industry markets in non-traditional areas, including etc, smart buildings, will provide better growth opportunities for video surveillance.
In this context, we believe that the situation will be more optimistic in the third quarter of 2019 and in the second half of the year.
The impact of trade disputes on firms is uncertain; innovative operations and competitive products affect profitability.