Haeconway (002415) Performance meets expectations, short-term fluctuations do not change long-term trends - semi-annually reported by Haeconway (002415) 2019
On the evening of 19 July, Haek Conway released its semi-annual report for 2019, which generated business income of $23,923 million, equivalent to RMB million, an increase of 2.82 per cent over the previous year. The company had previously given performance guidance of 2,019h1 of 3,732 million.
In the context of the complex development of the security sector, corporate income as a whole has increased at a rate of 10.29 per cent, a new low in the same period of the last decade, which has contributed to the overall performance of the company. In the long run, however, overseas operations are still operating.
In the expectation of continuous improvement: first, global industrial chain cooperation is a big trend, and normal cooperation is beneficial for the development of all sides of the chain; second, firms are increasingly building up their distribution channels, reaching over 150 countries, and gradually spreading the risk of individual country sales.
Sales, R & D inputs are short-term net profits and provide an important foundation for development in the long term. The company ' s sales cost of 2019h1 reached 13.43%, the highest level since it was listed. According to the Department of Public Administration, investment in the continuous construction of marketing networks at home and abroad results from the cost of R & D at 2,505 million yuan.
If returned to the administrative costs, the administrative costs are 13.53 per cent (the same as since listing), of which the production costs are 10.47 per cent. For sales inputs: the company ' s domestic distribution channels are more mature and it is expected that they will be channelled mainly overseas.
It not only expands overseas markets and opens up long-term growth, but also spreads the risk of volatility in overseas operations by deepening overseas channels. For R & D inputs: the security industry as the most compact segmented industry combined with computer visual technology, sustained R & D inputs not only help companies to strengthen technical barriers in the field of security (pbg leader)
Qiangchaoting@mszq.c. is an asset to the company's strengths in the area of artificial intelligence.
The increase in the Māori rate highlights the leading position, with innovation growing at a rate of over 50 per cent, with the company ' s 2019h1 Māori rate reaching 46.33 per cent, the highest for the same period in the last five years. According to the sub-project, the Māori ratio of the company ' s front end, back end, solutions, and innovation business has increased over the same period last year, reflecting the company ' s output.
At the same time, corporate smart business and other innovative business revenue growth rates of 56.92% and 54.84%, respectively, reflect the company’s leading horizontal outreach capacity, which is expected to become important to the company in the future.
The median value of the valuation (pe, ttm) is 35 times higher, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Overseas expansion has not progressed as expected, and domestic demand in the area of security has not been released as expected.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the Master of Financial Sciences of Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.