First-initiated securities (601136.sh) This Wednesday, November 16th, a company with a board of directors called “first-in-kind” securities. First-initiated securities (601136): Corporate ownership covers securities brokers, portfolio investment advice, and securities.
Financial advisers, securities underwriting and insurance, securities self-employment, securities investment funds sales, securities asset management, finance coupons, sales of financial products, long-term companies providing intermediary business.
The first group held 63.08% of the issuer’s equity as at the date of the signing of the offer, and was a shareholder in the company’s ownership; and the capital structure of the first group showed that the Beijing City Council of the Government of the City of Beijing financed the first group as a percentage of its capital.
At the same time, the shareholders in the company include Kyojin, a sole-owned company owned by the Beijing City State Finance Committee. In combination, the Beijing City State Finance Committee is the actual controller of the company by indirectly controlling the first securities through the First Group, the Kyoto Investment Corporation, and the Kyoto Energy Group.
On the one hand, by the end of 2021, the total assets of the above-mentioned shareholders had exceeded 200 billion and had been in China for several years, and were doing well. On the other hand, the main business of the Founding Group, the Kyoto Corporation, the Kyoto Group and their subsidiaries were involved in environmental industries and housing.
A number of activities, such as real estate, infrastructure, and energy investments, can be developed in synergy with companies.
During the reporting period, asset management grew faster, with the issuance of the new regulations and the issuance of more than 400 corporate aggregate products at the end of the reporting period.
At the same time, in the context of the continuing decline in the overall management of the industry, at the end of the reporting period, companies compared with listed companies in the industry: companies are national integrated securities companies that, depending on the type of company and the main business, select the first business start-up, red tower, Nanjing, Confederate, financial securities, Chinese securities,
Securities companies, such as Wallin Securities, are comparable listings for the first-ever securities. From the comparable companies mentioned above, the average annual income size is 3.434 billion yuan, p-ttm (the high-valued Chinese securities and Wallin are in the lower middle class of the same business, but more profitable and net interest rates are higher than comparable companies.
It is based mainly on the content of the offer and other publicly available information, the risk of inaccuracies in the selection of companies listed in the same industry, the possible misinterpretation of the content data cut-off, the risks of specific listed companies being shown in the body of the text, and so on.
Companies are mainly engaged in the securities industry, which covers securities brokering, portfolio investment consultancy, financial advisers related to securities transactions and portfolio investment activities, securities underwriting and insurance, securities self-employment, securities investment fund sales, securities asset management, finance coupons, sales of financial products, supply of intermediates by long-term companies.
In 2021, the company, a securities company held by the Beijing City State Finance Committee, was an important part of the Beijing City financial institutions, with a full licence plate, and its main business income was divided into four large sections by product type, one asset management-type business (438 million businesses) with a weaker income share than the other year.
Figure 3: Changes in the Māori and net profit rates of corporate sales Figure 4: Changes in corporate roe
Domestic markets can be divided into stock markets, bond markets, and fund markets, depending on the type of business. The number of firms grew from 2,063 to 4,731, which is more than double.
At the end of June, there were 6,728 new listings, including 1,696 in innovation and 5,032 in base. Bond market developments: at present, the domestic bond market has public debt, local government debt, central bank notes, and financial month-end, the market’s unexpired bonds totalled 138.3 trillion yuan.
There are 9,842 gold, with a fund share of 24,00 trillion and a net asset value of 26,66 trillion yuan.In view of the development of the securities firm, data published by the securities industry association show that the unaudited financial statements of the securities firm show a decrease of $14 billion, or 10.06 per cent. As of the end of June 2022, the total assets of 140 securities companies were 11,20 trillion yuan, net assets.
At the end of the reporting period, in 2019, the above-documented index received 3,050.12 points, an increase of 22.30% over the year, and the equity sector achieved a net profit of $123,095 million.
In terms of the pattern of industry competition, the securities sector is a capital- and knowledge-intensive industry, with high entry barriers, including industry-specific entry barriers, capital entry barriers, and the threshold of professional talent; capital strength is a key factor in industry competition. The current pattern of domestic securities firms’ profitability is relatively convergent, business homogenization is more evident, and industry competition is adequate and highly fragmented.
The removal of the foreign equity quota for equity companies would accelerate the entry of foreign capital and offshore top securities companies into the country, with a short-term increase in their operating income, net profits, total assets and net assets as a share of the entire industry of more than 45 per cent, with a further trend of capital in favour of head companies.
The company, as a securities company held by the Beijing City State Finance Committee, has strong shareholders and contributes to the stability of the company’s operations and market expansion. As at the date of signing of the offer, the first group held 63,08% of the issuer’s shares and was a shareholder of the company’s holdings.
100.00%; in addition, the shareholders in the company include the Kyojin Corporation, a sole-owned company of the Beijing City State Finance Committee, and the Kyojin Group. Taken together, the Beijing City State Finance Committee is the firm’s actual controller through indirect control of the first securities through the Start Group, Kyosu Corporation, and the Kyoto Energy Group.
In this regard, the lead business of the Corporation, the Kyoto Investment Corporation, the Kyoto Energy Corporation and their subsidiaries, which involves a number of environmental industries, real estate, infrastructure, energy investments, etc., can be developed in synergy with the company.2 The company has a full-size license, with asset management among the top players in the industry.
The asset management business is proactively structured, based on its traditional advantages in fixed-income investment transactions, and actively expands to the area of equity. It constantly expands its asset management product design and investment research team and expands its research effort and variety of products. During the reporting period, asset management in companies grew at a faster scale, creating a more visible leading advantage.
At the end of the reporting period, at the end of the reporting period, there were more than 400 corporate aggregates issued in April 2018, at the forefront of the industry; at the same time, at the end of the reporting period, in the context of the continuing decline in the overall management of the industry, the company maintained asset management products (iv) investment in investment projects
The company's current portfolio of ipo funds is intended to be invested in a project.1 Supplementary operating funds: to develop corporate ownership through fund-raising, to upgrade the company's capacity for integrated services and business innovation, to improve its organizational structure and business systems by increasing its support to business lines and subsidiaries
(v) Compared with industry-listed corporate indicators, the company is a national integrated securities firm that selects the first business start-up, red-tale securities, Nanking Certificate, depending on the type of company and the main business.
Securities companies such as bonds, bonds of the Federation, treasury securities, Chinese securities, and Wallins securities are comparable listings of the first-ever securities. From the above-mentioned comparable companies, the average income in 2021 was 3.434 billion yuan, p-ttm (the high-valued Chinese and Chinese securities and China), but with greater profitability and higher net interest rates than comparable companies.
Risks of volatility of securities markets, competition with other securities companies, other financial institutions and Internet finance companies, risks of changes in legal regulations and policies, risk of asset management, risk of investment banking, risk of retail and wealth management, risk of compliance, risk of inadequate effectiveness of risk management and internal controls, risk of conflict of interest, operating winds
Risks such as risk, information technology risk, ethical risk, risk of net capital management, risk of impairment of assets, etc.