A summary of the 2020h1 report: rules are in place and there is more room for housing enterprises.
2021 is more of a center city with long triangles in mind, and the industry's leader is in a position to block the profit rate, and the three red lines remain green.
8.7% growth in real estate due to shocks Annual inventory: 2020 housing deals with a clear structural feature, with a high level of energy
Industry research: Why would Changsha be a model for national learning? In the current trend towards lower profit margins in the industry as a whole, even as an industry dragon?
Business Research: The ultimate option for South China Houses to expand abroad: occupation of the long triangle? The first 10,000 copies are inevitable.
Business studies: from Vankoa, the growth and performance of head houses is expected to be repaired gradually as the industry gets back on track, but the business studies are “reloaded”, re-starting and looking at Green City.
It's still not possible to return to the level of high profit margins in the past. Huanko, based on a great deal of stability, achieved sales performance of $354.43 billion in the first half of the year, three lines of red line indicators maintained green line standards, land investment prioritized to guarantee land quality, and 92% of new investments were made.
In second-line cities, the overall performance is relatively stable.
Li Wai Wai, Tsangzhilong 666 (microsign)
I. Sales performance was steady, with 92% of the new investment in second-line cities showing a 5.5% increase in square metres over the same period, with a steady performance ranking in the top three of the 33 urban markets. The Shanghai region sold $132.2 billion, or 37.2% of the total, which contributed to the largest performance area.
The increase of 4.8 per cent in the same year was driven mainly by an increase in average sales prices in the southern region, which in the first half of the year had achieved sales of $72.16 billion at an average sales price of $22,908 per square metre, an increase of 33.9 per cent in the same year, leading to an increase in the overall average sales price.
The figure of $7480 per square metre represents an increase of $1112 per square metre compared to the same period in 2020. This is mainly due to the advantages of Huanko in land acquisition, which in the first half of the year resulted in an increase in the level of urban capacity in which newly acquired plots are located, mostly in the first two-line cities and in the three-line cities of the long triangle, where a 92 per cent increase in investment is in the second-line cities.
By the end of the reporting period, Huanko had a total land reserve of 16,659,000 square metres to meet development needs for the next two to three years.
This year’s increase of 29.0% is far higher than the increase in operating income, and the profit margin has fallen, with a gross profit rate of 22.9% and a downward trend in the same ratio, with even the 10,000 units at the forefront of the industry being inevitable, with the expected annual rate of profit continuing to run. At the same time, we believe that as the real estate sector returns to normal course, the future rate of profit is expected to recover gradually.
On the one hand, Vanko, for its part, the cost of land is expected to decrease in recent years, with Vanko acquiring land through a variety of forms, such as mergers and acquisitions or urban renewals. After 2018, the average land price for new earth reserves was reduced compared to 2017. On the other hand, with the advent of the era of management dividends, the cost of fine management and control became a consensus in the industry, with the cost rate of 9.6 per cent for the first six months of the year falling from 9.6 per cent to 9 per cent for the same year.
1.4 percentage points, at a lower level in the industry, and the regulation of costs and expenses will facilitate the restoration of future profit margins. While future profitability may be gradually repaired, we believe that the industry as a whole still has difficulty returning to the previous high profit margins of three or three red lines and keeping financing costs low.
At the end of the reporting period, Huanko continued to maintain the “green line” business standard, eliminating asset liabilities from pre-collected accounts by 69.7 per cent, net liability by 20.2 per cent, below 40 per cent for 20 years, and cash by 40 per cent.
In terms of financial structure, Huanko as a whole is relatively stable, with interest-bearing liabilities of $268.11 billion for the first half of the year, an increase from the end of 2020, but not much, at 3.9 per cent, and an increase in interest-bearing liabilities dominated by longer-term liabilities, which fall due within one year, benefiting from industry-led credit ratings, and the financing costs of Huanko remain low at 4.27 per cent in the first half of the year, compared with 4.27 per cent in the same year.
Decrease of 0.32 percentage points. Short-term cash debt over pre-sale regulatory funds 2021h1:
Maintenance ratio = total land reserve/(sale area*2) roe =2* net profit/average net asset roa = 2* net profit/average total asset
Inventory turnover = 2* operating costs/average inventory turnover = 2* operating income/average total assets
For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, and the HMK can change at any time and without special notice.
In any case, the information in this report or the views expressed does not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual. Any institution or individual should consider whether any of the observations or recommendations in this report are in accordance with its particular situation and, if necessary, seek expert advice.
This report is owned by a billion-Han think tank.