The core business remains robust, aigc layouts forward, head Internet platforms go out to sea, and core business is robust. Kron Wanway, China’s leading Internet platform, has now covered information distribution, socialization, entertainment, Woncos, games, and so forth.
In areas such as aigc, users reach more than 100 countries around the world, with an aggregate of nearly 400 million active users per month.
Increased profitability of business, net profit from parent business (excluding investment) of 640 million, diversified business and good performance of business plates. 1) Opera is a global brand of well-known Internet brands, growing from traditional browsers to information distribution and meta-cosmos platform, with an average of 324 million live monthly users.
2) The core product of the internationally renowned social entertainment platform Starax is at the forefront of the music industry, with a variety of online entertainment scenes such as k songs, voicerooms, live broadcasts, leisure games, and a full-link sound for mature professionals under the banner of mousicxlab.
Musical production and global distribution capability. 3) Global mobile game platform core anchor, kwangames, has been on the market for more than a decade, and the flagship product, The Tower of the Holy Land, is shown overseas and will be launched domestically in 2023. 4) Leisure is the top domestic recreational platform, with depths in chess games.
Understand, and remain in the industry top2. 5) The entrepreneurship investment panel invests mainly in cutting-edge technology and new energy, and the Japanese company officially launched its own self-research in collaboration with the wonders, and China's first truly intelligent national product, the Great Language Model - the "Sunwork" 3.5 invitation test, which is close to the openaichatgpt; 2) should.
By way of example, the Opra Browser has worked with the Openai to access thechatgpt function in its browser, becoming a root viewer for the deep integration aigc function after the Microsoft Bing search engine and the edge browser; and, for 22 years, the company has published a full series of algorithms and models for the "Quillon Skywork" aigc, which is comprehensive.
Multi-model content generation and applications in the areas of layoutai music, pictures, and codes are on the ground. Investment proposal: to take a good look at the forward-looking advantages of the aigc-era companies, to “enhance” the first time it is expected to become a big model + applied ecology platform company, and to “enhance” the rating for the first time.
In 2008, the company started its business in the form of page-and-page research and development and global development, and continued to issue games such as The World of Kunlun, the Dreams Factory, the Wu-Man Wind, and so on.
It's the first Chinese company to enter the overseas game market. Faced with the rapid growth of the Internet industry, companies have been actively transformed, expanding their operations from games to global Internet platforms through the acquisition of Opra, Stargroup, etc., and now covers information distribution, socialization, entertainment, the meta-cosm, games and aigc.
At the same time, the diversity development strategy has significantly increased the company’s resilience to risk, helping the company to cross through its founder, Zhou Yahui, as a real controlr, with a more stable shareholding. According to the 2022 report, the company’s founder, Zhou Yahui, was founded in 2022.
Real controlling person, direct shareholding 12.2%, actual shareholding 8.8% through the Swe century; spouse Li Jun, direct shareholding 11.2%, combined shareholding by the top ten shareholders by 7.2% in the Swe century, with a relatively stable equity relationship.
The growth of core business and the continuous increase in business performance in 2022. 1) The company ' s long-term growth is good, and revenue accounting has led to a decrease in investment-related returns on a year-on-year basis, but the core business has remained strong, with 640 million net operating profits attributable to listed companies, an increase of 112 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate has remained high, with an increase in the 2022 business strategy. 1) In the long run, 7.1 percentage points of companies have benefited mainly from the upgrading of the overseas social and recreational business strategy, the purchase of a year-long lead in raising the profile of the business sectors, and aigc has brought about a new growth.
Business development is diversified, with each section leading the industry, the company being the country’s first gamer outbound, and now the world’s leading Internet platform. As it expands its business radius from inside and outside, the company forms five major business units, one for overseas information distribution and the other for a meta-cosmos platform.
Overseas social entertainment platforms, global mobile games platforms, leisure and recreation platforms, and science and technology equity investment platforms, all of which are well advanced within the industry, have good synergies between the various businesses. The core companies of overseas information distribution and meta-cosm are Opra.
The online brand, which has been transformed from a traditional browser into a global information distribution and meta-cosmos platform. The current Opra business covers a variety of areas, including advertising, search, content distribution, meta-cosmos, and the variety of products under the flag, including, inter alia, Oprabrowser, Opragx, Opramini, etc.
A series of browsers, news-consolidated platforms that provide comprehensive coverage of the daily information consumption needs of Internet users and create metacosystems through game browsers, gamedevelopment engines, gamemakerstudio, and game community gx.games forming games development, distribution, and consumption closed circles.
In addition, Opra has worked fully with the Openai to provide raw ai functions such as “shorten” to provide the most cutting-edge browsing experience for overseas users. As of the fourth quarter of 2022, the average monthly active user had reached 324 million, one of the world's most important traffic portals.
Overseas Social Recreation Platforms: The company’s starx is a well-known social entertainment platform abroad, and its core product, Starmaker, is also at the forefront of the music society industry. Starmaker was the first entry point for online k songs to enter music society.
There are a variety of online entertainment scenes, including online k songs, voicerooms, live broadcasts, leisure games, etc., and helping users break the ice by lowering social thresholds through family socialization, graphic communities, etc., to build and sequester social relationships and provide users with a rich and interesting social and recreational experience. At the same time, Starx is active.
The next generation of hardware terminals, which have now been rolled out and successfully certified by an oculus developer, are now online on oculusapplab and third-party vr content platform sidequest. In addition, Starx has been very active in promoting the application of cutting-edge technologies, such as artificial intelligence, in business development, under the banner.
The music lab in Musicxlab now has mature professional full-linkai music production and global development capabilities, successfully expanding the cooperative ecology of cars, education, fashion, games, entertainment, government, etc.
The core of the global mobile game platform is ktagames.
Rows, operating a single global mobile game platform, with product types covering a wide range of products such as mmorpg, slg, and distribution areas covering more than 150 countries and regions around the world, including South-East Asia, Europe and America, Japan and Korea, and the mainland.
The geo-technology and operations team, developed through customization, produces games that match local players’ needs in multiple dimensions, such as subject matter, painting wind, and playing methods. For 10 years now, the kangames have gone out of the market, accumulated experience and resources, and have a more competitive advantage.
The Tower of the Holy Land is at the top of the list of major countries in Europe and America. The highest stream of water on a single day was 200,000 US dollars, and the first month was 3 million US dollars; in Japan and Korea, it was the top.
Google stores are recommended and ranked at the top of the best-selling list, and will be distributed domestically in 2023. In addition, arkgames have reserves of many games, including the heavy slg, the slg+ shooting game, the d-war, and the ugc-type game, the code d, etc., which will continue overseas and abroad in the future.
The core of leisure and recreation business is leisure and recreation. Leisure and recreation are the top recreational platforms in the country.
After many years of development, the leisure market is now well-established and has always been in the industry. Science and technology equity investment: since the company's inception, there has been a strong cash flow for better financial management.
Rationale, value added for asset preservation, firm building on its own industry's strengths and experience, focusing on cutting-edge areas of technology, active foreign investment and impressive investment performance, strong aigc-driven productivity breakthroughs, and firm forward-looking niche advantages
Aigc is a new trend in artificial intelligence, with steep growth curves, and a growing number of ai-driven production tools will be integrated into the workflow to form a productivity revolution. On December 15, 2022, Kunlund Wanwi held aaigc technology launch in Beijing, at which Kullund Wanvi will be able to build a productive revolution.
Ceo Fanghan has officially published a full series of algorithms and models for "Quillon Skywork" aigc and has announced the opening of models. The models under the "Quillon Skywork" include the cogent painting of skypaint, skymusic, skytechtic pens, skytechnicscode, covering images, music, text, programming, etc. multi-model content generation.
On April 17, 2023, the company officially launched an invitation test for the hundreds of billion-grade large language model, “Storework”, which can interact with users in a question-and-answer session in natural languages, with the ability to generate the ai that meets the diverse needs of document creation, knowledge question-and-answer, logical simulation, numerical reasoning, code programming, etc.
As a result, the Skyworks are very close to chhatgpt in text writing, and even more so in Chinese. Companies actively promote the exploration and application of cutting-edge technologies, working with strategic partners to achieve technological innovation and breakthroughs in the aigc model algorithm. Sub-operation 2022: 1) Overseas information distribution and meta-cosmos platform
On the other hand, Opra has worked fully with the Openai to provide raw ai functions such as “shorten” to provide the most cutting-edge browsing experience for overseas users. 2) On social entertainment platforms overseas, a landmark development in the aigc direction under the Starx flag has been achieved with the success of the ai dictation, music, music, etc.
Composing functions such as music, supporting multi-language and musical style creation, greatly reducing the threshold of music creation and increasing its efficiency. Currently, musicxlab songs have been launched on more than 180 audio-visual platforms around the world as a new force in the global music market.
By early 2023, the company will be promoting the rapid growth of artificial intelligence while maintaining its leading role in the break-down of the track.
In 2023, the company will be fully engaged in the development and replacement of the Kunon Skywork model, and will continue to strengthen the technological accumulation in the relevant directions in order to build Klonwanwi's leading position in the area of artificial intelligence. In early 2023, the company's startax and ktagames were upgraded to stark.
To focus better on aigc, the music ai and game ai products will be published every year. With regard to music, the company, while refining the existing model algorithms, will launch a series of music ai products and content that will provide better music experiences for creators and consumers, and will work with leading companies to advance music ai and consolidate it.
At the game level, companies will improve the efficiency and quality of their game development by enabling games with artificial intelligence technology. They can reduce efficiency gains at the enterprise end, and they can enrich the game experience at the player end. At the browser level, at the side, they will integrate hotspots of artificial intelligence to generate content tools; at the news syndication, they will use artificial intelligence to assist new ones.
To hear content creation; in the case of metacosystems, to build a more intelligent, efficient and connected metacosystem using the next generation of Internet technology, such as artificial intelligence, to provide users with a richer and more diverse and individualized game creation, recreational consumption and social interaction experience.
Looking ahead over the next 10 years, Klon Wanwi will have a firm “allin”agi (general artificial intelligence) and aigc. To better focus its efforts and resources, the follow-up company will undertake further reforms of its operations, in addition to the S&T equity investment fund and equity-based incubation investments (e.g., new green energy sources) and plan strategies to simplify the availability of domestic interactive entertainment platforms.
Investment recommendations: to take into account the advantages of the aigc-era forward-looking landscape, to cover for the first time a “uptake” assessment of the cost is relatively low and to maintain the Māori-level assumption; to maintain the Māori-level assumption; to increase income from overseas social networking operations at a rate of stable, low-end cost and an increase in Māori-rate, respectively); to take into account the current state of business of the company in terms of cost rates.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author