A strong industry leader, smooth performance, and a leading business — the semi-annual review of Sino-Sin securities in 2017
During the first half of the year, the absolute size of corporate revenue and net profit was the highest in the industry, accounting for 13.01 per cent and 8.92 per cent of the total.
Long 64.26 per cent; diversified investment strategy with 27.33 per cent increase in income from investment operations on a year-to-year basis; equity financing masters lead the business as a whole under the “Current product coverage” strategy, with core indicators standing first \triangleright
Companies continue to pursue a “product-wide” business strategy to enhance their overall financial strength, with many of the main business sizes and market shares in the reporting period standing at the top of the industry. Among these, equity and bond owners, domestic M & As transactions, asset management, etc., are ranked first in the industry, as well as in the balance of the blended and stock pledge business.
In the first half of \triangleright, IBM moved further to “Industrial Services” to develop its direct financing business.
Billions of dollars, or 434% of the market share; 95.782 billion yuan in the size of the M & A restructuring project completed. The company ' s ipo reserve project, ranked 3rd, benefited from the ipo normalization and accelerated reform of state companies, and further releases are expected from future company investment performance.
During the reporting period, there were 650,000 new customers and 336.9 billion yuan in new clients' assets; stock-based transactions, market share of net revenue from brokering fees and fees, all ranked second in the industry.
At the top of the scale, self-employed multi-strategy models perform well \triangleright will further deepen the client base of the enterprise, strengthen proactive management and enhance revenue generation.
A variety of strategic tools, focusing on the ratio of risk gains; self-interests, solidized securities as a share of net capital, are integrated across borders and overseas operations are progressing steadily. Currently, companies have completed the integration of offshore platforms, and Sino-Sin securities International has achieved 2,431 million yuan in revenue during the reporting period.
Securities International will serve as an important platform for companies to operate overseas, and overseas operations are expected to continue at a high rate of growth.iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Corporate leadership is strong, combined capacity is prominent, major operations remain industry top; overseas operations are steadily advancing.
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.