- Forster first covered the report and focused on it.
Currently, the country’s three leading market producers, Foster, Sweck, and Sea Yu, account for more than 70% of the country’s market, and the country’s entire market base is oligopoly. The stock of companies has remained at 40% since 2010.
In 2017, the company’s market share was more than 50%, with a rapid increase in the total amount of photovoltage installed. It is expected that the future will continue to rise, with a strong leader.
Rice, an increase of 23.52% over the same period in the previous year. The price of components has declined more since last year, as a result of the downside of photovoltaic subsidies.
The company places great importance on the construction of new materials projects, bringing together the elite of the company's research and development, production and marketing to make a major breakthrough in the new materials business.
Studies are under way in areas such as silicon encapsulation materials, where the luminous dry film business has begun to contribute to the collection; Aluminium plastic membrane has been sent to some downstream customers, and some small customers are experimenting with corporate products; fccl has completed the trial production phase and has begun to send samples to the client for testing.
The volume line is being built in an orderly manner, and sales revenues and profits are expected to be released as a new growth point in the company's performance when the new capacity is put into production. • First coverage is given as a “recommended” rating:
Focus on the eva, the absolute leader of achievement: Foster was established in 2003 and placed on the market in September 2014 and is currently operating as a research, production and sale of photovoltage-enveloped materials, and as a pioneer in the global photo-envelopement of the eva and po-film.
As the world’s photovoltaic industry warms, the main product, the e-film market, has been innovative, adding in recent years new industrial materials such as fast-winded electronic chemistry materials, lithium-cell soft-packed materials and led-package materials, increasing resilience to risks and adding new profit-generating growth points. The company’s controlling parent company has limited investment in the Enforster industry.
Division, changed in March 2017 to “Foster Technologies Group Ltd., Hangzhou.” Figure 1: Corporate equity structure.
The sale of encapsulated materials and the additional installed capacity of the photovoltaic industry are closely related.
According to data from the National Renewable Energy Centre, China ' s extra 53gw installed in 2017 was 53.6 per cent longer than the previous year, with a cumulative capacity of 130gw in five consecutive years and the world ' s top position for three consecutive years. The distribution became a new light for market development in 2017, with new loads of more than 19gw in all years.
The proportion of installed power was more than 36%, and in 2017, as a “year year” of photovoltaic development, photovoltaic power was gradually starting to enter the consumer's perspective from the original high-end god. 1.2, sales are growing steadily, with the city taking the lead.
The eva membranes, which are based on eva resins and are produced by additive additions and heating, are the key encapsulation materials for photovoltaic components that protect the components, increase the efficiency of photovoltaic conversion and extend the useful life.
It's been around 40% of the world's market since 2010, and it's been around 2017 with a glimmer of light.
With the successful commissioning of the 160 million m2-year solar cell film project and the successful commissioning of 50 million m2 of the company's membrane production line in Thailand in 2018, it will further stabilize the rapid growth of the company's global backboard operations at 1.3, with large customers imported into the backboard business and greater market space in the future.
The company began to develop solar backboard operations in 2011, from an annual income of $23.62 million to $50.8 million in 2017 and an increase of 66.7 per cent in 2017 compared to 2016. This significant increase is mainly due to the completion of major customer import operations by the Department of Public Administration during the reporting period, as well as to the strengthening of outreach to customers in the company and the power station terminals, with an increase in sales throughout the year.
The market share of the company's backboards is currently low, and there is still room for rapid growth, which is better than the 10.79 per cent drop in the production of the mammoth. The backboards industry is oversupplyed with capacity, downstream customers' structure of products, and so on.
There are factors such as homogenization resulting from material designations, competition in the market and branding effects. As the leading firm in the eva, companies have gained a better brand name in the industry, and future controls continue to deepen as large customers come in, and corporate backboard sales and Māori rates will grow steadily.
Prices and cost impact Māori rates have declined significantly, and 2018 is expected to be stable, with prices and costs affecting Māori rates in 2.1, 2017 being influenced by the growth in demand in the industry, with companies selling 577 million m2 of photo-voltage envelopes in 2017 compared to 577 million m2 in 2017.
The average unit price for the company ' s photovoltaic membrane product fell from $7.61 per square metre in q1 in 2016 to q2 in 2017.
In the second half of 16 years, a more conservative pricing strategy has been in place to further optimize the pattern of competition in the industry. The price of the film has now recovered steadily, rising to $6.84 per square metre in q4 quarters in 2017.
Customer outreach has increased significantly throughout the year, with sales totalling 37.3461 million square metres, an increase of 88.92 per cent over the same period in the previous year. However, it is subject to a decline in prices and a low level of product Maori. The current decline in backboards has slowed, while prices for raw materials and solidants have declined slightly, and the Māori rate is expected to stabilize.
2.2. The company is strong and will continue to lead in the future.
Monopoly patterns. The company’s market share passed 50% in 2017, and the company’s future plans are to reach 55% in 2018.
In Thailand, the construction of the new factory in Spring Wuri was completed on schedule, and production is expected to start in the third quarter of 2018.
The company’s first attempt to organize its operations abroad is also in line with the tendency of the photovoltaic industry to transfer production capacity abroad, which will play a crucial role in the company’s future overseas sales. Thailand’s plant is designed to produce 75 million square metres.
The company’s elites, which attach great importance to the construction of new materials projects, to the development, production and marketing of new materials, have made a major breakthrough in the new materials business.
Research is under way in the field, where the sanitization business has begun to contribute, and sales of the sanitized membrane in 2017 have been growing on a monthly basis; the aluminium plastic membrane has been sent to some downstream customers, some of them small, who are experimenting with corporate products and have given good feedback; fccl has completed the trial production phase and has begun to do so.
Send samples to a client for testing. The company says it will continue to improve production lines and processes, improve product quality and build a good brand image.
The printing circuit board industry is moving towards high density, high integration, softness, etc., and the application of the membrane is increasing.
fccl: One of the key materials of electronic equipment and electronic products, such as smartphones, tablets, digital cameras, car-mounted electronic instruments, is the processing board material for the production of scratched circuit boards. In recent years, high-end electronic products such as smartphones, tablets, digital cameras have been consumed, driving the major companies.
The company’s project proposes to invest $180 million in the construction of 4 million m2 of single-faced copper sheeting lines and ancillary facilities for a three-year construction period. Of this, $170 million was invested in fixed assets, which will pave the way for liquidity.
Aluminium plastic murals: Soft packages for lithium batteries, power cells, are one of the key materials for lithium batteries. This compares to packaging materials such as steel, aluminium or plastic casings, aluminium plastic films, which are light, thin, easy to design, etc. The company plans to invest 50 million yuan, of which 35 million yuan is invested in fixed assets and 15 million USD in capital flows.
The project proposes to build a 5 million m2-m2 aluminium plastic composite membrane production line and ancillary facilities for a two-year construction period. New plants and production lines are now being built in an orderly manner, and sales revenues and profits are expected to be released as new production becomes a new growth point in the company’s performance.
4. First coverage, `recommended' rating: