Source certificate Non-ferrous Energy Metals
Non-financial first-cover report Investment rating: Increase (first) Lithium integration tap, end-of-source release through down-cycle cycle
The industry is the world’s leading lithium eco-business, with more than 40 different types of lithium compounds and lithium metal products, and achieves the whole industry chain layout of lithium. The company has been able to expand from middle to middle lithium compounds and lithium metal to up and down the industrial value chain. The company has undergone two full-scale lithium price cycles, with oversupply patterns.
As a result, the continued downswing in lithium prices led to a loss in the company ' s performance in 2024, and it is expected that the firm ' s clear advantage of being able to move through the industry ' s downswing cycle to meet the third round of lithium prices, based on a resource-end spread and a whole industry chain.
Lithium mine: Lithium resources are being released in the near future, opening up future drop-in space. The company currently has 16 lithium resource projects with combined holdings and participation, and there are six production projects, three of which are newly completed in the last two years, including in June 2023.
By 2024, the company had reached 45 per cent of the theoretical self-sufficiency of lithium resources in lithium rights, and it was expected that the completion of the new projects would be significantly reduced by the completion of the climb.
Lithium salt costs for the company, the company ' s lithium resource reserves are high, and there is still room for improvement in the rate of self-sufficiency of lithium resources. Lithium chemical materials: lithium salt production continues to expand and sales are steadily increasing. As of 2024, the company held 277,000 tonnes of lithium chemical material production lce, of which 131,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide production, 116,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate production and lithium chloride production capacity.
3.2 million tons, with a capacity of 0.32 million tons for the production of metal lithium and 0.2 million tons for the production of butyl lithium. The company plans to produce 600,000 tons of lce lithium by 2030, which still has the potential to double. It has benefited from the accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles, the high demand for power lithium batteries, and the steady increase in sales of the company ' s lithium products. The sales of the company ' s lithium chemical materials increased from 48,000 tons in 2019 to 130,000 in 2024.
Lithium batteries: Lithium batteries are complete, solid-type battery technology is thick and thin. Depending on the company’s upstream lithium resource supply and industry-wide chain excellence, the company’s lithium cell operations cover five or more major types of products, such as solid lithium batteries, power cells, consumer batteries, polymer lithium batteries, storage cells, and storage systems.
The company has developed and produced production capacity at key stages of solid-state batteries, such as sulphide electrolysis and raw materials, oxide electrolytes, metal lithium negative electrodes, electron cores, battery systems, etc. Lithium price outlook: a shock at the end of the 25th century, 26 years on the horizon. At the supply end, high lithium prices drive a new round of capital in the industry.
In 2023 and 2024, at the peak of capital spending, lithium patterns turned into oversupply, and lithium prices continued to fall and were rising to high levels, both in Australia and in the country. Under old consumption policies, domestic trams were needed or overexpected, 25 years of excess lithium was expected to shrink, and we expected lithium prices to collapse, or 7-8 million yuan/tonne base in 2025, and 26 years were expected to rise.
The company is the world’s leading lithium eco-business, with several lithium resource projects in production, the completion of the reptiles and the prospect of lower costs for the company’s lithium salt, the continued expansion of the stacking of the company’s lithium salt production, and the prospect of a steady recovery in the firm’s performance. For the first time, coverage is expected to increase.
Lithium mining and lithium salt are selected as comparable companies. The company is the world’s leading lithium eco-business. Several lithium resource projects have been put into production, the company’s lithium salt costs are expected to decrease when the reptiles are completed, the company’s lithium salt production is expected to expand continuously, solid-state batteries are expected to release, and the company’s performance is expected to rebound.
Lithium Chemical Materials Operations: With the continued increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles, the demand for lithium salt will continue to grow, we assume that it remains unchanged, we expect that lithium prices will sustain the bottom shock for 25 years, we begin a steady recovery in 26 years, and we assume that the average sales of lithium products for 25-27 years will be $6.6.7.1/75,000 per ton (excluding taxes).
As the projects in Mali Goulamina Lithite and Mariana Salt Lake in Africa, both of which have become operational in recent years, have increased the self-sufficiency of the company's lithium resources and are expected to decrease the cost of lithium salt single-ton costs, we assume that the company Lithium Batteries operations: the production of new capacity accompanying the company's lithium plate and the release of solid-state batteries are expected to increase the company's capacity.
The company is the world's leading lithium eco-enterprise, with several lithium resource projects in production, with the prospect of lower costs of lithium salt from the completion of the reptiles, continued expansion of the company's lithium salt production, and solid-state batteries, with the expectation that the company's performance will stabilize The new capacity will not be as fast as expected; the demand for new energy vehicles will fall short of the expected risks; and the risk will be released by the supply of lithium above expectations;
1. The world’s leading lithium eco-enterprise, which is the world’s leading lithium eco-business, is fully covered by the lithium industry chain.
The company is one of the world's leading lithium eco-enterprises, with a large matrix of lithium products and a full chain of lithium industries. The industry was founded in 2000 and was listed in late 2010 in Hong Kong, the first company to be listed in the lithium industry and the first company to be listed in the lithium industry, the “a+h” company. The company uses lithium compounds such as lithium metal, butithium, lithium chloride and lithium carbonate.
The largest contribution of Māori at the start of the market was metal lithium, which was mainly in the field of new medicines/new energy/new materials downstream, and the industry ' s breakdown in 2009 was 28 per cent for new medicines (20 per cent of the drug antivirals/regimesis 8 per cent) and 4 per cent for new energy ceramics. This was followed by a rapid increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and a rapid increase in the demand for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
The company also continues to extend upstream and downstream into the lithium industry chain: 1) the acquisition of lithium resources to increase the self-sufficiency of lithium, currently with 50 per cent interest in the Australian marión lithium mine, 65 per cent interest in the Lithium lithite in Mali, 46.67 per cent interest in the Argentine Co Salt Lake, 100 per cent share in the Mariana Salt Lake and 100 per cent interest in the pg lithium salt. 2) the middle-swain lithium product class, and
The ability to produce lithium salt continues to expand, and the company has the capacity to produce more than 40 different types of lithium compounds and lithium metal products. At the end of 2024, the total capacity to produce lithium chemical materials was 277,000 tonnes lce, with a planned capacity of 600,000 tonnes in 2030. 3) Substream lithium battery coverage is complete, solid-state battery technology is thin, and lithium battery recovery capacity is the first three lithium students in the world.
The company’s share price is ahead of the lithium price during the two lithium price cycles. Lithium prices are currently going through two major cycles, 2015-2020 and 2020 to date, respectively, both of which begin with a high increase in new energy demand, from the “0-1” to the “1-10” stages of new energy vehicles. New energy demand is rising, while capital spending is insufficient to create a gap between supply and demand.
The period of the window between supply and demand gaps is the main stage of the increase, driven by a sharp rise in lithium prices, high profit-driven upstream capital spending, and capital expenditure to productive energy release. Companies have gone through the full cycle of these lithium prices since they were listed, and their shares are ahead of lithium prices, which are currently at the bottom of the shock phase, awaiting the start of the third cycle.
As of the year 2024, the company’s founder, Mr. Lee Lianbin, and his relatives, held 20.16% of the shares. Chairman Li Liang Bin held 18.77% of the shares and CEO Wang Xiaosheng 7.01% of the shares.
1.2. The company’s profit cyclicality is evident, as a result of the decline in lithium prices, which led to a sharp decline in the company’s profit burden to excess lithium prices. The company’s level of profitability is more affected by the changes in lithium prices, with net profits showing a stronger cyclicality, largely in line with the two-round lithium price cycles.
Chart 8: Company ' s historical costs
Figure 9: Corporate revenue and Māori contributions mainly from lithium chemical materials. In 2024, companies received 34% and 34% of lithium chemical materials and lithium batteries, respectively. When lithium prices were high, the Māori rate was as high as 56% of the company ' s lithium amalgamation materials, accompanied by a lower price of lithium, and the company ' s lithium amalgamation materials.
The Māori rate fell to 10 per cent and the Lithium Batteries business Māori rate also fell from 18 per cent to 12 per cent.
The company has developed a vertically integrated business model that runs through upstream lithium resource development, middle-stream lithium salt deep processing and gold lithium smelting, downstream lithium cell manufacturing and the integrated recycling of decommissioned lithium batteries, with effective synergies between the business plates.
The company’s products are widely used in applications such as electric cars, storage, air travel, functional materials and pharmaceuticals, most of which are global leaders in their respective industries.
There are 16 projects for lithium resource holdings or participation. According to the 2024 annual report, the company is currently in existence. There are 6 projects for production and 3 projects for lithium quarries and lithium salt lakes.
The company held 50 per cent of its shareholdings, and the project was not fully accounted for and the proceeds were reflected in the statement in the form of investment returns.2) Australia ' s Pilgangoora project, which had an annual capacity of 800,000 tons of lithium concentrate, held only 5.7 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings and received benefits were reflected in the statement in the form of fair value changes.
3) Mali Gooulamina Project: 506,000 tons of lithium concentrate mineral energy in one phase, which became operational on 15 December 2024, and expanded to 1 million tons in the second phase. The company holds 65% of the equity in the project and belongs to the list project.
1) Argentina ' s cauchari-laaroz project, with a capacity of 40,000 tons, which became operational in June 2023, achieved a smooth climb of production capacity of 254,000 tons in 2024, with a production of 8,500 tons in 2024, 2024q4 in the first quarter, and 85 per cent in the project. The second phase planned for 40,000 tons of capacity and planned for the use of direct lithium lifting technology.
2) Argentina ' s Mariana Lithium Salt Lake project: a phase of 20,000 tons of chlorine capacity, which began production in February 2025, the company will accelerate the climb of capacity and is expected to stabilize the supply of lithium chloride in the second half of the year. The company holds a 100% share in the Mariana Lithium Salt Lake project, and the project is implemented and listed.
3) The Qinghai 1-mile salt lake project: The project, which has 14,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity and 49% of which is held indirectly by the company, is not part of the list project, and its proceeds are reflected in the statement in the form of investment returns. The company ' s theory of self-sufficiency in lithium resources is 45%, and it is expected that the company ' s cost of lithium salt will be significantly reduced after the completion of the new project.
The Division currently has six participating lithium resource projects, of which Co Salt Lake became operational in June 2023, the Lithium Monument Project in Mali, in December 2024, and the Mariana Salt Lake, in February 2025, all of which are new in the last two years and are still in the climb phase, affected by depreciation amortization and other factors.
The unit cost may be high, but once the climb is completed, the low operating cost of lithium from salt lakes is expected to significantly reduce the cost of the company’s lithium salt.
Large lithium-commodity suppliers, with 11 lithium-chemical production bases such as tons of lithium salt, Shinyobang, Toyota City and Sichuan Nafeng. As of 2024, the company had 131,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production, 116,000 tons of lithium carbonate production, 320,000 tons of chlorination, 0.32 million tons of lithium metal production, and 0.2 million tons ofbutyl lithium production.
The ability of the lithium hydroxide project to climb the slopes and move towards completion marks the success of the company's first smart plant; the Sichuan project to produce 50,000 tons of lithium salt per year was completed and put into production by the end of 2024 and is now expected to be phased out to optimal levels in 2025 during the commissioning period; and the Qinghai project to produce 1,000 tons of lithium metal per year has been completed and is in the process of commissioning the production line.
Planning for the production of 600,000 tons of lce lithium by 2030, with still room for doubling of capacity growth. The company will choose to expand capacity based on future changes in market demand and assessment of lithium products. The company plans to develop a supply capacity for lithium products with a total annual yield of at least 600,000 tons of lce by 2030, which will include, inter alia, ores, halowater lithium, clay lithium and the recovery of lithium.
The company is currently planning and constructing lithium products projects, including the 7,000-ton metal lithium and lithium products per year project, the ppg lithium salt lake project, and other lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide expansion projects. The company benefits from the accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles, higher demand for power lithium batteries, and a steady increase in sales of the company’s lithium products.
A combination of factors such as good Zeri, innovative breakthroughs in technology, abundance of supply, lower prices and continued improvements in infrastructure accelerates the penetration of new energy vehicles, driving the increased demand for lithium-powered batteries, thus driving the higher demand for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
The company’s lithium battery product is complete and has a wide range of applications. Depending on the company’s upstream lithium resource supply and overall chain advantage, the company’s lithium battery business has covered more than 20 products in five major categories, including the millium-to-Bahnian levels, including the use of solid-state technology as a catalyst.
The company’s lithium battery business has now established production bases in East China, Ningbo, Su, Shinsu, Huixiang, Chongqing, etc. 1) Lithium power cell: this lithium power has produced a soft-packed platform structure and a square platform structure, with electricity covering 10 ~130 kwh.
It can be applied to commercial areas such as heavy-cards, light-card logistics, public transport, etc., with the advantages of low-cost, high power, high integration, and platform conversion. According to commercial vehicle use, batteries can be super-fastly replenished with a capacity of up to 1,000 kw, charged with 100 degrees of power, only six minutes; fixed, mobile power switching stations can be supported with less than five minutes to quickly achieve fast charging and switching.
2) Consumer-type and polymer-lithium batteries: The piped lithium battery has been built in Jiangxi Sunyu, Guangdong Huaizhou and has now developed 130 w/day capacity, mainly for tws headphones, mobile phones, battery chargers, laptops, and flatboard computers. The plated lithium cell has a secure polar welding process, super-long continuity, and super-electronics.
According to the Department’s annual report of 2024, the battery is currently in the fourth highest position in the country, and the headphone battery is second in the country, fifth in the small polymer lithium battery industry and third in the polymer cylinder battery industry.
3) In the field of storage energy: the newly introduced 5mwh container energy system of the battery is based on a full-time field balancing technique, with a five-fold increase in time and the efficient use of energy; the battery prefabricated module is designed with a pack module, with a system efficiency of 95 per cent: the equipment has a direct flow break capability and security features such as short circuits, overcharges, etc. This section 5mwh standard storage capability
The module uses the high capacity of the lithium, long-lived single-body core, a stable system of core materials, a high rate of energy efficiency in the cycle process, which meets the requirements for the use of different storage applications. Energy projects, such as single-body more than 500 mwh, have been implemented on a total scale of more than 11,000 mwh in the domestic and overseas markets.
In the ranking of domestic and global exports by Chinese energy storage companies, the battery has been in the top 10 countries for the second year in a row. 4) Robot power is in the field of 324wh batteries produced by the new leftover electron research and development, known as 72v voltage, with a maximum discharge multiplier of 7c, supporting 1c fast charge, reaching the level of ip67 waterproofing, and having a temperature collection function to guarantee each.
The system carries the Bms program, soc accuracy of about 3-5%, and collects data once every 200 milliseconds to achieve automatic calibration during the recharge process. The battery is currently used in products such as four-legged robots, human robots, etc.
The company is the only firm in the industry with the ability to integrate up-and-down into solid-state batteries, and it has developed and produced the key components of solid-state batteries, such as sulphide electrolysis and raw materials, oxide electrolytes, metal lithium negatives, electric cores, battery systems. In solid-state electrolytic materials, the company achieved battery-grade vulcanization in 2022.
Lithium production and further expansion of production line size in 2024. On the negative end of the solid-state battery, the thin-line lithium belt already has the capacity to produce and provide a corresponding solution to a variety of needs, such as circulatory performance, processing performance, electrochemical stability. On the high-capacity solid state core, the company developed 320wh/kg, 400wh/kg, 500wh/kg high-energy cores.
The company is one of the top three companies with a national integrated battery capacity. The company further upgrades the level of industrial technology and competitive advantage by developing new and new technologies for integrated recycling of decommissioned batteries and expanding the capacity of decommissioned lithium battery recovery operations.
Formerly, the company has built several decomposition and regeneration bases in Jiangxi Shinyo, that state, and Sichuanda, and has achieved an organic combination of resource recycling and business growth. At present, the company has developed a capacity of 200,000 tons of decommissioned lithium ion batteries and integrated metal waste recovery, with a combined recovery rate of more than 90% for lithium and 95% for nickel and cobalt metals, making it China's phosphate iron.
Lithium batteries and waste recovery capacity is greatest, and one of the top three battery recovery industries in the battery integrated capacity industry is one of the leading companies in the battery recovery industry. 3. Lithium industry: surplus narrows, 25 years of lithium prices or concussion grinding base begins to incur significant capital expenditures, and we can see that capital spending on lithium salt businesses, both domestic and foreign, has increased rapidly since 2022.
As lithium prices fell sharply in 2024, they have now fallen to less than $80,000, and capital spending on the industry is expected to slow down, so I, Salt Lake, Argentine laroz, Fenix Salt Lake and Salt Lakes of Charkhan, West Tai and East Diène, China. Salt in 2025, the additional production of lithium from the lake was mainly contributed by the Argentine Salt Lake, including Coal Lake, Centenarioratones Salt Lake, etc.
The increase in national salt lakes is mainly a project to expand the share of salt lakes, and the increase in Chilean salt lakes is mainly a project to expand the production of sqm. We expect to produce 590,000 tons of lithium from salt lakes in 2025, an increase of 90,000 tons over the same period, including 2915.14 million tons from Chile/China/Argentine salt lakes, which are located on the left side of the global lithium cost curve because of the low operating costs of salt lakes.
Lithium quartz: Africa is expected to contribute the most increment when high-cost Australian mines are cleared. Australia’s mines are generally implemented as a drop-down measure, lce, an increase of 170,000 tons over 24 years (Africa +10/Australia + 3/ Brazil +2).
Attura/finnis/baldhill/cattlin has declared production out or is in the maintenance phase, focusing on the potential reduction of production in other high-cost Australian mines, the 25-year increase in lithium is mainly in kathleenvalley. Africa: 25-year increase in mines is in the direction of the Mali project and Yalk mine, among others, and the majority of African lithium mines are controlled, production reduced or not expected to be produced by middle-income lithium salt enterprises.
Lithium Fluorescent: China’s unique lithium resource, located on the rightmost side of the cost curve, has a strong supply elasticity. Lithium cloud is a Chinese-characterized lithium resource, distributed mainly in the Jiangxi region of China, has a large reserves of lithium resources, and the core companies with the Yunmoth lithium process are mainly in the permanent materials, the Jiangt electric machine, the Nandi lithium power, and the Kowloon lithium industry. Lithium cloud is complex in composition, with low lithium content, and the cost of lifting lithium is even greater.
High, with cash costs of over $70,000 per ton, the highest-right edge of the global cost curve, and the most elastic supply. If lithium prices exceed $100,000 per ton, the supply can be released in large quantities. As lithium prices continue to fall, high-cost cloud titanium will be reduced. 3.2. Demand end: at the heart of the cycle start, domestic demand is not pessimistic.
The demand for lithium carbonate has undergone a shift driven by the growth in demand for new energy sources, driven by traditional industrial demand - demand for consumer electronics - 1) Prior to 2000, the main demand for lithium carbonate was for traditional industrial demand, mainly applied as an additive to ceramic glass, etc. 2) Until 2015, the demand for lithium carbonate was mainly driven by consumer electronics, and lithium carbonate was used in lithium-cobalt material in lithium batteries.
Global smartphone sales increased by 47 per cent in 2004-2015. 3) After 2015, the demand for lithium carbonate was mainly driven by new energy vehicles, with China ' s new energy vehicle sales increasing by 50 per cent in 2015-2024, and China ' s new energy demand is currently raising the demand for lithium salt to a million tons level, from small to large metals. According to the Association of Lithium Industries, the demand for lithium salt is rising to a large metal level.
The global production of lithium salt in 2017 was 23,544 tons lce, the mining industry in Hongmon is expected to produce more than 1.3 million tons of lithium salt globally in 2024, and lithium has jumped from small metals to a million tons of large metals, and the demand for lithium will continue to grow as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to rise and the energy load increases.
At the meeting of the Political Bureau, it was pointed out that the year 2025 should be “the year of the promotion of consumption and the expansion of the two new policies” and that the rate of the replacement policy should be extended and even increased in 2025. In 2025, the demand for domestic trams could be more optimistic.
On December 18, 2023, Germany officially abolished the electric car subsidy due to the need to cut government spending. On January 20, 2025, Trump announced the elimination of the United States electric car subsidy. The offshore car subsidy policy eliminated or suppressed the demand for new energy vehicles overseas, thereby suppressing the demand for the offshore lithium carbonate.
We expect lithium carbonate demand to be 1.43 million tons in 2025, an increase of 19 per cent over the same period. It is still at a peak in lithium capital spending, while demand-side growth is expected to slow in the future and lithium prices are expected to slow in future cycles. We expect lithium carbonate demand to be 1.43 million tons lce in 2025, over 126,000 tons lce. According to the full cost curve,
Eighty thousand yuan per ton of lithium salt, corresponding to the full cost of the tax, was supplied at about 1.34 million tons, and the demand was 1.43 million tons based on positive material estimates. Given the current stock of lithium salt of more than 100,000 tons, the stock of partially lithium concentrate and the amount of recycled lithium, the supply of 80,000 yuan per ton could meet the need for lithium salt, which would remain surplus for 25 years. Lithium carbonate prices are expected to be 7-8 million yuan per ton in 2025.
Figure 30: Global total cost curve of lithium 2025 4. Profit prediction and valuation. Lithium chemical material operations: the demand for lithium salt will continue to grow as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to increase.
The average price is $6.6.7.1/75,000 per ton (excluding taxes). As the company ' s Co Salt Lake, the Africa Goulamina Lithium Fashion Project and the Mariana Salt Lake Project have all come into production in recent years, the company ' s lithium resource self-sufficiency rate has increased as the projects have grown and the cost of lithium salt per ton is expected to decrease gradually, we assume that the company ' s lithium product cost in 2025-2027 is 6.5,633,000.
Lithium Batteries (Lithium Battery) operations: The new capacity released along with the company ' s lithium plate and the release of solid-state batteries are expected to lead to a reduction in the company ' s cost of lithium salt after completion of the company ' s lithium production, a steady expansion of the cumulative company ' s lithium salt production, and a steady recovery in the firm ' s performance. For the first time, coverage is expected to be given, with an "uptake" rating.
Newly constructed capacity is not as fast as expected: if the company’s construction of new production lines/mines is not as fast as expected, it will affect the company’s performance by not releasing and selling the company’s production capacity. The demand for new energy vehicles is not as high as expected: if new energy vehicles are not sold at the domestic and international levels, it may result in lithium salt.
Demand falls short of expectations, leading to a fall in lithium prices, and a fall in the company’s lithium salt volume will affect the company’s performance. Lithium supply is expected to release the risk that a more than anticipated release of global lithium supply will exacerbate the pattern of oversupply and thus drive a sharp decline in lithium prices, which will affect the company’s performance.
Market space measurements risk: The market space measurements in the report are based on certain assumptions, and there is a risk of less than expected if there is a substantial deviation between the actual situation and the assumptions. My personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers are personal. I am diligent in my professional attitude, professional inquisitorial research methods, using information on legal compliance, and produce this report independently and objectively.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.