Events: Gore shares published their annual 2022 report on April 17, and the company collected \triangleright in 2022.
\triangleright \triangleright \ \rangleright \ \ \rangleright \Slips \ \ \ \ \ 4 \ of a large foreign client's notice to suspend the production of one of his smart acoustic entire machine products s/100521120004 \
Taking advantage of business opportunities such as vr/ar, smart home games, etc., to help sustain growth. 2023q1, the company achieved 24.12 billion yuan, yoy+19.94%.
The Division has continued to achieve a high pace of business growth, mainly due to the firm's adherence to client orientation and large-client strategies, the use of zero components, the synergy between the Quarterly & 22h & full-air operations of 2.Gol (002241.sz) shares, the continuous increase in the delivery of vr products, and the use of smart home video games
In the future, companies are expected to take advantage of their own strengths and actively expand new and emerging smart hardware and swords are expected to generate semi-annual profits by 2022/04/27.
The advantages of the operation are often that the "precision zero component + smart hardware complete machine" can be developed over time. The rest of the client ' s 22q1 performance forecast: 21 years of performance meets expectations.
\triangleright is well-run, vr/ar, etc., has a great advantage. The company accumulates a lot in the area of smart hardware.
It follows up with new clients in the area of 1)vr: the company is the Vr industry odm flagship, with a deep binding three-quarterly performance rating: q3 matches the forecast, vr leads into the domestic and international vr core brands of meta, sony and pico, accompanied by new products in the second half of 23rd year.
Entering fast-growing lanes - 2021/10/27 Entry and release, progressive ecological improvement in the downstream industry and wider application of the landscape, with company performance expected to achieve further improvement.
(ii) Area of growth: As the prevalence of nano-pressure printing increases gradually in the future, companies will benefit fully from their own technological deposits and existing nano-pressure print production lines. 3) Other business: The public's games hosts and smart-to-intellectual lines of products are expected to generate higher revenues for companies in the future.
Investment recommendation: The “recommended” rating is maintained in the light of the impact of large clients' cancellation of product orders and the fact that some of the vr's new products are in the second half of 23 years \triangleright, although under short-term pressure, has a strong long-term competitive advantage.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.