Gore shares (002241), 2022 newspaper and 23q1 rating: short-term profit under pressure, no research assistant, Golden Crystal
Keywords: # Second Curve#Short Assets#Integration Events: Companies Issued 2022 and First Quarterly 2023  Significant Growth in Recoveries in 22, Specific Projects Impacting Profiting: Companies Collected $104.9 billion in 22 years.
22 years of major business performance: 1) smart hardware revenues of 63,082 million yuan, a significant increase of 92.3 per cent over the same period, resulting in a significant increase in customer products such as vr, games and apparelable equipment, as a result of a strong competitive advantage resulting from years of technological accumulation; 2) smart acoustics collections of 25.9 billion yuan.
15% decline in the same year; 3) 14 billion yuan in precision zero components, an increase of 1% in the same year, and the business’s core competitiveness has continued to strengthen. 4) The fall in profit for 22 years was mainly due to losses in the operation of the smart acoustic machine, which was linked to the suspension of production of a smart acoustic whole-office product by large offshore clients.
The company has continued to increase its R & D investment, costing 5.2 billion yuan a year, rising in comparison to the first quarter of the year XXIII, with short-term earnings under pressure: 24.1 billion yuan, billion yuan, yoy-98%. We believe that the performance of q1 is largely constrained by: 1) the decline in the consumer electronics sector.
In this case, corporate revenue is still stable, and the rest of the company’s business is well under way, with the company’s Japanese customer’s share in the game machine.
The upgrades, vr’s new products have increased significantly, while other smart households and other projects have gone out with lots of flowers. Gore shares (002241); Event review: Business advantages such as company vr/ar are still in place, and it is hoped that the company will return to growth in the future.
A performance announcement to amend, other products that we firmly see as long-term corporate trends: 1) vr/ar logic is still expected to continue: domestic and foreign mainstream brands are heavily configured, and the intensive release of xr's new product is expected to boost the growth of output in the long term.
Based on a variety of factors, such as ecological improvement at home and abroad, the expansion of the application landscape, and the entry of more technology giants, vr/ar hardware exports are expected to continue to grow in the coming years; 2) other product lines are still in Gore (002241); 2022q3 season
There's a certain increase in the volume of the game machine and the share of the company, large domestic customers plus a few comments: pressure in the second half of the year, long-term trends, core competitiveness and long-term growth trends, with the prospect of a gradual exit from the downside and the future.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the continuing impact of the event on the company and its operations, valued at $1.933 billion a year ago, based on our view of the long-term trends in the vr industry, short-term performance, short-term effects of external events, continuing growth in the firm's core competitiveness, etc.
Su, we continue to watch the company’s future growth trends and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Gore shares, three major financial forecasts.