Mid-24-year review: Volatility of investment returns and suppression of profit performance by R & D inputs, aigc sustained robust growth in revenue collection and volatility of investment returns resulting in pressure on profits. 1) The company started operating in the first half of 24 months of zhagheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn
The decline is mainly affected by investment returns and investment in R & D costs; 2) of which q2 was achieved in the first quarter of the year, the equivalent share of eps-0.16 was realized, and the loss of net profit attributable to the mother was mainly due to changes in investment gains and losses. The share of offshore operations continued to rise, and search and advertising operations performed well. 1) The company’s overseas operations performed well.
Continue to be at a higher level; 2) The decline in games, overseas social operations, 17.31 per cent and 22.89 per cent respectively, respectively; affiliates see free play (gaming platform), opaireland (advertising overseas browsers), operanorwayas (searching overseas browsers) as net gains, respectively
Roughly 0.75, 141, 63 million yuan and good overall performance in overseas operations. Billion dollars, an increase of 115.7 per cent in the same year, continued to increase at a higher rate; 2) large model, version 3.0 of the large-scale daily work model, using the 400 billion parameter moe structure, is the largest and most significant parameter of the current global model.
One of the strongest open-source moe models; release of China's first music sota model — “skymusic”; 3) application end, further refinement of product performance on the basis of the “Sunworkai Search” and release of the latest edition of the Skyworker's intellectual assistant, Dau has made a breakthrough of one million and commercialization is progressing well; club
koala, projectg7 is in the process of development; in addition, the company is also active in i music, i short play, and i socialization (one hundred and fifty thousand dollars in linky, dau);
4) Overseas and meta-cosm, in the first half of the year, Opra achieved a business income of $200 million, which is the same increase as in Kuala Lumpur (300418.sz) - cost and investment gains and losses caused a decline in q3 performance, 17 per cent; after the adjustment of ebitda, $51.52 million, an increase of 22 per cent. At the end of the product, Aria is on the map.
Quinlon Wanvi (300418.sz) - Search and advertising up, big models and likes generation, voice interaction continued to upgrade, leading to 300 million live users worldwide.
Cullen Vanwi (300418.sz) - 70% increase in net operating profits, and aigc move fast: taking into account the volatility of investment returns and the impact of research and development costs, we expect to become a platform-type company with a big model for the aigc era plus applied ecology, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
In the first half of the year, the company’s R&D costs amounted to $757 million, and the cost of R&D amounted to $757 million for the first half of the year.
The same-year-old growth of 115.7 per cent continues to increase at a higher rate; 2) in the larger model, the large-scale daily work model has evolved to version 3.0 This model, using the 400 billion-parameter moe structure, is one of the largest and most robust open-source moe models of the current global model parameters; and the first sota model of China, “Scientific skymusic”; 3) at the end of the application, in
On the basis of the Skyworka search, the product functionality was further refined and the latest edition of the Skyworker's Academist hand, dau have broken through millions and commercialization is well under way; a number of the ai games, including the clubkoala, projectg7, are in the process of development; in addition to the company's music, a short play, and a linky socialization.
Figure 5: Clubkoala game shows good overseas information distribution and meta-cosm operations. Overseas and meta-cosm, first half of the year, Iotra.
Operating income of $200 million, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period; after achieving the adjusted ebitda of $51.52 million, an increase of 22 per cent over the same period. The product end-of-the-producta has continued to upgrade in the areas of image generation, voice interaction, etc., leading to a higher global average of the month's performance, but the company is looking ahead to the aigc base model and the commercialization of the sea.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, it seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.