The semi-annual review of 2024: a one-stop shop is on track, with a positive focus on the progress of the multi-ai application, a steady growth in the harvest, and a new year-round revision of the Opra guidelines.
3.16 per cent, of which: 1) game business revenue is $241 million, a decrease of 18.37 per cent in the same year, which we consider to be the main line-on-the-line effect of the product; 2) overseas social network business revenue is $476 million, a decrease of 5.92 per cent, which we believe is mainly influenced by the promotional rhythm; 3) higher growth continues to be achieved
16.57 per cent of the ring grew by 7.72 per cent, adjusted by ebitda of $2.661 million, and the same year-on-year growth led to a higher profit end under the influence of ai input and investment fluctuations. 2024h1 company boomed and accelerated the landing of the ai layout, and diversified applications opened up commercialization.
Type +ai application has built a multi-ai business matrix consisting of a big model, ai search, ai game, ai music, ai socialization, ai short play, and has acquired 10,000 on application landing and commercialization realization, a social product, "linky" day active users, over half a million people, and a music show has been launched
Quinlon Wanwi (300418) Quarterly 2024: Daily music service to domestic users, and global top-of-the-art media music level for overseas users : ai input and investment for performance
"Melodio" and "mureka" of the i music creation platform, where the i-famous i-fiction has been published, and the forward-looking i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i. In addition, i-i-i-play is expected to be in 2024.
The beta version of the test was launched in October, along with a new tour such as the ai+ugc Open World rpg Projectg7. In terms of commercialization, the company’s large-scale daily model is available through a b-end client, e.g., Klonwanwi (300418): 2023.
Trust operators, etc. work together to achieve income, while domestic and external c-end applications such as i music, i critic: good business performance, allinai strategy socialization, etc., are commercialized through value-added services such as membership.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In view of the volatility of corporate inputs and investment operations, we have accelerated downwards and application performance, long-term growth of savings and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
The monetary units of the relevant data are the renminbi, and Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.