The semi-annual performance pressure of 29th of August 2024, the commercialization of the ai accelerated, the size of the collection steady and the return on investment and investment in research and development held short-term profits.
a Total equity share (millions of shares): $389 million in loss, net loss of $407 million for non-post parent losses, mainly due to increased corporate investment in ai R & D and a loss of fair value on related investments due to the downside of the capital market.
Aai applications are on the ground, commercialization is accelerating, and corporate multi-ai products are on the ground globally, with 24h1 million; al-play " chlubkoala " kicks off the alpha test, and in August, the company launched the global headline al
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- Kuala Lumpur Von Wie (300418), 2023 " , " Current Media Music Platforms " melodio and "ai music creation platform " , "cureka " , "ai short play platform " , and " one-quarter review of 2024 " : " Oprea keeps up with high growth, agi strategy " .
skyareels was also officially released on August 19. On the commercial side, the large-scale skywork model is being promoted in telecommunications operations. 2024.05.15 Business collaborations are taking place among traders, mainstream mobile phone manufacturers, financial institutions, etc., to accelerate business both within and outside the country.
Overseas information distribution and meta-cosm operations are continuing, with an increase of US$ 200 million, or 17 per cent, in business income, adjusted ebitda at US$ 51.2 million, or 22 per cent, as of 24q2, the number of active users in the global month was 300 million, and annualized arpu.
The company, as the country’s leading artificial intelligence technology company, maintains its allinal strategy and invests more in research and development.
Entering, perfecting the whole chain of the ai, we estimate that the company achieved net return profits in 2024-2026, and that the commercialization of the strategist model fell short of expectations: increased industry competition: tighter regulation, etc.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts