Quarterly reduction of capacity utilization and inventory; 2) continuous reduction of cash costs; 3) confirmation of implementation of industry production quota system; 4) possible increase in capacity utilization by companies if multi-crystal silicon prices revert to 50 yuan per kilogram; 5)
Wang Monuan is waiting to reach the balance of cash costs and losses before executing the adr buyback. 4 of the old production lines are maintained and repaired, while 1 production line and 1 production line are suspended in the interior of the country.
Xinjiang ' s four old production lines are expected to have lower cash costs in four quarters in view of the declining prices of industrial multiple crystal silicon and electricity, as well as the optimal production structure (four old production lines in Xinjiang are more costly owing to their small size).
3) Management confirms the implementation of the industry production quota mechanism, led by the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, which was launched after several rounds of discussions with the Ministry of Trade and Communications (most frequent communication), the DRC and the Energy Authority. However, in terms of implementation, the majority is now based on corporate self-regulation and there are no substantial penalties for irregularities. Even so, management expects the entire industry to survive.
The production quota union will last at least until mid-2025. 4) If the multi-crystal silicon price returns to 50 yuan per kilogram, companies may increase their capacity utilization: the management table suggests that they prefer to keep the capacity utilization rate at the current low, unless the multi-crysilica price exceeds 50 yuan per kilogram.
In this case, management expects an increase of 50,000 to 100,000 tons per month if the multi-crystal silicon price remains below RMB 55 per kilogram, they consider that the possibility of a second or third line of production is very low because management estimates that the price corresponds to the profit/loss balance of these marginal capacity ebitdas.
5) Adr buyback pending a cash cost/loss balance: Management states that if the multi-crystal silicon price returns above the cash cost level (45 yuan per kilogram), they will consider starting a $100 million adr/a share (dq/688303.ss) investment perspective for large new energy sources: the big new energy source is a global leader multi-crystal
Silicon producers (which accounted for 14% of the global market share by the end of 2023), whose asset-liability strength (zero-debt) is in Goldman Sachs’ business relationship with the firms analysed in his study, and continue to seek to develop these relationships. Therefore, investors should take into account the fact that this company may be at the top of China’s photovoltaic company in our coverage. We rate it as buying, because we think it is now.
The valuation (which corresponds to 0.2 times the expected market net rate of 2024) overtakes investors’ concern that the downside price of multi-crystal silicon and the price of multi-crystal silicon will remain below the cash cost of a front-line manufacturer. We are confident that a robust asset liability position for large-scale energy will be limited in space, and we rate it neutral.
Because we don’t value the company’s balance sheet at a discount, the main risk for the whole of the world is that (1) the price of multi-crystal silicon is lower than expected: the output exit is slower than expected or the demand is lower than expected may put pressure on our basic multi-crysilica price assumptions; and (2) higher than expected prices of raw materials and electricity could lead to a Maori rate.
Higher than expected could have an impact on our basic assumption of multi-crystal silicon prices; 2) higher than/below prices for raw materials and electricity could result in lower than/be expected Māori rates.We, Wang Monuing and Ducie, affirm here that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal perceptions of the companies or their securities. Moreover, no part of our salaries has been matched, no.
A summary of the Goldman Sachs Elements Part of the outline evaluates the investment background of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with the market (i.e., our coverage) and comparable counterparts. The four main indicators are growth, financial returns, and comparative experience.
Valuation multiples (valorization) and combinations (growth, financial return, combination of valuation multipliers). Growth, financial return and valuation multipliers are calculated using the normal ranking of each stock-specific indicator. Then, the normal ranking of these indicators is regularized and translated into a percentage of the relevant indicator. The way each indicator is calculated may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard method The growth indicator is based on the expected increase in the sale of a stock, the ebitda increase and the profit per share increase (the financial unit uses only the profit per share and the sales increase), a higher percentage means that the company is growing faster.
The return is based on the expected net asset return of a stock, rose and croci (the financial unit uses only the net asset return), and the higher percentage represents the higher financial return of the company. The valuation is based on the expected market surplus of one stock, the market net rate, equity prices/equity, v/ebitda, v/fcf, v/dacf (ev/debt-adjusted cash flow) (the financial unit uses only the market rate, net market rates and equity/equity), and the higher percentage represents the higher value of the company ' s valuation. The combined percentage is the average of 100% growth, 100% financial return and (100%-valued hundreds).
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may differ from sector to sector to region) to account for the possibility of certain firms being acquired.
We then rate the company against M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & A (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent), and three have a relatively low probability of Qantum quantum, a highly proprietary database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The stock ratings of dagonewenergy and Xinjiangdagonewenergyco. are relative to those of other companies within the scope of the study: dagonewenergy, flatglass group (a), flatglassgroup (h), gcltechnologyholds, hangzhoufirstappliedmatial, langigrenenergytechnologyco., shenzhensc newenergytechnology, sungrowowersuppplyco., suzhoumaxwelltechnologiesco., tclzhonghuan, tongwei, xjiangdagonewenergyco.,
xinyisolarholds statutory corporate-related disclosures