New Olympic shares (60803), public utility, expansion of storage capacity, cash flow for development, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre III
Performance rating: In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved $10.6 billion in revenue, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net return to the mother of $3.16 billion, a decrease of 11.9 per cent over the same period; in 2022, q3 quarter, a revenue of $33.460 billion was realized, corporate business income grew at a high rate, and diversified operations reached a high level of activity.
In the last three quarters, the cash flow from business activities increased by 10.9 billion yuan, or 56.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, and benefited mainly from a significant increase in direct sales and the return of profits from coal operations. The sales volume of coal operations increased significantly, the unit price rose and the profits contributed.
This represents an increase of 38.5 per cent over the same period in the previous year. Financial costs increased by 339.7 per cent (formerly 920.0 per cent) on a year-on-year basis, mainly United States dollar debt held by its subsidiary, New Olympic energy, resulting in a restructuring of exchange rates to optimize integrated industrial chain layouts, and the expansion of storage capacity in the three-phased project, Shoshan Ing.
The reorganization of 90 per cent of New Olympic Group Inc. and New Olympic Holdings ' New Oak Hills has been completed, responding to the national green low-carbon development strategy and helping to diversify the business model and optimize the company.
• Powerful cash flow and issuance of tickets to optimize debt structures. Corporate money is available by the end of the third quarter.
In addition, in September, the company announced that it would issue a three billion-dollar ticket to help restructure and optimize debt and reduce the cost of financing, which would maintain a mixed growth rate of 13.0 per cent and a “holding” rating of 13.0 per cent.
1. New Olympic shares (600803): No direct or indirect compensation for the layout of the natural gas industry chain, which has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, obtained as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.