Increased profits from direct gas sales and coal operations, pulling q3 core to the mother ' s net share of the new Olympics (600803.sh)
The company published three quarterly reports in 2022, which generated business income of $106,589 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 34.19 per cent over the previous three quarters: a net return to the mother of $3,159 million (with a deduction of $1.933 billion). A return of $33,458 million was realized in the third quarter (with an increase of 20.48 per cent).
Increased profits from direct sales and coal operations, high growth in the q3 core net return profits, 36.82 per cent in the third quarter of the year, continued high growth rates, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the profit contribution from direct sales operations, and in the volume of coal operations.
Leung Yonan's profit contribution increased. The third quarter's net return fell by 30.20% over the year, mainly because of fair value changes, such as trading financial assets, and the disposal of transactional cash.
The total return on investment, such as the financing product, is $1,082 million, and we expect it to be mainly due to the appreciation of the dollar, increased profitability and a significant increase in net operating cash flows, with a third quarter Māori ratio of 16.74 per cent (year-on-year +0.73 pt), roe (disbursement) 9.54 per cent.
Profitability has increased on the same basis (+1.27 pct); net operating cash flows for the third quarter amounting to $4,133 million (+95.7 per cent for the same period), mainly as a result of higher direct sales and higher profits from coal operations and timely refunds, as well as higher returns of taxes and fees received; non-recurrent third quarter
Sexual gains and losses amount to $882 million, mainly due to a total of $1,082 million in investment earnings from fair values, such as transactional financial assets, and the disposal of transactional financial assets.
The company acquired 90 per cent of New Orcs by issuing shares and paying cash at a cost of $8.55 billion, of which 45 per cent was acquired by issuing shares to major shareholders at a cost of $17.22. On 2 days, the reorganization involved 90 per cent of New Orcs.
With a planned reception capacity of 8.5 million tonnes/year, one phase of construction is now expected to be completed in 2025, and four storage tanks, totalling 880,000 cubic metres, were constructed. The total storage capacity reached 1.52 million cubic metres, with a total reception capacity of 8.5 million tonnes/year, in real terms.
With the release of capacity, New Oak Hills will be able to release 3.51 million tons, yielding 3.37 billion yuan and net profit of 636 million yuan.
In addition to the increased performance, there will be a deeper synergy with the company's demand ecology, resource ecology, storage ecology, a combination of supply-and-demand matching, resource structure, facility capacity, etc., which will increase the public sector's options in different market environments, achieve optimal combinations of strategies and significantly upgrade the company's nuclear power.
The project’s infusion is expected to result in a significant increase in performance elasticity; we appreciate the development potential of companies to become integrated cleaner and new energy suppliers, and are currently maintaining a “recommended” rating. Gas demand is not as high as expected: ng market prices are exceeding expectations at home and abroad
In January 2022, he joined China’s Galaxy securities.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.