New Olympic shares (600803.sh) Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) • Direct sales & major coal contributions, with three-quarterly reports of significant increases in core profits.
Recently, the National Energy Agency organized a special meeting on the maintenance of gas prices during the 2022-2023 heating season, which called for enhanced contract performance and enhanced civil gas security. As the warming season began, downstream demand was strong and corporate core performance was high. The company issued three quarterly reports, resulting in a net return of $3.16 billion to the mother in the first three quarters of 2022.
Our gas consumption continues to increase, and profits are expected to rise steadily. Maintain the “buy-in” rating.
This is mainly due to a similar increase in profits from direct sales & coal operations; an operating cash flow of 10.90 billion yuan, equal to +56.8 per cent, mainly due to increased profits from core operations and timely refunds, while tax returns were received in the current reporting period of 100 million yuan, i.e. +87.1 per cent ring comparison, mainly due to the bright performance of the core coal & gas business.
• In the context of domestic cities, where the core business is robust, with a robust operations of billions of cubic metres, compared to 0.6 per cent, the end demand is weak owing to recurrent outbreaks, high gas prices, and so on, the company retailing business has demonstrated resilience, reaching 18.830 billion retail gas during the last three quarters.
Fumi, year-on-year + 4.4 per cent integrated energy operations: By the end of September 2022, companies had launched 189 integrated energy projects to achieve 18.21 billion kilowatt-hours of combined energy sales such as cold, heat, electricity and steam, as compared to the sustained growth in performance, focusing on new projects and assets
On 28 October 2022, the company announced that it would invest $3.8 billion in three projects for the construction of a canoe mountain, consisting of 4 220,000 cubic metres of canisters and ancillary facilities, which would bring the company a new ling connection.
With the country’s growing demand for gas, the construction of the three-phased project is conducive to improving the processing capacity of the canoe receiving station, creating diversified outlet routes, steadily increasing the market share of the company, creating a more stable and competitive pool of resources, and laying the foundation for subsequent development.