The semiconductor equipment order continues to land, benefiting from semiconductor 19 July 2017.
The incident: the company's official Weibo Public announcement of July 18: limited shares in company and crystallization technology.
The company's subsidiary, Chengzhou All-Silicon Materials Limited, signed a contract for a single-crystal silicon growth furnace for a contract amounting to over $9 million for semiconductor equipment that the company has signed since this year.
In 2014, the State published the National Integrated Circuit Development Promotion Programme. In 2015, the National Integrated Circuit Foundation was established. In addition, the National Integrated Circuit Promotion Programme, China Manufacturing, was launched.
Top-level design documents such as 2025 plan the development of the semiconductor industry, with billions of dollars already being invested in the semiconductor industry, which is moving into a high-speed development phase, and the demand for equipment and materials has increased dramatically. The world’s top 10 semiconductor plants produce 72% of the world’s energy, by the way.
The semiconductor sector follows Moore’s law, and the integrated circuits have a “fast, smaller, cheaper” trend, so the stability of the monocrystal furnaces and the absence of defects in the finished product are key to reducing costs.
The company, as the only semiconductor-grade monocrystal equipment manufacturer in the country, has produced a number of significant results, of which the main technological indicators of the silicon monocrystal furnaces in the new generation are internationally advanced, breaking the pattern of foreign monopolies and beginning to produce.
A wide range of semiconductor processing equipment, such as a fully automated crystallizer grinder, is expected to benefit significantly from the country’s strong development of the integrated circuit industry in the future. Large photovoltaic orders are falling, benefiting from increased photovoltaic refrigeration + single crystalline silicon permeability.
The company ' s announced major operating contract orders since 2017 (including outstanding contracts with the winning bid) have reached 3,055 million, all of which are photovoltaic equipment orders, mostly from the world ' s leading photovoltaic giants, highlighting once again the company ' s leading position in the field of monocrystal equipment. Of these, 1,623 million are in the field of monocrystal equipment.
Revenue will be recognized this year, and companies are expected to double their revenue in 2017. By the end of 2016, China’s photovoltaic aggregate installed capacity of 77.42gw was planned to reach 150gw by 2020, nearly doubling; and the country’s silicon giants announced a single crystallized extension program, single crystalline silicon.
The penetration rate is expected to rise from the current 30% to more than 50%. According to a breakthrough in the development of 300 kg-grade sapphire in 2016, the unit cost will be significantly reduced.
Positive developments in research and development have resulted in the production of 300 kg-grade sapphire crystals, shapes, general transparency, non-fibre, non-crystality, less bubbles, which can be applied to the 4-inch crystal of Led, which has an effective length of around 3,400 mm, making the company a few international masters of the technology.
One of the companies with the technique. The bigger the size of the sapphire crystals, the more the material is, the more the company evaluates: the bigger the luminous orders fall, the higher the photovoltaic rate, the smaller the margin loss, especially in the application of the large-sized panel at the bottom of the led above 6 inches.
Corporate review: Performance is higher than expected, and benefits from photovoltaic warming + semiconduct are more pronounced. Compared to the 150 kg-grade sapphire crystals, the 300 kg-grade blue crystals developed this time could be reduced by about 20% of the estimated unit cost of the post-partum amount, which would significantly increase the company's presence in the blue.
Corporate rating: positive growth progress, sustained short-term performance, competitiveness in gemstone crystals operations, which is expected to bring new growth points to the company in the future.
The company's short-term performance will benefit from the warmth of the photovoltaic industry and, in the long run, the expected benefits of semiconductor industry high-profile industries and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment, with a recommended focus on the company's semi-conductor equipment.
The next wave in the electronics industry will benefit from the development of a company rating: the winning bid for a contract for photo-voltaic equipment of over $200 million, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., which has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.