The crystal-singer power (300316) reports that the big light-voltage orders continue to fall and benefit from the light-voltage cooling + single-crystal silicon permeability.
Incident 1: The company issued an indicative announcement on 4 July that the winning bid had been the result of a project to purchase equipment for the radial optical crystals, which was expected to exceed 1 billion yuan.
The company issued an announcement on 29 June stating that it would enter into a contract for the purchase and sale of a fully automated crystal growth furnace with a value of $309 million.
With hundreds of millions of orders in succession, technology has been recognized by high-end clients, and the company's orders have come from the world's leading silicon giants.
Jingao Solar is a listed company on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange in the United States, the world’s top producer of photovoltaic assemblies, batteries, and the global leader in silicone production. The middle ring luminous is a fully-owned company with a central share of a single crystal dragon, with a proposed 8gw single crystal silicon material, single crystal silicon tablets, and the company is already in the pipeline.
In addition, the company's announced major operating contract orders since 2017 (including the winning bid of $1 billion, which will be recognized as revenue this year), combined with $434 million in contracts that were not completed at the end of last year, are expected to show the company's leading position in the field of monocrystal equipment.
In 2016, the company invested 77.17 million in R & D, accounting for 7.1% of operating income, and has achieved a number of significant improvements in R & D.
As a result, the new generation of silicon silicon monocrystal furnaces, whose main technical indicators are internationally advanced, have broken the pattern of foreign monopolies and have begun to measure production. The annual report also revealed that the development of semiconductor equipment has been successful and has been integrated into three different processing features.
In the future, it is expected to increase the layout of semi-conductor back-channel processing equipment. China’s photovoltaic assembly capacity of 77.42gw at the end of 2016 is planned to be reached by 2020.
150gw, close to doubling: Meanwhile, the domestic silicon giant announces a single-crystal extension plan. The penetration rate of single-crystal silicon is expected to rise from the current 30% to over 50%.
On June 20, the company issued a circular stating that the holding company, the big-sized Sapphire crystals in the ring, had made positive progress in research and development and had successfully developed 300 kg-grade sapphire crystals using the blistering method, shapes, ubiquitous transparency, non-breakable, non-crystal, less bubbles, which could be applied to the 4-inch crystals of Led.
The length of the stick is about 3,400 mm, making the company one of the few companies in the world that has mastered the technology. The greater the size of the sapphire crystals, the more the material is used.
The higher the rate, the smaller the margin loss, especially in the application of large-sized panels at the bottom of the led line at or above 6 inches.
The projected unit cost of the gemstone crystal can be reduced by about 20 per cent and will significantly enhance the company's performance in the blue company rating: reporting performance as expected and the competitiveness of the photovoltaic plus semiconductor two gemstone crystals operations, which are expected to be a new growth point for the company in the future.
Corporate Review: Transistor Power (300316): With high performance growth, the company ' s short-term performance will benefit from a warming of the photovoltaic industry, with the long-term prospect of benefiting from semiconductor industry, and the national production of semiconductor single crystalline silicon equipment will benefit from the next power.
High industry and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment, it is recommended that the focus be on the company half-company rating: Transistor Power (300316): the winning bid exceeded $200 million pe by 34/24/21x, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Contract for photovoltaic equipment, domestic semiconductor monocrystal equipment Company comment: Crystal Power (300316): Monocrylic equipment tap, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board, has a securities investment advisory