*The company announcement of June 29th, 2017 and the "Classed Solar Science and Technology Company" (hereinafter:
A contract for the purchase and sale of a fully automated crystallized growth furnace was signed for the use of single crystal silicon material and ultra thin and high-efficiency solar energy in renewable energy solar cells in the company's bulletin of 4 July 2017.
Batteries purchase the third batch of the first batch of the silicon monocrystal cut-off project equipment, which is expected to be in a series of winning orders, and the company continues to operate well. Since 2017, the company has accumulated orders for semiconductor equipment exceeding RMB 80 million, and has been recapturing optical crystals on several occasions.
Major orders for photovoltaic equipment, such as stoves, with an aggregate value of approximately $30.24 billion, event evaluation: crystals (300316) when 2.77 times the operating income of $1,091 million in 2016, provided solid performance growth throughout the year
- Significant growth in performance, the basis for single crystal high-temperature pull-on equipment investment, and the firm's dominant position in crystal-growing equipment is being consolidated.
The company has recently signed a contract with the company JUNG for semiconductor silicon materials, a subsidiary of the company. The contract for the long-crystal furnaces was over $9 million, and the company's combined semiconductor equipment has been signed since this year.
Pan Young-la's orders are over 80 million yuan. Construction of an integrated circuit upstream crystal mill is accelerating, with nine of the 19 new global crystal mills expected to be home in China in the next 1-2 years, and China will be all-China.
It's one of the main crystal-crystal production bases. Crystal is the world's top 10 semiconductor silicon-chip supplier, S01051201001, which has already established a better basis for business cooperation with the company, and is now being integrated into the crystal-crystal semiconductor.
Ordering, on the one hand, to validate the technical and quality of the products from the crystals, and, on the other hand, to consolidate the partnership between the two sides, will help the company to further develop the semiconductor equipment market. The company is on the 19th floor of Deepfield International Building.
The Great Wall Swe Securities Co. Ltd., a market development opportunity for circuits and semiconductors, has successfully developed a semiconductor fully automated crystal grinding machine, which combines crystal bar grinding circles, orientations, etc. that were originally required to be completed by three different processing devices.
The topic "Development of national production equipment for silicon single crystal furnaces in inches" was successfully approved by the National Task Force on Acceptance and Inspection, and the product "Fz100a-zjs molten silicon single crystal furnaces" has been able to grow 8 inches of semiconductor-class single crystal silicon sticks and has been the first to master the technique of semiconductor-class silicon rods growing 12 inches.
The future surge in semiconductor demand will be the biggest marginal in the growth of corporate performance. The spread of photovoltaic accelerated growth, the reduction of photovoltaic poverty, and the runner’s plans to increase single crystal demand.
Crystallines first need to acquire monocrystal growth equipment, but only a large-scale external sale of single-crystal furnaces is currently left in the country. So the company's monocrystal production equipment becomes the primary option for expanding the capacity of high-end customers, such as ring luminum, crystals, solar energy, except for Lungi shares, in a single-crystal replacement of a multi-crystal wave.
Sapphire research is progressing well, and high-end crystal manufacturing is expected to form a second level of growth. The company’s large-scale sapphire crystals are making positive progress, and the use of bubbles in the company’s crystalworks has been successful.
The 300-kilogram sapphire crystals, which can be applied to led with a 4-inch crystal bar active length of about 3,400 mm, make the company one of the few international companies with 300-kilogram-sized blistering techniques, far ahead of the national average of 60-130 kg of sapphire crystals.
Levels. Sapphire is now widely used in the area of led, while large-scale sapphire crystals have a strong advantage in the application of the led liner, large-scale panels above 6 inches, and a 20% reduction in the unit cost of 300 kg of sapphire from 150 kg of sapphire would significantly enhance corporate blue.
In addition, the company ' s sapphire factory is located in Inner Mongolia, where electricity is less than 0.2 yuan, and can be produced using its own equipment, while at the same time achieving effective quality control through the mastery of the sapphire core technology.
In 2017, the company announced a new contract of over $3.08 billion, and given the company ' s lead earnings as an equipment dealer in the monocrystal expansion wave and the outlook for the company ' s semiconductor business, we expect the monocrystal replacement process to fall short of expectations in 2017 and 2018; the sales of sapphire products have fallen short of expectations; and the company ' s output has fallen short of expectations.
In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;