Performance met expectations, with significant benefits from the monocrystal replacement wave
217h single-crystal furnace sales have increased significantly, with a significant increase in performance          + 234 per cent in comparison
Smart equipment earned 31.7 million, compared to 67.4 per cent; sapphire materials earned 35.66 million, compared to 286 per cent; and led smart equipment earned 3.844 million, compared to 5.7 per cent.
Production expansion, approval of single-crystal technology routes, continuous increase in penetration, company crystal growth, especially single-crystal silicon growth furnaces are well marketed, with major operating contract orders announced in the first half of the year (including outstanding bid) reaching 3,142 million, and nearly nine have become single-crystal orders.
Of this total, 1.889 billion will be recognized this year, and companies are expected to double their annual revenues by 2017. Moreover, the company’s gradual expansion of production, in a favourable context of the expansion of its sapphire downstream producers, has also led to a significant increase in its sapphire material revenues.
- 2.76 pct,-1.12 pct), by 4.38 pct, both because of the rapid growth in the turnover of the denominator and the absolute cost of finance due to the increase in the corresponding interest income from corporate non-public fund-raising
In January-July 2017, we added 34.92gw, an increase of 13.66gw over the previous year.
The new 10.5gw in July was significantly higher than expected, and the industry is now back on the rise. Moreover, our photovoltaic industry is still policy- and subsidy-driven, generating electricity at high cost, and generating electricity at a flat cost is the life force that sustains its continued growth.
According to the expansion plan of the major silicon producers, 22gw of single crystal silicon production capacity was added in 2017, with an estimated market space of 22 billion yuan for single crystal equipment in the year. Taking into account back-end cutting and processing equipment, the total market space for equipment (including single-crystal + back-end processing equipment) could reach 26 billion yuan by 2019.
Most of the 3,142 million orders made in the first half of the year came from such industry leaders as the Central Ring and the Crystal Australia industry, and we believe that the company would be the first to benefit from this wave of single-crystal expansion, with subsequent orders expected to continue to grow and support high growth in corporate performance.
In 2016, the top five semiconductor silicon manufacturers in Japan, Taiwan, Germany, and South Korea accounted for 92% of the world ' s capacity, and oligopoly has formed. And the country now has a large 300mm silicon.
The country is also strongly pushing the semiconductor process of national production at the policy and capital levels. As the country’s scarce semiconductor-level equipment dealer, some of the equipment has been sold to Taiwan (about $1 million per unit), including customers.
1. Transistor power: Obtains semiconductors, semiconductors, Tianjin rings, Taiwan alloys, and other well-known semiconductor enterprises. In the first half of the year, the Division ' s semiconductor equipment together signed more than 85 million new orders, including semiconductor monocrystals, semiconductors, etc.
Single, to benefit from new products such as home-grown semiconductor equipment, single-crystal silicone rollers, cut-off machines, etc., while accelerating the development of fixed semiconductor processing equipment. We believe that the company ' s products have been successfully replaced by imports, and that a crystal circle plant will be built on the mainland.
In the future, it is expected to benefit significantly from semiconductor equipment in a country where hot tides become the primary choice for home-grown equipment.
• Profit forecasting and investment recommendations 3. Crystal-spill power: Overperformance, short-term performance of companies that will benefit from increased heating and monocrystal penetration in the photovoltaic industry, with long-term expectations
The high profile of the semiconductor industry and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment are recommended to focus on the development and sale of semiconductor equipment in countries that benefit from photovoltaic reheating + semiconductor equipment.
Short-term performance supported by long-term benefits.