Photovoltaic equipment benefits from high-profile, semi-guided industries: large trends in the national production of mechanical and photovoltaic equipment
Nishi has grown by 9.156%, resulting in a net profit of $142 million to the mother, an increase of 88.16%. The company also issued a three-quarter performance forecast that projected a net profit of $220 million to $259 million for 2017q1-3.
The year 2017’s semi-annual performance continued to be high. On a quarterly basis, the company 201q2 operates with the structural problems of the crystalline silicon growing equipment of Xinxin Investment Management Consulting Ltd., which is expected to return to normal levels in the second half of the year.
The second half of Qiu Min Soo will be at the peak of recognition of photovoltaic equipment. According to the company's historical pattern and the performance of the winning list, we believe that the second half of the company will be at the peak of recognition of photovoltaic equipment, which will be in the middle of the year.
The first and second large purchases of equipment for the four-phase silicone monocrystomy industrialization project using single-crystal silicon and ultra thin-efficient solar cells in Mongolia are expected to complete revenue recognition this year.
Electricity Industry Operations Brief January-July 2017, January-July 2009 (300316) company depth report: 10 years of industry 35gw, of which 11gw was added in July, new loads were again more than expected in the country.
Wind and rain roads, the conglomerates of single crystalline silicon equipment have returned, and the photovoltage industry has continued to be validated. The combined increase in the number of new photovoltaic machines worldwide between 2017 and 2020 is 6%, and China ' s domestic photovoltage is over-expected, with 35gw per year projected for the future.
Measuring the global single crystalline silicon capacity demand in 2020, China accounts for the world ' s main silicon silicon production capacity, and we expect new silicon production capacity of 10.5 gw, 13.65gw per year between 2017 and 2020.
As mentioned in the communiqué of the conference: the share of the four-stage monosilicon silicon pole project under construction by the Polytechnic Corporation, and the subsequent agreement to jointly plan and co-finance the construction of the new monosilicon stick project. We believe that, in the context of the monosilicon trend, the future downstream monosilicon energy will hold.
The company’s photovoltaic equipment continues to benefit from the industry’s high profile and single crystalline silicone penetration rate; the semiconductor equipment: China’s domestic firms keep adding code to the silicon crystal circle. The equipment companies are opening up.
The construction of a production line of 400,000 8-inch silicon and 100,000 12-inch silicon per month is planned to be implemented in three stages. The main plant for the first phase of the project has been built and 100,000 8-inch silicon per month will be completed by the end of the year. The total investment in the two or three phases of the project will amount to $4.3 billion and will be 300,000 per month.
The production line for the 8-inch silicon silicon project and the 100,000 12-inch silicon silicon project production line for the monthly production. Chinese companies, which have been building 16 plants, are now the largest in the world, while the silicon crystal round upstream is dominated by five major companies, and Chinese production capacity is missing.
The price of silicon crystal circle has been rising since 2017. China is adding silicon crystal circle to the Beijing research industry, Shanghai Shinjing and Zhejiang Jinxiang, which we believe will gradually gain approval from downstream crystal mills, the domestic silicon crystal circle is expected to enter the process of expansion, and the equipment manufacturer is expected to suffer.
Beneficial power has now covered 8 inches and 12 inches of single-crystal silicon growth furnace equipment, and the back-end processing equipment has layouts, and the company's semiconductor equipment will be able to generate investment proposals in the light of the trend towards national production. We temporarily maintain the company's sales revenue of 25.11 in 2017/2018/2019.
The sapphire material was not developed as expected.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.