The reasons for this report are: the annual report is taking stock, the overseas layout is expanding, and the red scale is rising significantly.
The year saw a decline in performance and a gradual improvement in the single quarter of the year. First, in recent years, there has been an increase in the prevalence of high iron and private cars in the country, a build-up of earlier consumption of new energy buses, a drop in total passenger-car demand, and competition in the industry.
The second is an outbreak of new coronary pneumonia in 2020, which has led to public demand for travel and tourist passenger transport, slipping, increased downward pressure in the passenger-car industry, corporate performance as the lead vehicle for large and medium-sized domestic passenger vehicles, overall performance, 2020q4, overall improvement in the state of internal control of the epidemic, a gradual recovery in the demand for passenger vehicles, and corporate performance ratios.
Improved corporate business income and net profit return ratios increased by 34.78% and 284.61% respectively. 2020q1, sales cost rates decreased, with a significant increase in the share of dividends.
Corporate sales costs decreased by 44.51 per cent over the same period and sales costs were 7.16 per cent, compared to 2.02 pct, and management combined accounted for 214.53 per cent of net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies in the company ' s combined statements for 2020, with a consistently high red mark and further up from 114.11 per cent in 2019.
28 billion yuan, or 7.15 per cent of operating income, ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, up by 1.33 pct, R & D expenditure and research over the same period the previous year
The share of China's spending on revenue is higher in the industry and continues to invest in research and development on the 7th floor of the Center.
In the area of critical technologies for passenger vehicles, the company has been investing in research and development throughout the year in the development and upgrading of autopilot technology products at Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., the development and upgrading of fuel cell-related technology products, and the development and improvement of t7 high-end commercial vehicle products.
After years of deep farming, companies have made significant progress in the development of automated driving systems, in the development of car networks, and in the development of smart web platforms, electronics and software. With the gradual transformation of research and development, companies are expected to further enhance their technological advantages. At the same time, overall demand for buses has declined.
Against a backdrop of growing competition in the industry, firms are expected to build on their technological accumulation to further expand competitive advantage, leading to an overall increase in corporate profitability. The growth of overseas deployments is expected to provide business growth points for companies.
At the end of the year, the company was tired by contracting a contract for the supply and service of 1002 Qatar World Cup vehicles for a total order of nearly $1.8 billion.
More than 75,000 passenger vehicles of all types are exported and overseas distribution services networks are covered through multiple channels in six regions of Europe, the CIS, the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, and more than a dozen countries and territories, including Ethiopia, Malaysia, Egypt, Pakistan and Kazakhstan, through kd
At the same time, companies are constantly improving their systems of supply of services and spare parts for overseas operations, depending on their product advantages, market development experience and service delivery systems, and the company’s operations are overseas.
The competitiveness of the car market is expected to increase further, thus providing a sustained growth point for the company’s operations. Investment proposals: At the industry level, the epidemic has improved as a whole, adding up to the urbanization process, with the hope that the demand for buses will be released.
First, the bus system is rich, the product chain is well-developed, and the overseas business is actively advanced, with continuous deployment of passenger vehicles in key technical areas, which are expected to help companies improve their product structure and profitability steadily. Predicted and expected; the overseas epidemic continues to spread; and the downside pressure on the bus market increases.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.