(a) Options for the consumption of automobiles and spare parts;
In December, sales fell by more than 20% compared to the previous year’s uncertainty about future subsidy policies. The subsidy policy for the next two years is well ahead of the previous year’s uncertainty about future subsidy policies.
It was determined in early 2020, with a limited slope, coupled with some local government fiscal expenditures, and the remaining vehicles, with a sharp drop in sales over the same period of the previous year, also absorbing overall sales, with the share of new energy sources being more than half, and the trend towards an improvement in the ring ratio continuing.
About half, the share of new energy is expected to be higher than 5 percentage points in the same period last year, while q4 one-quarter growth in new energy has been positive. By sales structure, 2460 buses, total market value/flow (millions)
There was a slight decline in sales for 12 months per month of the highest/minimum volume, but the ring improvement trend continued, excluding the effects of special factors.
Outside, the recovery of real demand in the industry is becoming clearer.
The industry is at the bottom of the year, and the recovery of growth is expected. The bus industry has been undergoing four consecutive years of adjustment since 2017, with a cumulative sales volume of 42,000 vehicles in the year 2020, down 29% to the right, and down to the bottom of the year.
Woo-tung Bus (600066) The Last Two Years of Expensive Source Vehicle Subsidy for the World Cup with the First Promotion of New Energy Bus, New Energy Bus Demand Order, Extremist Demand Point - 2020/12/01
It is also expected to focus on releasing the demand and orders from abroad, and the bus industry is expected to step out of the bottom and start a recovery. As the company leads the bus industry, the order situation is gradually recovering, and a sustained recovery is within reach.
Investment proposals: The company is the global leader in the bus industry, and the bus industry is expected to recover from four years of decline, and the company is expected to recover in the future as the industry recovers and demand from abroad.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.