High growth in the low base for the consumption of automobiles and spare parts, with the prospect of continued warming after the outbreak, event: company-issued February sales reports, a total of 1,321 passenger vehicles, with higher growth compared to the previous year
The low base rises, and the bus market continues to warm. Because of the low base in the worst period of the epidemic in 2020, sales grew more than twice as much in February as in February, and even after the impact of the epidemic, companies continued to grow by 22.7% in February over the same period in 19 years, with the industry gradually increasing by 22.7%.
The recovery trend is becoming clearer. Moreover, the global epidemic is expected to be alleviated as the vaccination of the new crowns of the country and abroad progresses.
Overseas markets are gradually recovering, and new energy sources are rising. As the overseas epidemic slows down, corporate sales abroad in February grew by more than 10 per cent over the same period last year, and demand recovery abroad is not sustainable.
Blocked. The company sold more than 300 new energy buses in February, about three times more than in the same period last year, and the total market value/flow (million dollars) was only around 24 per cent of the new energy sources in that month, mainly because the two meetings have not yet been held in different parts of the country.
The 12-month maximum/minimum budget spending line remains undecided, public transport needs are still low and demand is yet to be released. But, in the medium and long term, the next two years will be the last two years of a new energy vehicle subsidy, adding the first new ones.
The Utron bus (600066) is a three-year performance-based change of demand, and is expected to focus on accelerating the release of new energy passenger vehicles over the next two years.
Long-term adjustments are coming to an end, and recovery can take place in the future. The bus industry has gone through a series of bus cars (600066) since 2017.
Further easing, restrictions are being lifted, and the demand for seating buses continues to warm. Companies, as leaders of the bus industry, are benefiting first from the recovery of the market, and companies are making investment proposals: companies are global leaders in the bus industry, and as the impact of the epidemic fades, buses are becoming more common.
After four years of decline, industry is expected to recover, and companies are expected to continue to benefit in the future as the industry recovers, the effects of the epidemic are phased out and demand from abroad recovers, while the new energy business will be worth $1.162 billion, with a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report