Quarterly improvements in the performance of alternative car and car parts over the bottom, industry recovery is on track: company forecasts of 2020 performance are expected to result in a net return of profits to the parent by 2020
Disadvantages have been lifted, and performance has improved seasonally. Prior-period disadvantages affecting corporate sales and performance have been lifted, with the expected return to the parent net profit of $250-45 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020, at an undesired rate, but the trend towards quarterly improvements has not changed.
The reason for this is the limited movement of people across the country and the curtailment of the demand for national tourism consumption, which has led to a significant drop in passenger traffic, a decrease in the demand for passenger vehicles in the market and an increase in competition in the industry, as well as the disruption of corporate export operations, both within and outside the company, as a result of the outbreak's control.
The bus industry is expected to recover after a year of deep construction. In 2020, the company sold 42,000 vehicles in aggregate, down by about 29% from the previous year. Meanwhile, the bus industry, after four years of restructuring, is continuously relieving its demand, and public transport needs are being reduced.
Woo-tung bus (600066). "Overseas and low-loading loads drag short and continue to warm, thus driving the demand for passenger cars to a better level. At the same time, as domestic and foreign outbreaks are sold, deep recovery can take place -- 2021/01/05.
It is hoped that this year will continue to improve, and the bus industry is expected to move out of the bottom to start recovery. The public bus (600066), the world’s premier, has been returning to normal demand for many months, orders are coming back.
It is clear that the recovery trend in the industry is becoming clearer. New energy opportunities abroad are enormous, and intelligent mobility can grow in the future.
In the first place, the new energy bus industry has been gaining market recognition. The company’s new energy sales in the first quarter of the fourth quarter have been increasing, with the new energy bus sales having been more than half as high as in December 2020, and the next two years will be the last two years of a new energy bus subsidy, with the expectation that new energy bus needs will be released.
Outside, the demand for new overseas energy buses has just begun, is in the window, has a larger development space, Woo-tung has pre-positioned the new overseas energy market, and the share of new energy sales by the help company has increased further. As the overseas epidemic has gradually improved, overseas demand and orders have begun to grow.
The Qatar World Cup’s brand-new order also opened the scene of demand recovery abroad. At the same time, the industry continues to promote public transport intelligence, and companies, as pioneers of domestic intelligent public transport, have the wisdom to travel in a holistic way that has the capacity to deliver the country as a whole, enabling it to grow in the future.
Investment proposals: The company is the global leader in the bus industry, subject to a number of disadvantages, with deep performance in 2020, and the simultaneous four-year downturn in the bus industry expected to recover from warmth, with no prospect of continued benefits as the industry warms and recovery of overseas demand, while public transport is intelligent.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report