The epidemic has repeatedly affected short-term demand, the depth of the industry and the recovery period.
In line with the country's current epidemiological policy and overall approach, cross-regional mobility, such as the return of people to their homes during this spring, has been relatively low compared to previous years, putting some pressure on pre-season passenger traffic.
The epidemic rebounded and affected the delivery of some orders, which also led companies to sell less in January than last year’s low-season demand ring and to keep the logic of the long-term development of new energy sources.
The surplus, which represents about 30 per cent of total sales in January, was slightly lower than in the same period last year, with 1119 units of total equity/flow (millions of shares), a decrease of 18.5 per cent compared to the previous year; 587 units of light passenger, an increase of 54.07 per cent compared to the previous year, and light passenger sales.
It is hoped that the new energy bus business will be released, and will remain an important engine for the company’s future development.
The Woo-tung bus (600066), which is a short-term adjustment for overseas and weak uniforms, has accumulated 42,000 vehicles in the year 2020, down by about 29%, and has been built down deep throughout the year. The current disadvantages affecting industry demand are being removed, as the epidemic progresses.
Woo-tung bus (600066) The world’s top priority is the easing of passenger traffic, the gradual lifting of restrictions, and the constant trend towards continued warming of the market for seats.
The next two years will be the last two years of a new energy vehicle subsidy, and the demand for new energy buses is expected to be released, overseas demand and orders are beginning to recover, and the bus industry is expected to step out of the bottom and start recovering. As the company leads the bus industry, a sustained recovery is within reach.
Investment proposals: The company is the global leader in the bus industry, and the bus industry is expected to recover from four years of decline, and the company is expected to continue to benefit in the future as the industry recovers, the impact of the epidemic is phased out, and demand from the sea recovers, while public transport intelligence will provide a new engine of growth.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report