Options for consumption of automobiles and auto parts 3 years of solid confidence in performance, equity incentives long-term development Events: Company ' s 2021 Restricted Stock Incentives (draft), restrictions to be granted
The total number of incentives involved is 555 and the award price is $6.99. Deeply tied employee benefits and equity incentives for growth. 51.15 million shares of restricted shares are to be awarded in this draft equity incentive plan, representing the total equity of the company at the time of the announcement of the plan.
The total number of incentives involved is 555 persons, including directors, senior managers, key managers, core technicians, business cadres, etc. After the plan, three to four years later, the proportion of sales released for each release period is one-third.
The total stock/flow (millions of shares) is three years of performance, and confidence is firmly developed. Equity incentives for performance are considered to be a net gain for 2020.
On the basis of this, assuming that the parent ' s net profit in the year 2020 is around $500 million in the median performance forecast, the public bus (600066), the recurrent impact of the epidemic will require a growth rate of no less than 315% per year, or a net profit of 2,075 million yuan.
The Yutong bus (600066), which is changing season by season over bottom performance, and its recovery and growth over the next three years, also underscore the firm's confidence in the future of industrial recovery and the continuing development of the public administration.
The Utun bus (600066) has been in business for four years. The passenger car industry has been in business since 2017.
At the end of the year, the adverse factors affecting industry demand are being removed, restrictions are being lifted as the epidemic subsides, and demand for seating buses continues to warm. In the next two years, new energy vehicles will be subsidized for the last two years, as will the need for new energy buses.
Looking to concentration to release, overseas demand and orders have begun to recover, and the bus industry is expected to move gradually out of the bottom to kick-start recovery. As a leader in the bus industry, the company has a strong market advantage and is expected to continue to benefit from the recovery.
Investment proposals: The company is the global leader in the bus industry, and the bus industry is expected to recover from four years of decline, and the company is expected to continue to benefit in the future as the industry recovers, the impact of the epidemic is phased out, and demand from the sea recovers, while public transport intelligence will provide a new engine of growth.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report