On November 8, 2024, Maotai, Guizhou issued the 2024 Medium-Term Profit Distribution Program.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn has issued a medium-term bonus scheme to boost investors’ earnings.
The cash dividend of $30.01 billion (including taxes), which is to be implemented after the current profit distribution programme is submitted to the General Shareholders ' Assembly of the Department of Public Administration for its consideration.
The total annual cash dividend distributed by the company in 2024-2026 is no less than 75% of the net profit achieved by the parent in the same year, with the annual cash share split twice a year (annual and medium-term). In addition, based on the price of alcohol today, 24 years of flying (old)/24 years
The daily (distribution) price was $2335/2255, and the price of the batch had recovered, mainly because some provincial distributors had suspended their supply to wholesale markets and electricity suppliers, thereby helping to restore stability and confidence in the channel.
At present, the Maotai Group is pursuing a “one game, one heart” strategy, with the joint stock company after 1 and the Guizhou Maotai (600519): performance continues to lead and innovation continues. We expect the company to be 2024-
3: "Kotai, Guizhou (60519): q2 Performance q2 Downside Risks, Unexpected Growth of Production, Unexpected Growth of Camps, Stifleral Resilience " 2024-08-08;
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
It reflects my research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.