The third quarter of 2024 saw a steady growth of 24q3 and a slower growth of the series. Sub-products show that the income from the past three quarters was equal to +16.3 per cent, while the income from the 24q3 series was equal to +15.9 per cent, compared to 13.1 per cent and collected in the previous three quarters.
Liu Lei-jin has been growing steadily since the same year +24.4%, and the growth in the last three seasons has been accompanied by a price increase last year. In view of the trend in the price of the batches, the low price now requires careful regulation of short-term supply and demand.
Given the four-quarter price base rises, we expect a deceleration in the income growth rate of the q3 series in the fourth quarter. We analyze the q3 series as a result of the steady decline in the price of the q3 series, which stopped at q3 and affected the revenue of the series; q4 will either continue to grow faster or will need to continue to expand its sales network.
q3 wholesale agency revenues were higher than +9.7 per cent and +21 per cent in the previous three seasons. q3 direct sales channel revenues eliminated the impact of last year’s flying price increases, and we estimate that there has been no significant increase in sales of q3 wholesale agency revenues.
The company adjusts the short-term delivery pace to reduce the downward pressure on the price. Direct distribution channels take on more incremental tasks, i. Mautai sales are in a smoother phase, with more increases coming from the down-the-line and group buying channels. Net interest rates continue a small downward trend. q3 khats go back to their mothers ' net rate of 47.7%, the same ratio-0.99pt, delayed.
A slight downward trend continued in the first half of the year, mainly due to a slight increase in taxes and surcharges and sales rates. We expect the whole investment proposal: the company as a whole remains robust in growth. But the q3 breakdown shows the company’s relative depth of 300 per cent.
A more careful balance between the volume of major products and the distribution of growth tasks across different channels and among different products reflects the weak supply and demand of the market. We believe that companies will remain committed to meeting this year’s goals, but we will draw down the firm’s mounds and maintain a “recommended” rating.
1. [Galaxy Eating] Company evaluates the growth of performance of the company in Guizhou. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.