We're going to continue to strengthen consumer contact and transformation, and we're going to be very clear about internationalization, and we're going to be doing research, and we're going to be quick with the company, and we're going to be doing food drinks, and we're going to be able to do it.
Investment rating: better than the big market (maintenance)
Five bills, such as the RPP on the Repurchase of Companies ' Equity through Central Competitive Trading, and on market concerns with investors, we believe that companies value quality and brand, have a stronger sense of crisis, and are proactive in addressing short-term supply and demand matching. Faced with changes in the structure of the consumer sector, companies increase consumer penetration through 10 major channels (four self-employment systems plus six social distribution systems), while at the same time focusing on product function prices.
In the long run, companies are increasingly strengthening consumer growth in domestic markets, with adequate growth tools; internationalizing thinking shifts from “product exports” to “brands out of the sea” or gradually contributing to increased performance. We believe that the firm’s growth base is strong, maintaining income and profitability projections, and that the company’s growth is a factor in the growth of the economy.
To strengthen consumer-level contact and transformation, companies have the ability to regulate supply and demand relationships. Companies believe that the basic attributes and fundamentals of the khat are not changed, that the current cycle is faced with supply and demand matching problems, and that companies will mobilize channels and synergies to increase consumer demand, transform customers, and deliver services.
(b) Promotion of private sector flows, resulting in four self-employment systems (self-employed companies, i-potards, large customers, private domain) plus six social distribution systems (distributors, supermarkets, department stores, catering, tobacco, power suppliers);
Since the third quarter of 2024, companies have been actively pursuing these combinations of boxing initiatives, such as the opening of an i-pot full-blown requisition.
As China’s high-end white wine representative, Guozhou has the best global branding and popular base, and the idea of internationalization has shifted from “product exports” to “products out of the sea” and has actively built an internationalized company with an internationalized vision and value-creation capability. The product matrix is based on a “t”-shaped structure, with 53 degrees and 43 degrees of mahogany, with horizontal additions to high-value-added products, and a series of wines dominated by the Prince Maotai, drawing on the experience of alcohol from overseas.
With a strong sense of crisis, companies have taken the initiative to embrace new changes in the stock of industries, changes in industrial and demographic structures have led to diversified and self-friendly scenarios and demands, and more consumer behaviour.
Rationalism, the pursuit of quality pricing, and these changes pose more challenges to the white wine industry and companies. We believe that companies have a stronger sense of crisis: 1) At the customer level, at the mid-year marketing conference, companies proposed a transition to “new business”, and this meeting further proposed opening up private-area channels for high-quality manufacturing, service enterprises and seeking new amounts. 2) At the product level, they offer emotional value to consumers, and product development insists on China.
Traditional cultural elements remain the same, with a modest increase in greening and digitization. 3) Values are consistent, companies value quality, refuse to sell different products, guarantee the market independence and scarcity of supply for each product, and enhance the “trader” capacity of business teams and distributors to proactively address the needs of consumers.
Macroeconomic growth continued to slow, business scene consumption decreased, food safety issues, etc. The author assured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, was independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; and the author had not studied it in the past, now or in the future.