Performance rating for the first three quarters of 2024: steady achievement of targets, optimized alignment of prices
▪ Events: company announcement of operating income for the first three quarters of 2024, net return to the mother, 1207.8, direct sales of wine under the Mautai Line accelerated, and the price of bottle series 1935 was slightly regulated. 24q3 alcohol revenues grew by 15.8% on a year-on-year basis, making steady progress around the 15% growth target. 1)
(b) The direct distribution line is dominated by a flat ratio of q3 non-tagged parchment. The increase is mainly due to the fact that:
100ml contribution; direct-market lines are increasing by 48.5 per cent, and the share of total revenue in this sector is expected to be predominantly the contribution of kowtow wine. 2) 24q3 series revenue is increased by 13.1 per cent, and the rate of increase is reduced by 1 i-pot drop on the 1935 adjustment line, 2 on the 24h1 faster growth base, and the company has properly controlled the goods in July-August to stabilize price plate fluctuations.
It is expected that the annual mission will continue to be successfully accomplished by means of cost-investment policies, open-sourcers, etc.                                                                                        ,
2) Cost rate: 24q3 BD sales rate equal to +0.4 pct, keeping up the upward trend, predominantly low-priced and 1935 increases in marketing. q3 management rates (including R & D) are the same as -0.6 pct, with expenditures maintained close to the same level during the year.
Level; financial rate equal to +0.7 pct, mainly due to lower interest rates, resulting in reduced interest income. 3) Businesses " Guozhou Mae " (600519): Repurchases demonstrate attitude, create structures that are better able to carry credit prices, and promote transformation to increase demand. Since 24o3, this has been achieved better.
The company's thinking is clear: one is the optimal structure of the channel, the high price of the product is more inclined towards the lower line, with the aim of increasing the quality of the customer by mobilizing end-of-pipe resources.
Demand-for-digging; 2 is a product with clear product lines, and the General Maintenance Controls are placed at the main price-fixing axis: 2024h1 performance points, while more products are carried by raw spectrometers, fine products, kilos, small pows, and so on.
Burden-added contribution; 3 is a sustained push to internationalize the market, with 2403 companies selling overseas with the same rating: to raise credit for shareholder returns, to transfer channels to help create profit forecasts and investment ratings: we believe that the company will be able to secure the completion of the year-round business plan in 2024.
In 2025, in a context of macro-stability and weak channel confidence, the business plan splits the irrational response of the speed of rationality. Figure 1: Net profit growth contribution of mothers in the first three quarters of 2024
Figure 2: Splitting the net profit growth contribution of the mother in the single third quarter of 2024 Three financial forecasting tables in Maotai, Guizhou.