Congress of Dealers 2025: Reconciling Transition Development, Deepening the City 29 December 2024
• Events: The company convened the 2025 Sorority Congress, which analysed the current situation with precision, followed up on the organization of work in the areas of product adjustment, channel change, service transformation, and demonstrated the firm's rigorous and pragmatic work under the "Three Transformations" "Four Focuses"
In 2024, the company was flexible about marketing policy, and strengthened the class against the front-line market.
Regular follow-up on the work has been timely and robust in addressing the challenges of abnormal price volatility and cold demand at super-high ends. At the same time, companies have concluded that there is still a market value for the market share of the market (millions) in the face of low-cost consumption, socialization, and investment attributes.
I. Inadequate quantitative analysis, high-value-added product promotion and digital empowerment and “breakdown of Bureau 1,920,688.75”, focusing on four areas in 2025: 1 enhanced market analysis
In the past, the market was introduced as a breakthrough to adjust to changing market demand, and the costs of the Mautai Liquor market activity were estimated at $675 million, an increase of 83 per cent over the same period; the cost of the soy sauce market was 1.5 billion over the same year, an increase of 50 per cent over the same period.
It is expected that the distribution quotas for distributors will be adjusted accordingly, based on a sales quality test. 4 aims to meet consumer demand and improve consumer satisfaction. For the long term, Mao-Tai has proposed to be refined around “consortium transformation, scene transformation, service transformation”
Products, loaders, excellent services that provide consumers with better functional, empirical and emotional "triple values".1 In terms of products, not only do they further improve the quality of the product, the quality of the product, the explicit expression of the idiosyncratic core, but they also improve the system of product protection against perjury and the teaching of the product.
2 With regard to carriers, emphasis is placed on building end-of-pipe platforms, including brand image shops, cultural and cultural study halls, specialty shops (smart door shops), and business super-ports 4 to create a high-quality consumption experience.
In the area of services, both the standards of excellence and the system of evaluation are to be optimized. Improvements are to be made, the supply of and demand for a match is to be made, and the product is to be put together, the channel is to be delivered, and marketing control is to be made more market-oriented.
"Satisfactory Supply and Demand" will match the channel structure more closely: 1 is a super-high-end Jane.
Business tilts. 2 is a multi-speculus fly-by product that serves the opening of a bottle, with premium values such as raws, fines, etc., rated: the target is steadily met, optimized. The increase is mainly in multi-species fly-days (e.g., 1l, 750ml, 700ml, etc.) of the opening of a service.
Of these, 1,500 ml fly: projected drops are almost even, but channels are optimized with a view to reasonably matching the resource advantages acquired by distribution channels in the Business Group.
Three non-coded, creative products: the aim of which is to create sku, optimize the direct sub-line, raise the price, raise the price, raise the price, raise the price, and add 750 ml specification to the catering channel and 700 ml to the international market.
Quotas are concentrated on high-quality businesses (regional operations for valuables, and precision-infused distribution in the past) in order to provide better price support. The series of wines builds a single two-wing branding matrix, focusing on three billion businesses.
The objectives were successfully accomplished in 2024, and in 2025 market work will be organized around “Strength brands, tree monoliths, aid channels, foundations, services”, with a focus on the “One Wing” Super Monument Matrix, with a focus on huts 1935, the Prince of Maotai wine, and the "Thirty Billions" of Chinese Assassin.
The Ministry of Industry, which operates on a separate basis, increases market inputs and strengthens the market base. 1 hut. 1935: The exchange price will be re-set at $500-800, a new product will be developed, a new product will be distributed, new and old products will be distributed, and 1935ml, 375ml specifications and the sealing business will be added to expand the elimination of more.
Two Princes' Wine: positioning 200-500 yuan in public prices, planning to become 10 billion singles over the next two years, is expected to be large-scale by strengthening the terminal, expanding channels, and strengthening the feasts, opening bottles, etc.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: 2024, with flexibility to adjust marketing policies and continuously optimize product typologies, is a strong guarantee that business plans will be successfully completed throughout the year.
View, under the main theme of “Back-in-the-mode, for-go, for-right innovation, fortitude, fortitude, integration, synergy” the product, resource, channel matching, and better integration of price balance.
In addition to the rest of the world, drinking, gathering, etc.) and service upgrades (to reach the private sphere and provide custom-made clothing, etc.) are better able to tap demand and lead the white wine industry to a new dynamic. Consider the irrational reaction of public speed, etc.
Three major financial forecasting tables in Maotai, Guizhou. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.