On October 25th, 2024, the tri-quarterly newspaper of Yutai, Guizhou, was released.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn: double-digit growth in performance, as expected.
By product, 2024q1-3 maw/saloons received $325.59/6246 million, corresponding to 2, " Guozhou Mautai (600519), q2 performances, respectively
2024q3 “i huts” earned $4.516 billion, corresponding to 18.37 per cent of the year, representing 24.73 per cent of the year's value of direct sales, while direct sales channels continued to increase by double digits,3 “uzhou huts” (600519): Quality No.
At present, the Maotai Group pursues a “one game, one heart” strategy, with the stock company continuing to lead the plate, and the innovation business continuing. According to the three-quarterly report, we adjust the downside risks, the output growth, and the growth of the economy.
• Sun Shan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of study in the food and beverage industry, Hong Kong Chinese University, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.