Performance traps provide security for equity incentives, and the development of cross-cutting development prospects.
The Cullen Pharmacy Industry (002422), which published its annual report for 2016, realized operating income of 8,566 million yuan in 2016, an increase of 10.34 per cent over the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 585 million yuan, a decrease of 9.40 per cent over the same period. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 538 million yuan net of non-recurring gains and losses.
The board of directors of the company considered the profit distribution plan, and found a gold dividend of $1.39 (including taxes) for every 10 shares of all shareholders.1 The income end is going well on a quarterly basis, with the establishment of a lost and lost point in Kawaning, where the company earns $8,566 million a year, an increase of 10.34 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $585 million for the mother, a decrease of 9.40 per cent, and a slightly lower than expected performance of q4.
In terms of net profits, the net profit of the company was $624 million, or 15.2 per cent more than in the previous year, the performance of the unincorporated subsidiary increased and the earnings of a few shareholders increased significantly ($3,968.6 million vs-103 million), resulting in an increase in net profits but a decrease of 9.40 per cent in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company compared to the same period in the previous year. On the other hand, the net profit of the company ' s R & D was increased by $113 million, which was also higher than the net profit.
A major impact, if R & D costs were to remain the same as last year, would be more than 8% higher in corporate performance. Net cash flows from corporate operations, $1.725 billion, an increase of 39.21% over the previous year, are evidence of business continuity.
From the point of view of the sub-product line, the company earns $4.36 billion (+0.27 per cent) in general infusion, 1.65 billion (+4.31 per cent) in nutritional treatment, and the non-infusion plate is the result of the constant restructuring of the infusion plate, the replacement of flexible bags with plastic bottles, high-end replacements with low-mäori, high-end replacements with low-mäori, the ratio of nutritional treatment with non-infusion plate: the sales of plastic water needles increased by 23.37 per cent over the same period, and sales of Tiansu-Hin (rehabilitation new fluids) sold over a million yuan in sales increased by 12.43 per cent.
32.30 per cent increase in sales revenue for the Paolote (Acetic Acid) financial indicators: 14.64 per cent for corporate sales, an increase of 1.4 pp from 13.24 per cent in the same period last year; 14.62 per cent for management, an increase of 0.95 pp from 13.67 per cent in the same period last year, with good cost control in addition to R&D.
Looking forward to 2017, we believe that the company’s performance is now at a turning point. The company’s Tunning project’s environmental problems are now completely resolved and is beginning to make a profit: sulfur is now fully produced, and the head sorghum is not yet productive, with the cost going up.
The core competitiveness of Trunchin lies in the price differential of raw materials, the largest fermenting tanks in the world, environmental advantages, and especially environmental advantages. The core competitiveness of the Trunchin project, which continues to be profitable, is the steady high output of the Colon process; cost reduction measures are being implemented; and the country’s environmental protection is becoming more stringent.
Double-room bags (the first to be approved for listing as a supplement to aquamine) are expected to contribute elasticity, and Libavelin plastic pins, chlorine sodium plastic needles, vb6 plastic pins will also be maintained at a higher rate of increase and generate a certain income elasticity. Double-room bags will be purchased directly on the Internet, with up-to-date speed, and the formulation plate will grow at a high rate. Rehabilitate new fluids and Ace-Si-Plan will maintain a high rate of growth through market traction and academic promotion.
New products maintain the core of the current growth in performance: 2, 3 drivers of R & D are moving to fast lanes, with a lot of cross-cutting development perspectives.
Clinical (table 1) There are 36 pending productions (table 2), of which Sodium Parry Schebbles is in priority for review. There has been a dramatic change in the New Year at the Collen Institute, led by President Wang. Collen has also mobilized all sources of high-quality domestic and foreign resources, with the Chengdu Central Institute at its core, with the Sioux, Tianjin and the New Jersey and Santiago State Institutes in the United States as two-wing R & D organizations.
In the lead-up to the development of high-quality generics and building blocks, 250 projects have been developed covering a number of domestic high-prevalence and high-lethal diseases, such as tumours and assistive drugs, bacterial infections, intestinal nutrients, cardiovascular, neuropsychiatrics, diabetes, and anaesthesia. With the sequence of subsequent approved products, the counterfeiting of pharmaceuticals will greatly improve corporate performance and profitability.
And at the same time, the systemic layout of the new medicine opens up the future. The source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom, the source of the future.
In addition to the counterfeits mentioned above, the biggest focus of Collon is on innovating small molecules, biotechnological drugs and ndds (newdugdelivers systym), while companies actively export preparations.
In the case of small, innovative molecules, the first autonomous anti-cancer drug developed during the reporting period, kl070002, was declared clinically landmark. Kl070002, a chemical anti-cancer drug (oral) developed entirely by my company. It has a wide anti-magnosis spectrum and has a clear effect on a variety of physical tumours such as pancreatic cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, ovarian cancer, stomach cancer, rectum cancer, prostate cancer, bladder cancer, liver cancer, etc.
In the second half of 2016, Colon’s anti-egfr single anti-injection fluid entered the clinic; and, by the end of 2016, the group of anti-vegfr2 mono-record anti-retroviral fluids from high-surgent stomach cancers in China achieved the first declared clinical treatment in the country.
With regard to the Ndds, the source of financial growth in the East, 16 Ndds drug studies have been initiated around the treatment of the efficiency and target of classic chemotherapy drugs, and the slow, controlled and long-acting formulations of excellent diabetes mellitus and mental illness drugs.
Completion of 3 ind declarations (dositate protein nanoparticles, Alecone long-acting microcrystals, Ilyotyl hydrochloride) of which 2 are the first or the first to be declared in the country.
According to the company's annual report, nearly 10 sterile injections have been set up, and 2 have entered the production transfer phase of cmo.3 The repurchase of shares plus incentives to contribute to long-term development accounted for 0.52 per cent of the company's total share capital of $144,000 at the time of the draft incentive announcement. The total number of incentives was 312, including the company announcement.
Senior managers of companies, middle-level managers and core technical (business) personnel who worked in companies or subsidiaries at the time of the incentive plan (304 yuan (by rounding to retain two decimals). The two tests were based on net profits in 2016 (585 million net proceeds to the mother, less than 5 million shares) and used as equity incentive schemes, mainly to motivate the members of the antibiotic plate.
We've got long-term incentives. The company's long-term prospects are high.
Incentives guarantee performance. We expect a net return profit of 676 million yuan, 858 million yuan and 1,080 million yuan for the years 2017-2019, corresponding to the source of financial prosperity in the East and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Zhang Jinyan Team Leader, 3 years of portfolio research experience and 3 years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Seventh team member, Nuclear Heart, New Wealth, 2015 and third core team member, Crystal ball, 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Economics, Beijing University
B.A., and K.I.A., three years of school. Formerly employed in China’s Galaxy Securities Company, China’s Civil Security Company, and Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals, Hu Yong Bei, focused on investment opportunities such as chemicals, innovative industrial chains, precision medicine, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.