The growth of 1h25 battalion is 22 per cent; data centre operations are multiplying compared to the previous year; recovery is taking place; new energy vehicles, data centres, industrial equipment operations are growing at a high rate.
Some of the prices of the products were the main reason for the same decline in the company’s Māori rate in the first half of the year. No one, deep water, etc., made a breakthrough; data centre operations doubled.
YOON CHOW 1) Electric connectors and integrated interconnection components: $8.60 billion, yoy+20.9%; Māori rate down from 7.70 ppt to 33.2%; 2) Light connectors and other optical devices and photovoltaic equipment: $1.62 billion.
Youy+22.4 per cent; Māori rate drops by 2.94 ppt to 18.1 per cent on the same year; for subsidiaries, 1) Shen Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing : Participation in new and emerging areas such as no one, deep water, star arrows, and many products have made breakthroughs. 2) High-end civilian manufacturing:
1. China Air Photovoltaics (002179.sz) 2024: High-speed growth of more than 50 per cent of the company ' s new energy automobile business, with full coverage of the country ' s mainstream vehicle industry, high-quality and steady growth by 2024; future industry development
(c) Communications network area: companies have significantly expanded their new satellite communications operations. 4) Data centre area: companies provide a package of solutions covering power sources, fibre optics, high speeds and liquid cooling, with a doubling of the scale of operations on a year-on-year basis.
Cost rates are maintained at a lower level; repayments are not as high as expected to affect cash flow. 1h25, company period costs \triangleright recovery - 2024/10/30
Assessment: 2q24 Performance Rings improved; Basic Equipment Industries Gardens invested: 1q24 Net Profit Rings grew by 69%; High Quantity Billion. Corporate repayments in the first half of the year fell short of expectations, affecting net cash flows from operating activities.
A 23 per cent increase in profits over 3 years; Strategic and Emerging Industries Building “Investment Recommendation: Companies as National Special Connectors, Deep Farm Connectors for more than 50 years, Working on a Second Growth Curve”-2024/03/16
So we became a “global top-notch interconnection program provider.” We expect the company to return to its motherhood in 2025-2027 at 26x/24x/22x. We maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s leading position in the field of defence and the positive layout of new war industries such as civilian aircraft and low air.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.