China PV 002179, F-FDTL, active deployment of new and emerging areas, breakthroughs in a number of products.
During the reporting period, companies continued to consolidate their preferred supplier status in the field of defence, participating fully in new and emerging areas such as no one, deep water, star arrows, and many products have broken through their operations, and the advantages of professional interconnectivity have become more evident.
The new energy vehicle sector anchors the “international first-class, domestic mainstream” core group of guests, grips on motor motorization, intelligent development opportunities, and makes a major effort to deploy the ISN strategic business track, successfully joining the domestic head-to-head core supply chain system, with an accelerated transition from high-pressure interconnection to full-scale connectivity.
The high rate of growth in the automobile business, which was more than 50 per cent above the same rate, was higher than the increase in the volume of new-energy automobile sales during the same period, with the full coverage of the country's current mainstream vehicle fleet and the widespread penetration of the market hot-market model, further consolidating the dominance of the industry's head suppliers; in the area of communications networks, the consolidation of the traditional communications market and the significant expansion of satellite access
New business; data centre area, based on autonomous development trends, following the opportunity of arithmetic development, total equity/flow (billions of units) to accurately capture the evolution of technology, deepen client demand, and build up the niche of liquid, cold, radiant heat products
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) to accelerate the expansion of the power and high-speed product markets and facilitate the expansion of the customer pool and new business breakthroughs, up to 12 months/minimum in yuan
Provision of a package of solutions covering power, fibre optics, high-speed and liquid cold products to customers in the data centre area, with a doubling of the scale of the enabling operations; industrial equipment, with a focus on the development of the flagship clients, with a rapid increase in the size of the operations by catching up with the opportunities for photovoltaic storage, engineering and mechanical electrodynamic development.
Research and development (R & D) investment has continued to grow, and science, technology and innovation (STI) has been very productive. During the reporting period, the company ' s R & D investment amounted to 883 million yuan, an increase of about 6% over the same period. In recent years, the company has built a comprehensive innovation platform around core interconnectivity technologies and has achieved product design and innovation, building on a variety of platforms.
The remaining items, which promote environmentally resistant light transmission, deep water sealing, ultra-power transmission, high power evaporation, and others, lead technology rapid breakthroughs, have received a number of departmental technical awards, many of which have reached international leadership and advanced international standards; the Wang holds or participates in the development of national and international standards of more than 950, and has been granted cumulatively authorized patents.
More than 6000 patents have been authorized abroad, 32 of them have been awarded the 23rd China Patent Award of Excellence and the National Intellectual Property Demonstration Corporation through the gb294990 Code of Corporate Intellectual Property Management. The Department maintains science, technology and innovation-driven efforts to invest in original technology research and development in a sustained and steady manner.
Positive mapping of emerging areas, many product breakthroughs, many product breakthroughs, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report