The policy easing of the domestic recovery cycle, the higher-than-expected share, the higher-globalization logic, the higher-value level, the higher-middle-digger share and the higher-export growth boost will continue to grow in 2019.
In January, 11756 excavators were sold, compared to +10 per cent in January, 27 per cent in the ring, exceeding the record level in January 2011. In January, 3,324 excavators, compared to +49 per cent in January, exceeded 15 per cent in the industry as a whole. In January, 1614 excavators were exported, compared to +42 per cent in the same month, with a slight increase in the rate of increase, which was proportional to the rate of increase.
14 per cent of the rise was significant, and export sales continued to outpace expectations (630 of them in 31 exports, compared with 50 per cent in the same year), while the share of the country ' s product brands continued to rise in January, with 3,324 jobs in the 3rd and 1st jobs in January, 28 per cent in the single month, a strong leader, and a single month ' s rising market share reached an all-time high (2018).
City share was around 22 per cent; after the launch of the h series in July 2018, there was a marked increase in the stock of excavators above 40 tons, with the share of municipalities above 40 tons in January 2019 reaching 44 per cent (the city is expected to double its export share in 2019, which is expected to help).
Three-one excavators are on top of the Korean brand and other brands in the country. As the core of competitiveness, the quality of Tri-One’s services is significantly better than that of other brands.
The industry as a whole has performance and service advantages compared to Korean brands, national brands, and international brands such as Carter. At the same time, the increased concentration of the industry is a trend in the city, where 46% of the current domestic engineering machinecr3 is in the market in 2018.
This is 23%, a significant increase compared to previous years, but the market share of the United States engineering machinery as a leader continues to rise.  Policy continues to stimulate the build-up of demand.
Recent national policies have continued to ease, with new loans and socialization in January reaching an all-time high; the approval of capital projects, represented by transport infrastructure, such as transhipment, has been significantly accelerated. Capital investment is expected to rebound.
Releases, high demand for cranes and concrete machinery are expected to continue into 2020; and, as a result of better performance, social stocks are more thoroughly digested and elasticity is expected to continue to be released.
Modeling and rooting, we expect the concrete and crane industries to grow at the same speed in 2019,  scale effect plus business quality drive the company to significantly increase its profitability, and the track-by-code long engineering week.
3-quarterly combined Māori rate of 31.16 per cent, corresponding ratio + 1.03 pct, net sales interest rate of 12.33 per cent, same ratio + 5.45 pct, see the scale effect of the increase in O1-o3 production capacity utilization and cost control period, leading to a significant increase over the industry scale
Capacity has been significantly strengthened and profitability has grown significantly, and we believe that the company ' s size effect in 2019 will continue with the profit elasticity of 2019-01-10, the quality of which reflects the growth of real demand downstream.
3 Trinity Work (600031): Three Seasons  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We look forward to the expectation that corporate performance will continue to exceed expectations + that the valuation will increase, and the cash flow will improve significantly
Investment opportunities. First, the competitive edge of the entire product line and the concentration of the poles are increasing; second, exports are constantly exceeding expectations and the global layout is perfect; third, industry leaders enjoy valuation premiums, and the logic of globalization begins to materialize and the dividends rise will raise the value of the company. We expect the public to be better off.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board