On the 10th of October 2019, we will continue to outperform the industry.
▪ Total railway investment is expected to remain high at over $800 billion in 2019, and the Central Digger + crane is $792 billion in 2018, higher than planned at the beginning of the year. At the beginning of the year, a national railway investment of $732 billion was planned for 18 years, with the investment expected to rise to $800 billion in August; actual completion is higher than the year.
Taking into account the 2019 National Conference on Transport, which highlighted the need to scale up infrastructure supplements, railways are expected to invest more than $800 billion in 2019.
And for Trinity, the volume of large digs (which may be about 10 times the unit price of small digs) has had a significant impact on the company’s performance elasticity. We judge that the Big Digger and crane are expected to remain high on track in 2019.
The sale of excavators broke 203,000 supermarkets in 2018, artificially replacing the demand for future small excavators 16027 in December 2018, compared to +14 per cent in December 2018, ring + 1 per cent, and sales for the preceding months, while still increasing in absolute terms, have declined.
Domestic market sales (excluding Hong Kong and Australia) were 14269, a year-on-year increase of +12 per cent. Export sales of 1749, a year-on-year increase of +38 per cent, continued to be higher than expected. Excavator exports have been growing at a rate of more than 70 per cent since 2018, and exports are emerging as new growth points. Domestic manufacturers have been deployed overseas for many years, folding up.
The construction needs along the "along line" have a pull effect on the excavator's exports, which are expected in the future, at the bottom of which is a light season for large-scale projects, and only small-scale excavation needs remain high. We judge that, with high labour costs and a shortage of young labour, small digs are used as machines in engineering and machinery.
People, in their role of hydrating water, opening channels, etc., the future rate of penetration and penetration is expected to increase slightly as the housing policy warms + capital approval accelerates the need to pull the 2019 excavator + concrete + crane.
The construction project was accelerated, environmental verification was tightened, the engineering and machinery industry was expected to have a higher-than-expected and cash flow improved significantly, and the cumulative number of new constructions in January-November was +16.8 per cent, compared to the market area in the commercial sector.
Increases (+1.4 per cent) are divided and it can be assumed that developers have taken the initiative to start working fast in order to ease operational pressures, 2, Trinity (600031): three seasons of fast-opening, fast-refunded high liquidity patterns, which also explain the continued high demand downstream for engineering machinery
In the course of real estate work, the excavator is an early-cycle gain, a tower period, a time when the profit recovery is justified.
The machine was a mid-cycle gain and the concrete machinery a post-cycle gain.3 In addition, the Triple 1 Worker (600031) was reported to be in progress. In addition, in January-November 2018, the sale of 29695 car cranes was increased by 61 per cent over the same period, with a higher base figure.
Performance over-expected, profit recovery justified, high growth sustained, cranes and capital real estate highly relevant, and we've judged that since 2019, we've been looking at profitability projections and investment ratings: we've continued to look at Trinity as the leading industry in engineering machinery.
First, the competitive advantage of the entire product line and the rising concentration of the flagship; second, exports, which continue to outpace expectations, with the best global layout; third, the industry flagship valuation premium; and fourth, the operating billion, 7.3 billion, and 8.6 billion, with the equivalent of 11, 9 and 7 times more than each, maintaining the “uptake” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board