The basics of the engineering and machinery industry were strong, and the company's lines of operation went hand in hand: the company issued a public announcement, and the company's board of directors convened on 28 February 2019 to decide on the early foreclosure of the company's debt and the full foreclosure of the registered three-way debt.
As of 28 February 2019, the stock price of the company was 15 days in a row above the value of the stock transfer from the stock transfer to the stock transfer, and all or part of the untransferable debt was redeemed at the price of face plus interest accrued for the current period.
Upon the initiation of a mandatory foreclosure clause for a three-way debt, the creditor will transfer the equity to the target benefit before the final foreclosure. As of 28 February 2019, the balance of the three-for-one debt balance was 2,849 million, assuming that the total foreclosure would add 393 million equity to the company, while the original company's share to the creditor.
The liabilities will be converted into equity interests and the balance sheet will be further enhanced. Grass-roots research shows that the engineering industry is on a strong footing: we have recently conducted grass-roots research on major engineering needs in Guangdong, Hubei, Henan, Anhui, etc.
Total stock/flow (million shares) High demand, especially for excavator sales, continued to increase over the season of last year. Total market value/flow (millions)
Other varieties, such as concrete machinery, crane machinery, stump machinery, etc., have also grown significantly. According to communications with agents, the demand for equipment is now mainly due to infrastructure construction, such as railways, roads, farm water, although some provinces are affected by rain.
Three heavy jobs (600031) are expected to have an impact on the 18-year performance forecast, but the client's enthusiasm to buy equipment remains constant, most clients have firm jobs in their hands.
The sale of 3,324 excavators in the month, an increase of 48.86 per cent in the same year; and 695 car cranes, an increase of 54.44 per cent in the same year, all increasing faster than the industry.
(a) Internationalization strategies to enhance the core competitiveness of enterprises by increasing management efficiency through digitalization;
The basics of the engineering and machinery industry are strong, the company's lines of business go hand in hand with industry research, and it specializes in industrial chain research, especially with regard to industrial automation.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, in production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Pacific Securities Union, in June 2017, was well placed to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which was established in July 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up by joining Pacific securities in July 2017. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in September 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from industrial trends.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report