Three-by-one jobs, three major product markets, three-by-one brands with a significant advantage, and according to industry association data and industry research, three-by-one jobs have gone through the engineering and mechanical industry in the low industry.
The persistence of research and development inputs, as well as extensive research on downstream clients such as excavators, cranes, etc., and the construction of a marketing system embedded in a Tri-cultural culture and a rapid response after-sales service system, will continue to boost the market share of excavators, cranes and concrete machines in 2019 as the industry recovers.
The engineering and machinery industry is still high. According to the China Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association's mechanical mining branch, the excavator industry grew by 10% in January, and the main vehicle cranes were sold.
The same-year growth suggests that engineering and machinery remain high in the industry, mainly due to environmental upgrading, tightening, upgrading, capital regeneration, and rising downstream market capacity. In 2019, the engineering and machinery market was more competitive, but the country’s dominant position was more pronounced.
The situation was not obvious in 2019, when the mainframes such as Trinity, Xu and others were well prepared and the core zero components and the overall production capacity were rising faster, so the competition for market share led to the marketing activity of the mainstream, which was earlier and more intensive than in previous years, competition for the prices of the cranes and cranes, and competition in the market.
More intense than in the previous two years, but leading firms have a better chance to compete with their products, brands and marketing assets, and market patterns are expected to optimize further. The excavator market is monopolized by Trinity, Quixin and Cat, but the share of Quixie and Quixie is still rising.
Xu, Trinity, and China, where the share has risen faster, concrete machines have formed an oligopoly pattern, which will continue to raise the city’s share.
The rate reached 23.1 per cent, an increase of 2.2 percentage points, and the city ' s rate of 28.3 per cent in January 2019 compared to the same period in the previous year, with the 31 1 car crane ' s rate increasing by 2 percentage points in 2018 and will continue to function in 20-ton, 25-ton, 55-ton, 80-ton and 100-ton product spectrums in 2019.
With respect to concrete machinery, the market for tri-pumpers remained at more than 50%, and in 2019 it was also the main target of raising the city’s share. The company’s business indicators were all-line red.
In the best year of business history, a number of major businesses have doubled, turnover, cash flow, per capita output has been at an all-time high, risks, costs and cost rates have been declining, digitization, intelligence, internationalization, and we expect business performance to continue to improve in 2019.
▪ Sustainability of the domestic engineering and machinery industry after May. Based on company forecasts and recent changes in industry fundamentals, we maintain a net profit forecast of 18/19/20 years for Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations