Three heavy jobs (600031) plus performance rating for 2018. Three heavy jobs.
Events: Companies are expected to achieve a higher intensity and continuity of downstream demand by 2018 than expected by issuing an advance announcement of annual performance in 2018.
The sales of concrete machinery, crane machinery, plant machinery, etc., continued to grow strongly, with a record high of more than 200,000 excavators in 2018 and 193891 in 2011. We are concerned about the expected rehabilitation of capital investments, from high-level pronouncements in the second half of the year, to capital improvements.
Quality of assets continues to improve, and performance elasticity can be achieved in 2019. The company’s sales of excavators in 2018 reached a sustained improvement in the quality of assets and performance growth during the reporting period, and cash flows continued to improve.
Quarterly net cash flows from corporate operations reached $8,732 million, ending with a cash balance of $10,721 million, a Māori sales rate of 31.16 per cent, and a net sales interest rate of 12.33 per cent. As the pre-performance burden is phased out, companies will be able to perform for a flexible period in the future if industry needs are sustained.
At the request of the Ministry of Environment, all non-road mobile machines manufactured, imported, and sold should be equipped with diesel machines that meet the country ' s three standards.
According to the ccma excavator branch, 60% of the current stock market for excavators is a three-phase product, a second-phase standard and a first-country product.
Standard products account for 34% and 6%, respectively. The control target requires a national phase IV emission control level by 2020 and alignment with the world’s most advanced emission control levels by 2025, as required by the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Protection, which is a non-road-movement machine driven by a crushing engine (e.g. a diesel engine).
1. Triple One Work (600031): expected repairs to the capital, 2, Triple One Work (600031) Incident Review: Capital Prediction 3, Triple One Work (600031) Incident Review: Business Bar
"Stands down and profits will continue to rise." 4 "Standing through the cycle from the annual paper -- three and a half jobs, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East."
The Chinese People's University School of Economics has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following the new energy auto industry chain and mechanics.
In 2016, he joined the civil securities and in 2017 he joined the East Hing securities.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.