The international energy group, with a global perspective, continues to expand its production capacity. The energy source of the mines depends on the Shandong Energy Group, with coal mining as its main business, and the development of the entire industrial chain takes into account downstream coal production.
In 2004, the overseas coal business was deployed, and now has three major energy bases, the Shandong headquarters, and Australia, to become a two-wing international energy consortium, both domestically and internationally. As of 23 years,
At the bottom of Yutze, the company has a coal production capacity of 231 million tonnes/year. After the company's extended M&A and endogenous growth over the last three years, we expect to add 11.8 million tons of new nuclear power to the coal mine in the Bay (ten million tonnes/year).
In addition, the Shandong Energy Group has a direct capacity of 93 million tons and, based on the “Development Strategy Framework” developed by the Sino-Mino Energy Group, plans to increase coal production to 300 million tons per year over the next 5-10 years. In our view, future Shandong energy sources will increase to 300 million tons in the next 5-10 years.
The group’s direct coal assets are expected to continue to be injected into the company’s capital stock. 12mtha’s share of the price range is concentrated in scarce coal resources overseas, and deep farming has now entered a new phase of quality development for many years.
Indefinite shares a/total share capital Acadino Coal (Canadian Coal International) achieved a total of 3.886 million tons of commercial coal production, representing 29% of the production of the Sino-Mine Energy Group.
As the third largest coal company in Australia, and the largest exclusive coal company in Australia, stocks have been compared to 300 deep carbon producers in the last year.
The Mining and Energy Agency has also been farming in Australia for many years, acquiring high-quality major mines such as Moraben, Mount Walker, and Hunt Valley. In 2012, coal Australia was listed in Australia, and in 2018 it was listed in Hong Kong. In 2023, coal Australia earned $7,783 million in major business income.
AUS$ 1,831 million in net profit from non-recarriage to the mother. Integrated industrial chain development, with coal-plate profits expected to rise. Companies rely on coal for their own coal, coal-based resources to develop coal-plate downwards, multiple complete coal-chemicals like gas, coal liquefied, etc.
The industrial chain, some of which has the highest capacity in the country, has a strong material cost advantage compared to other industries that need to buy coal from abroad. We expect that the company ' s kerosene block profits in 24 years will be repaired, benefiting from improved supply and demand patterns in the industry, and that the coal industry is expected to make a backlash.
The company committed itself to a 23-25 year total cash dividend, net profit net of statutory reserves, and we expect the coal price to remain high for the next 2-3 years, with the company as the largest in the East China region.
The economic downturn has led to a sharp fall in coal prices; lower demand for coal downstream; safe production of coal mines; risk of accidents; and large fluctuations in the prices of coal-chemical products.
Internationalized coal taps 1.1 Active deployment of offshore scarce coal resources, large expanse space, regional coal taps in the east of China, with scarce offshore coal resources.
Founded in 1997 and dominated by mining, high-end industrial and new materials, new energy sources, high-end equipment manufacturing, and intelligent logistics, China is the only country to have a market in Shanghai, Hong Kong, New York and Australia.
The platform’s mega-energy enterprise is one of China’s most internationalized and efficient capital markets. The group’s assets are located in Shandong, Xiaomong, Xinjiang, and Australia, where, by the end of 2023, the company’s coal resources reached 47.1 billion tons.
(jorc standard) in the forefront of the industry, the largest coal producer in the East China region, the domestic powered coal tap industry: eight production wells in Australia with an in situ coal resource of 8.7 billion tons (jorc standard) and a commercial coal production of 38.87 million tons per year, becoming Australia.
In 2020, the Oyster Group and the Shandong Energy Group were reorganized. In 2020, the Oyre Group was merged with the Shandong Energy Group, which was renamed the Shandong Energy Group.
The company, as a continuing entity, consolidates the assets, liabilities, operations, personnel, etc. of the former Shandong Energy Group and the Santung Mining Group. As of July 2024, the Shandong Energy Group held 43.78% of the company’s shares directly, and the Shandong State Finance Committee is the actual controller of the company.
The coal industry is mainly located in Shandong Province, Shaanxi Province, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, and Xinjiang Uighur Autonomy.
Region and Australia: The products consist mainly of power coal, blow-up coal, and coke, and are applied to the power, metallurgical and chemical industries: the products are mainly sold to China, China, South China, China, North China, North West, Japan, South Korea, Australia, Thailand, etc.
The coal industry is mainly located in Shandong Province, Shaanxi Province, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region of China: products include methanol, acetic acid, acetic acid, ethylene acetate, perineamide, paracetal oil, coarse liquid wax, etc.: products are mainly sold to China.
For the Māori sector as a whole, the ratio of Māori to coal operations has remained at over 80 per cent per year, while in 2023, the company ' s coal business, which was 52.7 billion yuan (86 per cent), was the dominant company.
The company owns several complete coal-chemical industrial chains, such as gasification, coal liquefied, and the country’s first million-ton-class demonstration device for indirect liquefied coal, with acetic acid producing capacity among the highest in the country. According to the company’s plans, the future will extend to the present in the direction of high-end green low-carbon development.
Industrial chains, building new chemical research and development bases; chemical products produce more than 20 million tons per year, of which chemical new materials and high-end chemicals account for more than 70%. Millions of tons of coal-grade resources are in the forefront of the industry. As of 2023
At the end of the day, the company supplied 6,158 million tonnes (under the jorc standard) of which 4,588 million tonnes were available (including Xinjiang energy, Rusi mining) and 1.570 billion tonnes offshore: Shandong headquarters (coal mine belonging to the company, surveillance energy, Rusi mining)
552 million tons, or 9 per cent; 2,688 million tons, or 44 per cent, in the Shinjong region (Skyung Energy, Ordos Energy, Inner Mongolia Mining, Wu Sein Coal, Future Energy); 1,349 million tons, or 22 per cent, in the Xinjiang region; and overseas bases
By the end of 2023, the company had two pairs of mines under construction, with 11.8 million Shandong Energy Group coal resources expected to be injected. By the end of 2022, Shandong Energy was the source of energy.
The group owns a total of 90,872 million tons of coal resources with an authorized capacity of 324 million tons per year, of which 73,122 million tons are available for publicly listed companies, 12,369 million tons are available and 231 million tons per year are authorized (Helussi Mines,
Xinjiang Energy Data. The Shandong Energy Group still owns 10,000 tons of energy in addition to listed companies. We believe that the Zatoe Energy Group, a listed company belonging to the Shandong Energy Group, collects most of its high-quality coal resources, in accordance with the War on Development, designated in 2021 for this energy.
The Outline provides companies with access to high-quality coal resources by means of both implicit and expansive growth, so that future coal assets belonging to Shandong Energy Group are expected to continue to grow at a steady rate of 1.4 coal production, with scarce resources overseas providing high performance elasticity.
In 2023, the company produced 130 million tons of coal, which is more than double the 2016 figure of 60 million tons. In 2023, the company succeeded in making mining and Xinjiang operational, and as a result, the company produced coal.
The Company's Development Strategy Framework, which plans to put coal in the next 5-10 years, in terms of millions of tons of coal production, we believe that the company's coal production will still be higher than one overseas coal resource in the next few years, with a more market-oriented pricing mechanism.
Foreign-commodity coal production is 38.865 million tons (Academia+Mine International), which accounts for 29% of the company’s total output. Companies selling coal overseas are generally priced on various price indices or annual fixed prices, and in general, different grey sub-products are referred to the Newcastle index and the Newcastle index, respectively.
Api5 Power Coal Index pricing, with annual fixed prices based mainly on base prices for power plants in Japan, is relatively high and marketed. Corporate overseas coal sales are free of price-limiting policies and perform with high elasticity.
Since then, coal prices have risen considerably globally. On 30 April 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on further improvement of the coal market price formation mechanism, regulating domestic coal prices and scrutinizing coal price increases.
Price policy only targets domestic coal, and corporate sales of overseas coal will not be affected. We believe that because companies have offshore coal resources, companies will show up at the global coal price escalation stage, figure 7: Domestic and international coal price trends
1.5 Cash flows are stable, high dividends highlight value, companies are stable, and cash flows are abundant. Over the last 10 years, there has been a significant increase in the middle of corporate cash flows, with corporate cash flows in 2021 and 2022.
By comparison with other listed companies in the coal industry, the "roe" indicator is at the top of the scale and has been in 2016.
Since then, there has been an overall upward trend: in 2023, the roe was 27.70% higher than in China’s Shunhua, Xiaoxi Coal, Shanxi Coal, Xiao Quanen, and was the first company to be comparable. Since 2019, the company has maintained a high share of red. In 2019, the company’s share-rate rate was high.
About 60 per cent of net profit after deducting statutory reserves, and no less than 2 kilos of cash equity in Australia: the Group ' s important and scarce overseas coal assets 2.1 years of deep farming in Australia, opening up a new phase of overseas development
Founded in 2004, Australasia first acquired a wellworked coal mine in the New South Wales (nsw) hunter's valley area, and subsequently established a company through a strategic acquisition, becoming one of Australia's most innovative coal exploration companies.
Coal Australia successfully acquired Felix Resources, gained a leading industry molararben, and became a major participant and employer in the coal industry in New South Wales.
Charcoal has been strategically merged, listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and has become one of Australia's largest listed exclusive coal producers, and is currently in three states (New South Wales, Queensland, Western Australia).
Lia) operates or manages coal mines, with major coal terminals in New South Wales and Queensland having equity or power quotas.
(rmb), which accounts for 25 per cent of the gross revenue from the mining energy, realizes a net profit of $8,819 million, contributing about $5,491 million in equity relative to the net return profit from the mining energy. 2.2 Australia: important coal exporters
Australia has the third largest coal reserve in the world, accounting for about 14.3% of total global reserves, after the United States (21.7%) and Russia (15.4%). According to the United States Energy Information Agency, as of December 2021, coal reserves had been identified at $15.3 billion.
According to the Australian Government Network of Officials report, in 2021, the economic model of black coal (edr) was 89,012 million tonnes (mt) and the economic model of lignite was 81,234mt.
The source is estimated at 162,279 mt, of which edr is 75,433 mt. Australia is the fourth largest economic black coal resource in the world, after the United States, China and India. The total detectable source of lignite is estimated at 436,652 mt, of which edr is edr.
74.039mt. Globally, Australia ranks second only to Russia in the volume of economic lignite resources, and most of Australia ' s black coal reserves are located in Queensland and New South Wales.
Western Australia, South Australia, and Tasmania. Black coal products have two main types: smelting coal and power coal. Metallurgical coal (also known as metal coal or cokering) is used mainly in steel and other industrial processes. Powered coal (also known as steam coal)
Almost all of Australia's lignite resources are located in Victoria, with over 90% spread in the River Geepsland basin (Ratlob Valley). Total lignite sources identified are estimated at 436,652mt, of which edr is 74,039mt, which is considered to be sub-economic.
The main mines are located in New South Wales & Queensland, Australia.
Coal mines in New South Wales include the Moraben mine, the Hunt Valley operation, the Wolkworth mine in Soli Hill, the Strafod Durari, the Ashton coal mine, the Austa coal mine and the Donatsen coal mine; and the Yarobe mine in Queensland.
Coal and Central Mountain Mining Joint Ventures. In addition, cocoal Australia manages the Kebetan and Prema Coal mines in Queensland and Western Australia respectively.
By the end of 2023, a total of 1.44 billion tons of coal is available for sale and 1.07 billion tons of coal are available for sale; 970 million tons of coal are available for sale and 720 million tons of coal are available for sale, based on the rights and interests of each mine.
Mostly powered coal and semi-soft coal with low-to-low-water and ash content, more than 2.3 Australian coal is used mainly for export. Australia ' s coal production in 2023 was 455.8 mt, compared to 2022
440.1 mt rises by about 3.6% since 1981, Australia's coal production has generally been affected by health events, and there has been a more pronounced decline in Australia's coal production;
Australia produces coal, which is mainly exported to Asian countries. From Australia’s coal currents, most of the coal produced is exported, and the domestic consumption is relatively small.
Australian coal is mainly sold to Asian countries such as Japan, China, South Korea, India, and we re-open Australian coal imports. By 2021, Australia was our main offshore coal importer.
Half of them came from Australia, and Australian coal accounted for more than 30% of our coal imports until 2020. Since October 2020, we have imposed a “non-formal ban” on Australian coal imports, and Australian coal imports have fallen significantly, again to historical lows in 2022.
In 2023, we allowed domestic companies to import Australian coal, and in 2023, we imported 52.46 million tons of Australian coal, returning to the historical average. 2.4 Coal is highly resource-efficient, and production and sales are stable.
In 2023, commercial coal production in Australia amounted to 43.6 million tons (in 100 per cent equity terms), an increase of almost 5 million tons compared to 2022; since 2021, owing to increased precipitation in mines and shortages in labour supply, group coal production has been relatively large.
Production declined from 38.9 million tons in 2022 to its lowest level since 2018, with Australia ' s mining sector steadily advancing in 2023, extreme weather factors being phased out and coal production gradually returning to previous years ' levels.
In terms of the yield of rights in the various mining areas of Australasia, although there are relatively large fluctuations in the overall output of the mines, the production of rights in Australasia has been relatively stable, with 34.5 million tons in 2023, representing 79 per cent of total production, compared to 66 per cent in 2018.
Coal sales were stable in Australia, with coal sales remaining above 30 million tons in 2018-2023, except in 2022, of which 33.1 million tons were sold in 2023, 28.4 million tons were sold for power and 4.7 million tons were sold for metallurgical coal.
East Asia is the main distribution area for coal. The main distribution of coal is to East Asian countries, where Japan, South Korea and China are the main distribution areas, with three countries accounting for 84% of the total in 2023.
The country has experienced a sharp fall in coal, and in 2023 we reopened our imports of Australian coal, with sales recovering to 21%. We believe that, with the gradual resumption of economic cooperation between the two countries, Australia will be expected to absorb more coal demand from China in the future.
Coal exports from Australia are generally priced on various indices or annual fixed prices, while the lower ash sub-products are priced on the Newcastle index, while the higher ash sub-products are priced on the api5 power coal index.
Pre-price pricing. Compared to the average coal sales price since 2018 and the Australasia Coal Export Price Index, the price of coal sales is almost the same as the index, and the current international coal price hub is still in a higher position than historical prices.
The average price of smelting coal sold in Australia is higher, at $356 per ton in 2023, which is $145 higher per ton than powered coal. According to the World Metals Export, Australia is the world’s largest exporter of smelting coal, around the world.
Half the global supply of metallurgical coal by sea. Demand from Europe and North Asia is likely to slow, but demand from India, South Asia and the Middle East is expected to provide strong support for the global market.
The cost of self-produced coal production in Australasia remained largely stable until 2022, with a significant increase in the cost of coal production in 2022 and 2023, mainly due to cash operating costs and concessions, which resulted in a substantial increase in the cost of coal as compared to previous years.
More than the increase in costs, the upswing in coal prices has led to a huge upward elasticity of performance. Key assumptions in coal operations and revenue projections. Coal sales are expected to be the company's own-producing coal sales in 2024-2026.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we expect the company ' s own coal sales revenue from 2024-2026 to fall significantly as a result of the economic downturn, and the demand for coal downstream is not as high as expected.
Large price fluctuations in coal-chemical products Summary of company financial statement data projections
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.