National gold foliage urities (002352.sz)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The straight-line model focuses on mid-to-high-end markets, creating a leader in the express delivery industry: after the 2002 harvest, it stays in business. The advantage of the straight-line model in terms of management and services makes smooth business more relevant to mid-to-high-end market demand.
At the cost side, the company is gradually outsourcing easily available social resources through the Partnership, and the cost growth is well controlled. The votes are still ahead of him, the main courier company he's listed on the market, the espousing and branding of the city's protectorate, and the courier leader is in a stable position.
Solid. In the context of industries where the overall rate of growth in the express delivery industry has begun to decline, the market at the mid-to-high end has been growing slowly, not just at the express end, towards an integrated logistics service provider: the country is now growing in size, but logistics efficiency still needs to be improved.
1. “One vote revenue recovery, intelligent logistics leads the way to future-flow solutions.” Started moving into the area of supply chain management, building logistics-centred closed links through new technologies, such as big data and cloud computing, to connect with customer business models to help clients reduce logistics costs.
2. " A significant slowdown in performance, a transformation of integrated logistics tools to meet the different logistics needs of enterprises, and a positive and forward-looking approach to warehousing, heavy cargo transport, cold transport, etc. - a stock-consumption review " .
3. "Performance over-commitment profits, tight cost controls to raise profits, become the core competitiveness of the company. At the same time, the acquisition of aircraft is being actively increased, modified, computerized and intelligently sorted.
Base project inputs with forward-looking strategic objectives to support integrated logistics service providers.
Starting with b2b, there is a large gap between business income, infrastructure and so on, and the ratio of revenue to revenue also indicates that Federal Express has established a more mature integrated logistics system and has begun to move towards the end of the city.
Fields. With the growth of our power suppliers, we think it would be more beneficial to extend to the b-end, although still at the stage of breeding, in the process of moving towards integrated logistics, with the help of couriers, the advantages of high-coverage networks, the good slogans that have been established, integrated logistics operations, etc.
Prospective companies 2017-Filtered companies are expected to improve the efficiency of their customers’ logistics.
Su Bao Liang double, 37 times, looking at the huge potential for integrated logistics development of companies, went up to the “buy-in” rating.
The express delivery sector is highly competitive, integrated logistics is developing less than expected, labour costs or oil prices are rising significantly.
In May 2016, a major asset restructuring plan was announced, with assets purchased through asset swaps and shares issued, which will be marketed by borrowing new material. After two modifications to the shell lending programme, the reorganization programme was conditionally passed by the CVM in October 2016.
In December, the replacement of assets was completed and the stock exchange became the subject of a listed company; in January 2017, new shares were placed on the market, bringing the total stock of the company to 4,183,678,213 shares; and in February of the same year, the name of the listed company was formally changed to the name of the stock exchange, marking the full formal completion of the debit.
Figure 1: Accommodative loan listing process — announcement of major asset restructuring plans — Accommodative holdings will be marketed through shell borrowing — Accommodative transfer of small loans, accompanimental security, and accompaniment of equity rights in the Financial Leasing Limited
• Favourable financial services in smooth transfers, co-winners in the logistics industry;
• The formal change in the name of the listed company to a Consistency Holding marks the formal completion of the encumbrance, which is divided into two parts: 1) the replacement of assets: the replacement of all assets and the equivalent of 100% of the shareholding held by all shareholders in the Consistency Holdings.
After the asset assessment, the assets were eventually valued at $796 million and the equity assessment for the purchase of 100 per cent of the surplus holdings was valued at $43.3 billion. (ii) Shares were issued to purchase the assets: for the difference between the disposal and purchase of the assets, they were purchased by the listed company in the form of shares issued to all the shareholders of the surplus holdings.
As of now, the stock held by Mingde has become a controlling shareholder in the company, holding approximately 2,702 million shares, representing 61 per cent of the total equity, and Mr. Wang Wei has become the actual controlling agent of the listed company.
In the shares issued for the purchase of assets, the stock locks held by Mingde hold a regular period of three years and must meet the performance commitments agreed in the Profit Forecasting Compensation Agreement and be transferred; the rest of the new shareholders hold good luck, open investment, good fortune, good fortune, good fortune, good fortune, good faith, good faith, good faith, good faith, etc.
Approximately 1,248 million shares will be released in the next three years at 30%, 30%, and 40% per year after meeting the promised net profit or performance obligation for the year.
In 2016, the company achieved an operating income of 57.480 billion yuan, resulting in a net profit of $4.18 billion for the mother, offset by a net profit of $2.64 billion for the non-return to the mother and a deduction of 21.0 per cent for the non-return to the mother ' s net profit significantly exceeding the performance commitment.
However, corporate performance slowed in the first half of 2017, with companies achieving business income of $32.16 billion, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $1.88 billion over the same period, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period, and a net gain from non-mortality.
1.2 Mobilize funds to enhance the competitiveness of integrated logistics. This shell programme also includes the mobilization of matching funds.
Business and business operations, while operating income as a percentage of operating income remains low, and the SMS portfolio was even severed in September 2015, have been pursuing strategies to transform SCF holdings from simple couriers to integrated goods services providers.
▪ Observing the use of funds for the collection of funds, which will be invested heavily in integrated logistics infrastructure. The total amount of funds raised will not exceed $8 billion and will be used for the acquisition of shipping materials and flight support projects, cold transport vehicles, the purchase of vehicles and temperate equipment, the construction of information services platforms and the development of next generation logistics information technology.
Projects, transit site construction projects, and projects are critical to improving supply chain service infrastructure on a smooth basis. At present, fund-raising is in place, with a total of 227 million shares issued at a price of $35.19  In line with the company's latest announcement, surplus holdings will partially raise funds and increase aircraft acquisition.
A total of 3.33 billion yuan is being built for loading, information-based construction, and smart sorting bases. Building on strong trunking capacity, well-developed information systems, focusing on intelligent logistics, we believe it will help to bridge the entire chain of logistics, integrate warehousing, heavy cargo transport, supply chain finance, etc., and shift to integrated logistics service providers.
Forward looking. It is expected to continue to build core competitiveness in the supply chain and achieve integrated corporate logistics.
There are two main business models in place for companies in the express delivery sector: one is the straight-up model that followed the 2002 harvest: the other is the one that is commonly adopted for rapid expansion. The two models are neither good nor good, and their advantages and disadvantages are equally obvious, only at different stages of the company’s development and in the market.
There is a more appropriate model for different needs. In the smooth camp model, all delivery nodes are controlled from Headquarters, led by Headquarters to the points, resources, and integrated planning. Clients generate express delivery requirements.
Upon request, a direct-camp network point is assigned by the Headquarters Information System, which is transported through the secondary trans-shipment centre to the primary trans-shipment centre, and through the route design system, the most efficient transport routes are calculated and transported by road or air to the destination regional trans-shipment centre, where they are then sorted and transported to the recipient ' s point of contact, and eventually to the recipient ' s point of contact.
This is done by a first-line courier at the direct camp point. Standardized management of operations at the direct camp point, unified accounting system, income from the receipt, costs incurred, welfare of personnel, full capital expenditure, delivery to the transit centre and destination regional trans-shipment centre to the point of dispatch.
It is easier for a consortium to manage a fast delivery price when it is completed by an ally, with only a bond, a transfer fee and a face-to-face fee paid to headquarters. ▪ Compared to the two delivery business models, the immediate advantage is management efficiency and quality of service, but capital
Inputs and operating costs are high, and service network expansion is relatively slow. The association model is superior in these respects, with less money available for business expansion.
High-end market demand. Medium- and high-end markets are less sensitive to expressive prices, and demand focuses mainly on timeliness, safety, and quality of services. There is no involvement of allieds in smooth logistics chains, effective management, standardized clothing, accessories, and service content for all distribution agents, and headquarters directives can be fast-tracked.
The company’s strategy to focus on high-end segmented markets takes full advantage of a smooth-and-show management model. Outside the business sector, the e-commerce b2c model has been growing rapidly in recent years, and the power-marketing platform brands are now being used by companies.
The shop business has become a new market in the electricity sector. The high-end customers of these consumers are also looking at service attitudes and quality, the advantages of a business-to-business model, and helping to establish and connect with their customers. The quality of the service has attracted cooperation from a number of well-known brands, both within and outside the country.
Multi-sector companies, such as Leo, Quai Bank, identify long-term partnerships. In the association model, the company benefits from the light asset model during its rapid expansion of the network, the business expansion is faster, the e-commerce platform market, which requires high network coverage, and the association model is easier to rob.
At this stage, however, the distribution of the express delivery company network has been improved, homogenization has peaked, and clients are increasingly demanding of service quality. But both sides of the federated logistics chain have blocked direct contact between the express delivery company’s headquarters and clients, and because of the alignment model’s management capacity.
In the case of vulnerability, the quality of services is difficult to guarantee, easily causes a decline in client satisfaction, and severely suppresses the company’s ability to operate independently, making it difficult to transform. Throughout the world’s courier giants, federal couriers, ups, or dhl, it is a straight-line model.
By analysing the business model and the target markets, smoothing out in the express service industry is a counter-competitive strategy. Under a well-bred straight-line model, moving into the mid-end and high-end express delivery market, with less involvement in low-end platforms.
In 2016, the size of smooth incomes and single-vote Māori were significantly higher than other courier companies in the same industry, with the same market far ahead and a well-deserved lead in the delivery industry.
Since the revenue from couriers, in addition to Comunicación, consists only of face bills, transit fees and dispatch fees, a slight difference from the saturation margin, we compare the tickets of the listed couriers to the sum of the sum of the sum, and find that, under the condition of their own heavy assets, the sum is still in the lead of the other major listed couriers.
The moorings and brands are prominent. 2.2 Take full advantage of outsourcing, the Partnership saves one piece of cost and creates a business model for large domestic assets, making it easier for companies to deliver couriers at a Māori rate compared to the industry.
There are no obvious advantages, and companies face even greater cost pressures in the face of rising human and oil prices. In order to save costs, companies have gradually outsourced easily available social resources, such as partial delivery operations, loading and unloading operations, and integrated logistics support operations, which have grown well in recent years.
The cost of running a business under the control of HSC consists mainly of employee remuneration, transport costs, outsourcing costs, etc.. In 2016, three costs accounted for 20.4%, 16.0%, and 45.2% respectively, and these three are also the main variables for the express service industry. The company has 124,000 employees, but more than 400,000 people who work for the company are outsourced.
The model is one of the most important ways in which companies can reduce their costs. ▪ Because of the apparently seasonal nature of the express delivery industry, the season is three or four quarters of the year, the outsourcing model is used for labour, it is flexible, it can ease the problem of low-season idleness, and it is empty for regions with uneven distribution ratios.
At the same time, outsourcing of transport operations will save companies on capital costs arising from large purchases of vehicles and reduce future depreciation and amortization costs. In the process of outsourcing, companies introduce “partnership schemes.” It is hoped that by encouraging older employees to start their own businesses, they will assume responsibility.
Logistics outsources services, thereby reducing operating costs. Partnering, because it involves the company's old employees, is in line with the business culture, and is more skilled and saves a lot of communication costs. Old workers themselves are more inclined to be comfortable with the welfare model and have a sense of superiority.
Outsourcing is more efficient. In 2015 and 2016, the total increase in employee remuneration, transport costs, and outsourcing costs was much faster than the increase in the volume of courier operations, and the single ticket could turn into a downward trend. The most important difference from the federated model is that the comfortable outsourcer is not involved in management, but only in business.
At the same time, there is a robust internal control system for partners, such as screening, management, evaluation, etc., which is sufficient to ensure the quality of services. 2.3 Light assets operate international operations, and it will take time for them to enter fully into force.
▪ In 2010, Hyo Fong Holdings began its international portfolio. In 2016, Hyo Fung International recorded operating income of $1.10 billion, an increase of 309% over the same period, and achieved high growth rates.
However, companies operate primarily through light assets for international operations. By working with local courier logistics services, help smooth the region’s intake and transit, with the exception of surveillance teams.
The company has rapidly expanded its operations globally, creating a global network of courier services covering more than 200 countries and territories.
Various types of import and export services, such as electric express, bonded storage, overseas storage, trans-shipment, and prescription standards, customize integrated import and export solutions according to customer needs.
International courier products. This is also the latest attempt to advance to an international market where international operations are growing faster, but in 2016 they accounted for the smallest share of major operations (exploited commodity sales) and only 1.9% in most of the countries and regions in which they operate.
The model of light assets also shows that the company is not in a hurry to expand its international business, but is still building the foundation for a global delivery network. On the international business side, we mark the international express delivery of the international express service, which has matured its international business.
Federal Express has evolved into an international courier group that provides overnight couriers, ground couriers, heavy cargo transport, document reproduction and logistics services, with Memphis airport as a hub for air cargo. Federal Express revenue reached $60.32 billion in fiscal 2016.
For couriers, it takes time and effort to develop international operations on their own and they are vulnerable to failure by “water and soil.” History has shown that acquisition and strategic cooperation methods can well enter new markets and expand global reach.
In the case of federal couriers, for example, it is clear from the history of their acquisitions that the recipient’s geographical coverage is highly consistent with their expansionary footprint. For example, the acquisition in 1984 of gelco, which has offices in Asia, was the same year in China and Japan.
Federal Express invested $150 million in 2005 at White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou, establishing the New Asia-Pacific Transit Centre, and then acquired local couriers worldwide to enter the region’s markets. In 2005, Federal Express earned $19.44 billion in business year-round, and its holdings are now on the same scale as at that time.
And, in terms of the direction in which funds are invested, surplus holdings continue to be concentrated on domestic infrastructure and do not yet have the financial strength and willingness to accelerate overseas M&As. The strategic focus in the near future will continue to be on domestic business penetration and development.
Figure 20: Summary of Federal Express International Business Expansion Actions 2.4. Rapid turn-over or forthcoming, seeking new directions due to the spread of the Internet and the rise of Internet platform shopping, express delivery is emerging after 2011
Growth. In 2016, Chinese Express operations reached 31.28 billion, an increase of 51.4 per cent over the same year, but the increase in Express operations above 50 per cent was unsustainable. With the decline in the size of the network purchase trade market and the penetration of pc end-to-move end, the volume of Express operations is expected to grow at a significant rate.
Declined. In January-June 2017, a cumulative volume of 17.32 billion couriers of more than size was concentrated on the medium- and upper-end express market, compared to the growth of the smooth stock holdings, while the overall speed of the delivery industry was slower than that of the medium- and high-end power suppliers, and the share of the express delivery market was gradually catching up.
In the face of changes in the pattern of the express delivery industry, the seat of a smoother and still strong courier leader is bound to rise to more intense competition. A positive transformation, with the expansion of new businesses, has become a new strategic direction for smooth-share holdings.
• Summary: The smooth market is based on a straight-line model that locates medium- and high-end express delivery markets, provides high-quality services, and has a premium on goods. Outsourcing and implementing a “partnership plan”, single tickets can turn into a downward trend. There is now a greater focus on domestic operations, and full-scale international operations need to wait.
With the beginning of the downturn, markets at the mid-to-high end are growing at a slower pace, and smoothness requires finding new growth points. 3. More than express delivery, the transition to integrated logistics services provider 3.1 logistics underpins economic development, and there is still room for efficiency improvement.
In the process of economic development, the flow of goods is essential, the allocation of resources has spread to the entire world, and modern logistics services play an increasing role in resource allocation, which is considered to be the artery of national economic development and the basic industry. As the division of labour becomes increasingly interdependent and complementary, raw materials, customs, etc.
The country’s total social logistics continues to grow. In 2016, the country’s total social logistics amounted to 229.7 trillion.
The cost of social logistics (including transport costs, custodial costs and administrative costs) in our country has increased simultaneously, with 0.9 percentage points for the whole of society in 2016.
The country’s logistics scale is expanding, and logistics efficiency still needs to be improved. The ratio of total logistics costs to gdp is a common international indicator of logistics efficiency, and the lower the ratio, the more efficient the logistics are in 2015.
The percentage point, which is expected to continue to decline to less than 15% in 2016, is still higher than in the developed world, where the global level of 11.7% is below 10% in developed countries, such as Europe and the United States of America, and where there is still much room for improved logistics efficiency.
The “13th Five-Year Plan” provides for the strengthening of logistics infrastructure, the development of logistics from third parties and green logistics, cold-chain logistics, and rural-urban distribution. Third-party logistics is the case with the first (seller) and second (buyer) parties.
Logistics service providers that undertake logistics activities by a specialized third-party logistics enterprise. Through a professional division of labour, third-party logistics enterprises are dedicated to the flow of goods, which will significantly reduce logistics costs.
From the point of view of cost savings in logistics by companies, an increasing number of manufacturers and retailers are handing over their logistics systems to professional logistics service providers. And, for logistics service providers, how to provide more integrated logistics services and improve supply chain effectiveness
Rates, through the construction of basic logistics facilities and the development of int to make them more compatible with customer business models, will help clients reduce logistics costs and will become the core competitiveness of future integrated logistics service providers. 3.2 Extensions to the supply chain, with multiple operations supporting integrated logistics
While developing courier operations, HSCUs have as their strategic objective integrated logistics services to provide integrated and integrated logistics solutions for their clients. HS begins to move into supply chain management, building closed links with logistics at the core, connecting with customer business models, and helping clients to reduce logistics costs.
The supply chain consists of seven links: planning, procurement, production, warehousing, distribution, post-sales, finance, etc., and the acquisition of raw materials from the target customer enterprise to its supplier, and the final transmission of the product to its client through the production, warehousing, marketing chain.
Logistics firms need to use strong information systems, integrate supplier logistics, value-added flows, supply information, and customer demand information so that each link is closely linked to the supply chain in order to function efficiently as a whole. At the same time, a well-developed supply chain financial system can reduce supply chain liquidity.
▪ Modern enterprise logistics needs are gradually extending to supply chains. By connecting supply chain links through logistics, they are a key part of supply chain management, carrying information and capital flows, and efficient logistics will lead to overall efficiency in supply chain management and enhance the competitiveness of firms in the market.
Production, supply, distribution, distribution, etc., based on customer demand, providing integrated logistics services such as warehousing management, sales forecasting, big data analysis, settlement management, etc., through the import of customer demand information and the integration of node information, the enterprise can make a more accurate judgement of the market.
Efficient links, and the provision of integrated integrated logistics services, will be a point of business growth for logistics enterprises. ▪ In the provision of integrated supply chain services, and given the different specific logistics needs of different industries, strong holdings are marching towards integrated logistics service providers, actively developing warehouses to meet the different logistics needs of enterprises.
Storage and distribution, heavy cargo transport, cold transport, co-location and value-added operations, which together support integrated logistics service providers
In the first half of 2017, revenue from operations other than prescription and economic products reached 12.3%, compared to storage and distribution operations. Warehousing distribution is an essential part of the supply chain solution, and the ability of companies to integrate logistics solutions depends to some extent on their storage and distribution capacity.
The initial scale of the services, with a total planned construction area of 2,127,000 square metres, is planned for 55 urban layouts Industrial parks projects, with key performance indicators including the timeliness of receipt, timeliness of shipment, accuracy of shipment, inventory accuracy, etc., reaching more than 99 per cent. Through large data projections, warehouses are managed
Inventory, smart redeployment, near delivery, savings on upstream customer logistics costs, reduced transport time, and higher downstream customer satisfaction.
In recent years, the easy-to-reach warehouse service has been providing services to clients of the medium-to-high-end white wine factory, and will continue to open up new customers and opportunities in the medium-to-high-end white wine industry.
In the first half of the year, the operating income from heavy cargo transport operations was $1,762 million, an increase of 99.7% over the same period, the fastest growing in all industries, accounting for 5.48% of operating income, and is now in a position to achieve a balance of gains and losses.
It ensures the rapid arrival of goods at their destination by sending them directly to the airport and to the airport, making the heavy goods market more time-sensitive. The logistics generic transport can deliver a shipment of goods at the same destination but less than one vehicle.
Resources to provide customized services to clients. It also helps to make the most of the surplus and reduces the overall operating capital.
The 13th Five-Year Plan clearly states that the future will strengthen infrastructure, develop the cold-chain logistics, and guide the logistics industry. For enterprises, the high demand for transport equipment, technology and management capacity in cold-chains, coupled with higher costs, has also been “watered up”
Ship height, unsuited to high-priced client groups, whose low-price-sensitization boom is easier to operate in the direction of the cold chain than other courier companies. Happiness proposes to raise 4% of the funds for the purchase of cold transport vehicles and temperature-controlled equipment, and cold transport operations have great potential for growth.
As of the first half of 2017, cold transport operations had covered food, pharmaceutical production, electricity, distribution, retail, etc., with 180 cities and surrounding regions connected to a smooth and cold transport network. The resources devoted to the food sector were 61 food cold banks, 174 food main lines running through the core cities, and food was fed.
There are 887 refrigerated vehicles, of which 238 are certified by gsp. Co-operability: the co-operability market, extended from the take-out, is vast, and is developing rapidly in the fields of fresh, flowered, commercial supply chains.
The radius is usually only about three to five kilometres from the physical store, with distribution time ranging from 30 minutes to two hours, and co-location with the city is extremely demanding for the ability of the Internet to operate.
But, with special features in other forms of logistics, the development of the business will be an important component of a smooth and integrated logistics capacity. The first half of 2017 saw an outbreak of business growth in the same city, with business income of $132 million, a year-on-year increase.
Value-added services generally depend on other operations. For example, they may be based on the completion of heavy cargo operations.
Customer demand provides value-added services such as delivery upstairs, cargo custody, etc. While value-added services now account for less than 4% of revenue, the development of value-added services helps to improve the integrity of supply chain services, their integration, supply chain efficiency and profitability.
In 2015, Fedex acquired the predecessor of the leading third-party logistics division of North America, Fedexsupplychain. Genco is a reverse logistics business.
Experts, processing more than 600 million returns per year. Reverse logistics is also one of the four solutions now offered by Fedexsupply chain.
3.3 Combining the three networks, infrastructure protection and protection, integrated logistics services require full coverage of different logistics service products across the chain, as well as strong information-gathering and collation capabilities that link the whole chain in order to match the service model of supply chain management.
A growing number of logistics firms are interested in sharing larger logistics markets by moving towards integrated logistics. Currently, the logistics distribution chain is largely broken down into couriers, heavy cargo, cold chains, and freight forwarders.
In the course of its development, the express delivery company has established a wide and deep coverage that makes it easier to penetrate into other markets; in addition, the express delivery industry has a higher concentration than other markets, has a greater size and financial advantage, and is more secure for R & D investment in warehousing and information systems.
Facilities development and service delivery systems are easier to further develop in the area of integrated logistics, effectively reducing customer logistics costs and achieving economies of scale.
The creation of “Skynet + Groundnet + Information Network”, aimed at intelligent logistics operators, including air networks, ground transport networks, call networks, etc., is a combination of three networks that provide a strong guarantee for integrated logistics and become an important core competitiveness of firms.
• Skynet. Shun Fung is one of the only three companies in the country with independent air transport capabilities, with a fleet of far larger and more powerful than the other two. Shun Fung Air now has 55 full cargo aircraft, of which 40 are owned and 15 are outsourced. 35 are operated from the first and second-tier airports, covering 24 companies.
In addition to this, Shun Fung received a passenger cabin resource from more than 30 airlines. Throughout 2016, Shun Feng transported 996,000 tons of express cargo by air.
More manageable, coupled with rent considerations, air logistics companies have increased their air assets by increasing their own share. The advantage of early prosperity in aviation has become apparent, the resources available are abundant, and the company continues to invest in a firm lead in the acquisition of shipping materials.
In addition, Heung Fung plans to establish a hub specialized cargo airport in Ozhou, with a total planned investment of 37.6 billion yuan. Once built, the hub airport function will significantly address China’s economic imbalances and regional differences and improve costs and efficiency.
The maintenance of the country’s first-ever self-organic fleet size and the hub freight forwarder is a strong back-up for becoming the country’s master of aviation logistics. The land network.
On the mainland, there are more than 13,000 shops with a network covering 334 municipalities, 2,656 districts, 10 hubs, 30 air and railway stations, 131 complexes, and 139 simple transit sites.
In the last kilometer, there are almost 30,000 co-operations, 617 cooperative property management companies and 55134 smart couriers. In the first half of the year, approximately 3515 acres of land have been contracted, with a total planned construction area of approximately 2.478,000 square metres.
About 764,000 square metres have been built, and the net book value of the logistics site is about RMB .
The competitive situation of introducing new and emerging technologies, such as mobile payments, face-to-face recognition, bio-knowledge, technology, big data, cloud computing, etc., has become a mandatory subject for couriers to keep pace with the times.
Launching a complete operating management system to make order flow information transparent and easy for customers to view. Hinyo Holdings will continue to make an intensive shift to science and technology. The scale of R & D investment has increased in recent years, leading much more than other couriers.
Companies will continue to support strong investment in smart logistics technologies, upgrade the automation of logistics equipment, increase the input of new generation computer technologies, such as big data and cloud computing, continuously introduce new technologies, and maintain the company ' s leading role in intelligent logistics.
The HSBC has been set up, with 100% indirect ownership, to monitor the entire process, and has been established as an integrated logistics service information base through large data and cloud computing analysis, the provision of sales forecasts, advance delivery, data analysis, etc.
▪ Barriers to information technology services: In conclusion, there is still much room for improving logistics efficiency in our country, operating smoothly and operating in many ways, acting as an integrated logistics service provider through forward-looking layout of supply chain links, with the expectation of effectively reducing customer logistics costs.
At the same time, infrastructure is being actively built, with the “Three Networks Together” at an unprecedented scale and with unprecedented research and development, through large numbers of computing techniques, effective interfaces with customer supply chain links, strong support for smooth future transformation upgrades, and the introduction of integrated logistics solutions.
At the start of the business, Federal Express provided overnight delivery services to 25 cities through 33 D'Assolt Eagles.
In the 1970s, the US came into contact with restrictions on air transport, while services and high-tech industries emerged, and companies dramatically increased their demand for small packages like drawings, documents, tapes, diskettes, and small electronic components. Federal Express seized the opportunity of changing industry patterns, and, after more than 40 years of development, federal Express.
With a fleet of 657 aircraft, a fleet of 458,000 vehicles, a network of more than 43,000 sites and a storage space of 35 million square feet, the fleet has grown into a global provider of logistics services solutions.
Euro, 19.8 per cent over the same period, with tntexpress, acquired for 2017, contributing $7.4 billion in revenue growth and net profit of $30.0 billion, or 64.7 per cent over the same period.
The share has fallen to 57.6 per cent, while the share of ground transportation, heavy cargo and other logistics services has risen from year to year, reaching 42.4 per cent, suggesting that integrated logistics services have long been a leader in international courier development.
There is a gap between the size of Federal Express and the share of Consistency Holdings, in terms of infrastructure and revenue collection, and international close to integrated logistics service providers. As of 2016, Consistency Stock Express operations were receiving revenue.
The ratio is still over 80%, the fleet is currently only 40, and the storage area is not the same as that of Federal Express, which, in the course of its development, has contributed to a rapid expansion of the company’s operations at the end of b2b. Today, the demand for customer logistics is gradually expanding to the end of c.
On 7 February 2017, Federal Express released a logistics network service for small and medium-sized electricity companies.
In recent years, booming growth has been the result of the rapid rise of our power suppliers. After taking over the middle-to-high end of the market for electrical and commercial items, the boom began to move into the field of integrated logistics, with its own high-end client resources at the b2c end, a well-established network coverage and a greater willingness on the part of business customers.
Cozy R&D advantages also help to improve logistics efficiency and save logistics costs. And corporate cash flows are good, with a net operating cash flow of $5.29 billion in 2016.
In summary, both end b2b and end b2c are markets that couriers want to seize. Federal couriers start from b2b, and integrated logistics systems are in shape.
High-end markets are more conducive to extension to the b-end, although they are still in the nurturing phase, but in the process of moving towards integrated logistics, combined with well-established good slogans, with the advantage of a large number of courier networks and high coverage, integrated logistics may be the first to emerge in our country and become an oligopoly in the industry.
Profit forecasting and valuation. Since the listing on 24 February 2017, the Pé valuation has been maintained at a high level of approximately 50 times the previous level, which is higher than that of other listed couriers.
But we believe that there is still much room for companies to increase their market value in the medium and long term. First, the potential for companies to emerge from the cold chain, the heavy logistics sector, where the total cost of our social logistics has exceeded 10 trillion dollars, the market is huge, and if we can take advantage of brand and b2c, the market share of the integrated logistics market will increase.
There is considerable scope for future development. 1) The Māori rate will be maintained due to the decline in the market in the express delivery sector, which led to higher R & D investment in the company from 2017 to 2019.
▪ The express delivery sector is highly competitive, integrated logistics is developing less than expected, labour costs or oil prices are rising significantly.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.