High harvests and strong watch activity have been achieved, and Hangzhou Bank's annual report for 2024 has been rated on 13 April 2025.
Hangzhou Bank (stock code: 600926), marked up in the first three quarters; parent net profit ratio + 18.07 per cent, stable at a higher level; weighted 1 latitude
In 2024, net corporate interest income increased by +4.37 per cent, with a narrow reduction, supported by improved cost of liabilities. Specifically, interest-bearing asset yields, interest-paying obligations, manufacturing, green, inclusive credit, etc., grew faster than industry averages.
The research assistant Yuan Shijun has developed in depth, and under the “1+7+n” system of financial specialization, the customer's integrated business capacity has been strengthened, driven by the growth of mortgage loans, the company's increased access and expansion, and mortgage lending has been negative at the same time as +12.15 per cent.
Wealth management is well under way, with higher investment income: in 2024, the company ' s non-interest income was the same as +18bp; among these, the rate of poor individual lending rose considerably and was largely influenced by the pressure of some individual households and micro-entrepreneurs.
At the end of 2024, the company provided 541.5% coverage, and the investment proposal: the company was based in Hangzhou, deep-deep in the river, and actively expanded to the long triangle, with a strong regional advantage. The “two, two, five” strategic plan was clear, and strong corporate finance was ballast, retailing, and doing small and medium-sized growth.
Corporate fundamentals and stock price elasticity. We maintain a “recommended” rating, with bvps from 2025 to 2027, figure 1: Hangzhou bank revenue, net profit and speed of increase, respectively. Figure 3: Hangzhou bank net interest income and speed of increase
Figure 5: Size and acceleration of Hangzhou Bank loans
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.