Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh)
Bank/City Business ii Investment rating: higher than (maintenance) for a trading day, no less than $1 1.35/share transfer price (including 130 per cent, or not less than $14.76/
The conditional foreclosure clause of “Hanging to Debt” has been triggered by the agreement of Hangzhou Bank Limited to publicly issue a statement to convert corporate bonds.
By the end of the first quarter of 2025, the capital adequacy rate at the corporate core level was 9.01%, and the balance of untransferable debt was 10,637 million yuan. On this basis, the balance of outstanding equity transfers was measured to boost the capital adequacy at the core level by 0.83 percentage points and capital was further consolidated, with a potential for continuation.
At present, 11.7 per cent more than at the beginning of the year, and 1.3 per cent less than at the beginning of the year, while at the end of the period retail loans accounted for 30.3 per cent of the total loans, figure 3: negative rates at the end of March 2025 for listed banks, figure 4: provision coverage at the end of March 2025 for listed banks
For Hangzhou Bank, corporate governance mechanisms and regional economic advantages are evident, and high-growth attribute values are evident; at the same time, countercyclical policies are expected to increase further, with banks with a higher share of urban investment outside Hangzhou Bank, and therefore companies have a dual logic of short-term catalytic and medium- and long-term high-growth high-quality targets, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. Overall, the “low-interest-rate environment + insurance/etf incremental capital + warehouse-keeping” environment has a stable and high-scoring bank with a good configuration value in Hangzhou Bank, Jiangsu Bank, and Chengdu in the second half of the year.
Quality city comptoirs, represented by banks with counter-cyclical policies, are expected to outperform their gains; at the same time, firms with a core competitive advantage, such as merchant banks, and well-established banks, have good investment value.
Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) Tri-quarter report rating - net interest spread stable and adequate. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) semi-annual report evaluation - speed of receipt, provision of extenuating apologies.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
< - 20%; orthefundamentaloutbookofthecompanorsecorectorisunfavorable.
♪ Outperform underperform interestdiscussion state ♪
I don't know, thealysticensed by the Hongkongsecuritiesandfuturescommission.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The contentothisreportsnotreprisatarecommendationsofguoseensécrities(hk)anddoesnotconstituteteforcastonyfutures and/oroptions.guosensecurities(hk)maybeeeingorwillseekinvesmentbankingorbusins (suchasplazingagent, leadmanager)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, anyone who doesn't know what it's like, anyone who doesn't know what it's like to be a part of it, anyone who doesn't know what it's like to be a part of it, anyone who doesn't know what it's like to be a part of it, anyone who doesn't know what it's like to be a part of it, who's a part of it, who doesn't know what it's like to be a part of it.
Reference frame: Hong Kong Hengsheng Index