Sign 1.31 billion long sheets, single crystal silicone taps secure: the company signed 1.31 billion single silicon silicon sheets with Viet Nam batteries and Shanghai with Shanghai at the lowest/highest level in a year:
On July 16, 2019, the company announced, together with Viet Nam Battery and Technology Ltd., and the Shanghai New Energy Unit, 900 million units delivered in January-June of the year, that in 2019 it was involved in 254 million pieces of the consignment.
This contract is estimated at about $540 million, or about 17% of the company's audited operating income in 2018. We believe that the signing of this long list has proved once again that the supply of single crystal silicon tablets is inadequate, and the downstream battery plant wants to lock in the supply of high-quality silicon tablets as soon as possible.
It helps to guarantee stable sales of corporate monocrystal silicon and accelerates the rise in the share of the monocrystal market. The monocrystal silicon continues to be in short supply, and the company's leading position is strong.
There are no single-crystal silicon enterprises of any size except the company, the center ring. In a context where future supply and demand of single-crystal silicon are still tight, the company is very determined to expand its production. By the end of 2019, 2020, 2021, the company's single-crysilica capacity is expected to continue.
With 36, 50, 56gw, and with 16, 20, 30gw, respectively, the production capacity of the components has effectively established the company’s leading position in the monocrystal field, and will greatly increase the company’s profitability. As the scale expands, the company’s silicon and component operations are entering the fast track of development.
Companies are absolute leaders, and their future advantages are more pronounced; in the area of downstream components, companies have also joined the front line, " Performance meets expectations, productive expansion planning is clear " , and as size expands and overseas markets expands, they will also enter the lead sequence.
“Standing production steady, photovoltaic monocrystal global pole position secure” 2019-04-08: Keeping a “strongly recommended” rating for corporate monocrystal locomotive status and profitability
As the company's silicon silicon and component operations develop rapidly, we expect the company's business earnings for 2019-2021 to be in shape.
Upstream price down, overseas market hot, single crystal