The company expects the year 2019 to be real.
Sunk's remote silicon silicon, component sizes up, 2019q2's performance is higher than expected, single crystal silicone, photovoltage components up, output and profitability are all increasing significantly.
We expect the sales of 2019q2 single crystal silicon tablets to be around 1.2 billion, an increase of about 190 per cent over the same period;
The Division delivered about 2gw in the second quarter, with an increase of about 50 per cent in the ring, an increase of about 28.8 per cent in the business Māori rate, and a 4 per cent increase in the ring, mainly due to the fall in the prices of upstream batteries and the large overseas sales of the components income structure (2018y)
On July 11th, the National Energy Agency announced a national subsidy bid for the 2019 photovoltaic project, which compares the stock with the depth of 300 in the last 12 months.
22.79gw. The Department of Energy also issues guidelines on the size of the installed aircraft, which will be completed in the course of the year (about 30gw in the second half of this year) and domestic loading requirements will start soon, with silicon rings.
On July 16, the company issued an announcement, together with Viet Nam Battery and Technology Ltd., and Shanghai Yi-Yi.
New Energy Technologies Ltd. signed a contract for the sale of 1.31 billion single crystal silicon tablets, measuring the amount of the contract at approximately $540 million. Viet Nam currently has a total capacity of approximately 4.46gw light voltage, an increase of nearly 400 times over the same period. We expect about 120-130gw of the additional light voltage installed worldwide in 2019, including overseas.
About 85gw. The company sold its components overseas over 70% in the first half of the year. After a short, mild season, we thought that overseas demand was expected to warm up gradually by the end of the third quarter.
In the next six months, the company’s “growth” rating has been maintained. The light-voltage machine is not as high as expected, the international trade situation is changing, and production capacity is not released as expected.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.