REFRC Lungi shares published its performance in the first half of 2019, achieving revenue of 14.1 billion yuan (+41 per cent of the year) and net profit of 20.1 billion yuan (+54 per cent of the year, minus 59 per cent), in line with the scope of the performance forecast and market expectations.
Non-silicon cost drops at an alarming rate, driving the Māori rate to increase continuously: the company achieved a 32 per cent reduction in the non-silicon cost of 2019h1 silicon per year, including through equipment process improvements, management lifts and so on, thus achieving a 3.6 to 26 per cent increase in the Māori rate in combination with the q2 season, against the backdrop of a significant decline in the unit value of the product.
A 4.5-28-per-cent rise in the combined Māori rate ring over q1, demonstrating a very strong technologically advanced capacity. Accelerated expansion, based on technological and cost advantages, strided: q2 profit over-expected innovations, single crystal highs, etc.
In a clear context, based on the principle of “no leadership, no expansion” and with the recognition of significant technological and cost advantages, the company is accelerating the pace of expansion, which is now expected to be achieved one year ahead of the end of 2020 for the 65gw silicon production that was originally planned for the end of 2021. We expect that the company will do so over the next two years.
45-50 per cent of the city is firmly at the top of the monocrystal silicone industry. 3. Quarterly Profit Trail confirmed that the ratio of overseas sales to component operations had increased significantly, and that profitability was more likely than expected: years ago.
Work effort (product certification, channel development, brand promotion, etc.) and overseas sales of company components this year 4. Stock impairments have delayed short-term performance, business data are visible, and 2.4gw sales abroad in the first half of the year, 76%.
The highest levels of product availability of an internationally authoritative light-voltage rating agency allow overseas power plant owners using corporate component products to access project finance at lower cost.
The project’s excess gains will be shared by companies in the form of a product sales premium. At the same time, the company Malaysia’s battery assembly capacity is expected to provide a significant profit contribution at a higher Māori rate over the next two years, with the combination of the upcoming downside of the US market’s field-itc subsidy + a double-faced component exemption of 201 duties.
The improvement in operating cash flows has been significant and the trend in the future has been positive: the rapid expansion of the capacity of companies over the past few years, the expansion of core operations from silicon to components, and the expansion of component operations from domestic to international markets have had a negative impact on operating cash flows, as components are gradually deployed overseas and sold overseas.
The six-monthly cash flow situation improved significantly from the upswing (backs are better than home), with net cash inflows of $2.43 billion increasing by 108 per cent in the same year and exceeding the six-month net profit scale of $2 billion.
Given the speed of company expansion and the faster than expected decline in non-silicon costs, we have adjusted the production forecast for silicon and downgraded the non-silicon cost projection.
Figure 2: Net profits, net interest rate of the company for the single season Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment