In mid-2019, Lungi reported an increase of 54% in profits as expected. The company, as a single-crystal leader, made a profit of $1.398 billion, an increase of 83.07% in the same year.
With high sales of monocrystal products and about 80 per cent of overseas sales of components, the global market share of monocrystals continues to rise, and is expected to reach 62 per cent in 2019. In the first half of the year, companies achieved 2,148 million copies of monocrystal silicon, 183 per cent more than in the same year, and 795 million of their own.
The external sales of crystal components were 3,193mw, an increase of 21 per cent from the previous year, self-utilization of 265mw; and single crystal batteries 712mw from the same date. Corporate growth in overseas markets was remarkable, sales areas expanded further, and overseas revenues increased significantly, with sales of overseas crystal components growing by 2,423mw from the first half of the year, a rise of 252 per cent from the same year to 76 per cent.
Māori increased by the same year, and operating cash flows improved significantly: benefiting from the high demand for efficient monocrystal products and the rise in overseas demand, the company combined Māori ratio was 26.22 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.60 percentage points in the same year. In addition, the net cash flow of companies operating in the first half of the year was 2,427 million yuan, a significant increase in the same year.
107.63 per cent, showing a better profit quality. ▪ R & D leads to efficiency gains and output expansion increases: companies continuously increase R & D inputs, third generation perc battery single/double cell conversion efficiency increases by more than 0.3 per cent, and process upgrades, etc.
In addition, the company has accelerated its capacity-building and, based on current construction progress, is expected to reach 65gw by the end of 2020, one year ahead of schedule.
The state ' s 5gw component has completed production capacity and the Yunnan II single crystal silicon stick and silicon silicon project has accelerated, and is expected to further consolidate the company ' s single crystal-capacitation advantage by using the market price rate of 28 August 2019 as the standard.
Under the current equity scenario, and taking into account the situation in the company and the supply and demand situation in the industry, we put the company, Lungi: Together Strong, Complementarity and Winning Policy Risks, 2019.06.04. Industry demand falls short of expectations, drops short of expectations, and digestions of production capacity fall short of expectations.
Bank of China International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, Lee Kowloon.