q2 profits are higher than expected, and the single-crystal high-winding dividend will continue to be released.
The profits of 13.5 to 1.48 billion yuan, a 77 to 94 per cent increase in the same year, a 121 to 142 per cent increase in the ring of q1, a record high. The firm’s strong layout of offshore terminal markets over the past few years (bank certification, channel construction, branding, etc.) has made a remarkable return against the backdrop of a significant increase in demand in overseas markets this year.
According to the report, we estimate the company ' s q2 component output to be around 2gw, with an increase of nearly 60 per cent in the ring ratio of q1, while the projected q2 Māori ratio is confirmed by a two-quarter recovery in profitability due to lower prices for silicon and the continuing decline in the company ' s non-silicon cost.
q1 has also increased significantly, with an estimated average Māori rate of about 28 per cent and a ring increase of more than 4 pct. Single crystal highs + component city upturning dividends will continue to be released, supporting sustained performance growth: Outlook 2. Quarterly Profit Trail confirmed, significantly raised profit forecast
During the second half of the year and next year, with the continued release of single crystal perc battery capacity and the combined effect of the multi-crystal production cost line as a “marginal capacity” that supports product prices, the single crystal silicon link is expected to drag short-term performance by stock impairment, and operational data are evident.
Keeping the view high for a long time. Although this will inevitably attract new entrants in some industries, considering the relatively high technical barriers to single crystal links, as well as the company's ability to make a profit at cost, R & D 4.
The company’s silicon business is expected to maintain a high profit rate while maintaining an absolute leading market share.
In terms of component operations, this year was only the first year of the company's overseas layout, with the offshore warehouse provider, the Lungi Stock Exchange, further improvements in the layout of channels such as the Treasury, improvements in the efficiency of internal management, and cumulative international market sales.
The positive circular effect of the growth in performance is expected to continue to increase the company’s share in the global market for photovoltaic components. At the same time, given the fact that the company’s component business will still need to purchase/process battery fragments from outside for some time to come (i.e., the internal battery production capacity is less than the output of the component), the price of the single crystal battery in the near future.
A large drop in the grid may add to the short-term profitability of the company’s component business. Based on the company’s latest business performance, we're upscaled to forecast silicon output throughout the year, downscaling silicon, and a silicon.
Cost projections for non-silicon components of operations, a small downward revision of the year-round forecast of power transfer earnings, adjusted company demand release of competing projects at a slower rate than expected; higher-than-expected expansion of production by new entrants in the industry; and analysis of the rates of related reports in the international trade market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment