I'd like you to take a quick look at the shares of Lungi, which are reported to be hundreds of millions of crystals, which will expand the moat.
Incident: The company issued its semi-annual report in 2019, with operating income of $14.11 billion, an increase of 41.09 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the current parent company was $2,010 million, an increase of 53.76 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, 2,943 million single silicon tablets were produced, of which 2,148 million were sold abroad, an increase of 183 per cent in the same year, a gain of $6,021 billion, an increase of 29.59 per cent in the same year, and a gross increase of 32.02 per cent in single silicone; and 3.19gw for the external sale of single crystal components, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year. Despite the low domestic market performance in the first half of the year, the company ' s overseas market grew.
The performance was remarkable, and the distribution area was further expanded, with foreign sales of overseas single crystal components reaching 2,423mw in the first half of the year, an increase of 252%, or 76% of the total external sales of single crystal components. Photovolts are now not only at par in most parts of the world, they are one of the lowest-priced energy sources, and import restrictions on efficient components have been lifted in Europe and America.
Export momentum was good, with domestic component exports of 37.74gw in January-July, an increase of 81 per cent over the previous year, and continued to look at overseas photovoltaics.
In the first half of the year, the silicon silicon silicon was consistently in short supply, and the price remained essentially at 3.1. The current silicon production capacity of 33gw, in the face of strong market demand, is on the way to the speedier production of the new production capacity, and the production of the silicon stick and the silicon silicon 15gw in Yunnan II has begun to climb the slope in the first half of next year.
It will be fully productive in the year; the Silvergawa Silicon Stick Project will be in place in the first half of next year and will be fully productive by the end of the year, with a single crystal silicon silicon production capacity of 65gw by the end of 2020, one year ahead of schedule. The single crystal assembly and battery production capacity will also reach 30gw and 20gw, respectively, by the end of 2021, and Lungi will continue to maintain a single crystal tap.
In parallel with the development of technology to optimize management, which has deepened and widened the moat, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development, amounting to $781 million in the first half of the year, accounting for 5.53 per cent of current revenues. The cost of silicon non-silica has fallen by 31.75 per cent through equipment modifications, process improvements, management upgrades, etc.
The most efficient, reliable, high-valued m6 silicon and he-mo4 components have been released to meet the market’s demand for efficient products. Lungi continuously optimizes management levels, with the first six months of inventory turnover and accounts receivable swing days being reduced by 18 days and 19 days, respectively, and the company’s moats in the single crystal light products field are deepening and widening.
Appendix: Financial statement projections
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City