Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation research -- a (601012ch)
We believe that the cost of producing silicon and high-efficiency components increases at a higher rate, and that the cost of producing products decreases even further. We believe that pre-profit data show that the company's profits in the first half of the year exceeded market expectations. As China’s photovoltaic market demand is released, we judge that the company’s sales of components will accelerate further in the second half of the year.
Xiaochuan has more than doubled the profits in the second quarter than in the first quarter. Lungi's profit advance announcement shows that the company's profits increased by 50-60% in the first half of the year, bringing the total to between $1.961 billion and $2,091 billion, which means two seasons of profits.
We believe that the outstanding first half of the year will exceed market expectations, because 1) the first half of the year the profits have reached the market, and we agree to expect about half of the RMB 4,077 million, while we expect that the volume of high-efficiency shipments in the second half of the year will accelerate further, by 49.7 per cent compared to the first half of the year; 2) the Māori rate of sales of silicon and high-efficiency components
The output of silicon and high-efficiency components in the first half of the year was strong; in the second half it was sold or re-listed. The output of silicon and high-efficiency components was 2,151 million pieces and 3.2 gigawatts, with a corresponding increase of 183.8 per cent and 21.4 per cent, based on our 2019 projections (4,177 million silicon tablets and 8 gigawatts), Lungi silicon and
We're still looking at Lungi's sales of monocrystal silicon products in the second half of 2019, taking into account that (a) the management level reveals that Lungi has identified 70% of the three-quarters of the high-efficiency package, and (b) the results of the recent National Energy Authority project indicate China.
In the second half of 2019, more than 25 gigawatts of light-voltage installation needs will be released. We believe that Lungi's sales label is not difficult to realize.  Signs a long-term silicon sales contract.
Energy has reached a sales agreement, selling 1.31 billion silicon tablets to each other in 2019-21. At the current silicon market price, the contract is worth $540 million, and we estimate that the contract silicon silicon volume will be divided between 2019-21, and about 6/10% of the Lonki silicon volume will be exported.
An upward adjustment of 5.9% of the 2019 profit forecast takes into account that Lungi’s control over the production costs of silicon and efficient components will help to elevate its leadership in the photovoltaic supply chain. The goal price is maintained at 28.00 yuan per share.
Please enter the 2019 Asian money coupons voting site and vote for your international research team on silver.