Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment.
During the reporting period, companies focused on raising the price of their customers, actively adapting to market changes, adapting marketing strategies, strengthening marketing and marketing management in priority areas, and increasing sales of key products, single crystal silicon and components, on an equal basis.
During the year, the company achieved 2,148 million external sales of monocrystal silicon, an increase of 183 per cent over the same year, 795 million of its own total equity/flow (millions of shares) and 3,193mw external sales of monocrystal components, an increase of 21 per cent over the same year.
265mw; 712mw for the external sale of single crystal batteries. During the reporting period, the company’s overseas market was the highest/minimum market for 12 months.
Largely, the growth in overseas income was significant, with the company ' s foreign stock of the foreign single crystal component (601012) sold abroad in January-June 2019 to 2,423mw, an increase of 252 per cent in the same year, accounting for 76 per cent of the total external sales of the single crystal component.
(601012) Annual and quarterly reviews -- led by the company, global monocrystal markets continue to grow at a high rate of sales and overseas operations as the value-for-money advantage of monocrystal products becomes more apparent.
The annual global monocrystal market share will rise to 62%, and will grow further in the future. (601012) Three-quarter reviews - production and sales - continued to increase investment in R & D and increased product competitiveness. Companies start by creating value for their customers.
The growth is clear, and the leadership remains the same, with a sustained focus on client needs, a sustained increase in R & D inputs and a rising value of products. In the first half of 2019, corporate R & D investments accumulated $781 million, representing current operating income.
5.53%; by the end of the reporting period, the company had accumulated 568 patents of various types. The company ' s research and development orientations in the areas of crystallization, slices, batteries, components, equipment and informatization have continued to grow as planned.
At the Shanghai Snec Fair in June 2019, the company released new products of high-efficiency, high-reliability and high-value m6 silicon and hi-mo4 components to the world, constantly meeting market demand for high-efficiency products and effectively leading and pushing them.
A further reduction in the combined costs of industrial chains and in the costs of electricity production has been introduced, and industry access to the Internet has been promoted at an affordable rate. Efficient production capacity has expanded at an accelerated rate, with clear technological cost advantages. According to the company ' s Product Performance Plan for the next three years (2019-2021), based on single crystallized capacity at the end of 2018.
Single crystald silicon rods/silicon silicon tablet production capacity reached 65gw by the end of 2021, single crystal battery output reached 20gw by 2021 and single crystal component capacity reached 30gw by the end of 2021, with silicon silicon output roots, Lungi shares (601012) - high performance growth, and overseas market expansion was significant
Year. In order to safeguard the market demand for efficient monocrystal products, the company accelerated the build-up of its capacity. As at the date of disclosure of this report, the 10gw monocrysilica project (phase 1) and the 5gw component project in Kyongzhou had been completed, the Yunnan II monocrysilicon rod, silicon silicon project had accelerated, and single crystal capacity had been developed.
The advantages of size have been further consolidated to maximize market efficiency in the supply of monocrystal capacity. In addition, companies have further reduced the non-silicon cost of their products through equipment modifications, process improvements, management upgrades, and 31.75 per cent for silicon tablets in January-June 2019.
Investment advice: The firm’s deep-deep-farming, monocrystal technology route has great advantages in cost, efficiency, and management. With the advent of a flat-priced Internet access in the photovoltaic industry, the company, as a monocrystal giant and $1.81 yuan/share, gives a “buy-in” rating of p22, 17 and 15 times.
Lungi shares (601012) - high growth in performance, significant growth in overseas markets
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.