The continued expansion of monocrystal production and improved operational efficiency are evident in the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre ' s summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report, which in 2019 generated $14.11 billion in h1, an increase of 41.1 per cent.
The net return to the mother was 2.01 billion yuan, an increase of 53.8 per cent over the year, and the combined Māori rate of 26.2 per cent, an increase of 3.6 percentage points over the same year. Of this amount, q2 received $8.4 billion, an increase of 28.6 per cent over the same period, achieved a rapid increase in sales during the first half of the year of the net return to the mother ' s profit, and followed-up capacity planning exceeded expectations: the total export of silicon tablets by 2019h1 was about the same amount
The total external sales of components were approximately 3.2gw, or 21 per cent, compared with 2,150 million tablets, the completion of the 10gw single crystal silicon tablets project (phase I) and the 5gw components in Kyongzhou, the acceleration of the Yunnan II single crystal silicon rods, silicon silicon silicon projects, and further consolidation of the strength of the single crystal production capacity to the maximum extent possible.
The company’s silicon production capacity is expected to reach 65gw by the end of 2020, one year ahead of schedule, based on current construction progress.
Actively expanding the overseas market, H1 components sold 2,423mw overseas in 2019, an increase of 252%, or 76% of the total external sales of monocrystal components.
As the cost of q3 non-silicon continues to fall, the company’s rate of silicon Maori will continue to improve in the second half of the year. Business efficiency has improved, and cash flow has improved significantly: the company’s net operating cash flow in the first half of the year was $2.43 billion, an increase of 108% over the same period, except for the industry’s own improvement in cash flow due to a decline in the share of subsidies.
The efficiency of operations has also improved significantly, with a 18-day reduction in the q2 inventory swing days in 2019 and a 19-day reduction in the accounts receivable week round days.
For 20x, 14x, and 12x, single crystal silicon is one of the most intense segments of the market 's supply and demand structure this year, and profitability will continue to be high in the second half of the year, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
The monocrystal taps are firmly in place (2019-05-05) Assuming that the company ' s photovoltaic silicon production capacity continues to increase and is expected to reach 40gw, 65gw, 90gw, respectively, by the end of 19-21, with capacity utilization and sales rates of more than 90 per cent.
Assumption 2: the company's battery and component capacity has been continuously upgraded, and the monocrystal battery capacity was achieved by the end of 2019-2021, respectively, without, and without, obtaining any form of direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.