We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
1h19yearstosurgeby 50-60% yoy targetprice
Somary.longireasedpositiveprofitert, state119yearswould surgeyy 50-60%yoyonthebackof1)lapidwaferandmodulesegrowand 2)improvingproducests.weblieve119yearsbeatconsensusestimatates ,
I don't know, chinasolsector and 2h19modulesalleswillwillillyacceleratewitthpvdemandreaseinchinina.
• 2q19yearsmorethandoubledqoq.longi'sprofitalertstatedthat
1x19yearswouldacaccountfor ~halfof consensionsarningoffrmb4,077mn, whilewesee2hmoduleshipto accelerateewithohgrrowthof49.7%; and 2) gpmframwaterandmodule
I've been trying to get a hold of you, ladiesbetterthanourestimatates. I've been trying to get a hold of you for a while, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been trying to get you out of here for a while, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been trying to get you out of here, and I've been doing this for a while, and I've been thinking about this, and I've got this, and I've been thinking about this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this, and I've got this,
I mean, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, icewater, and 8.0 gwmodulesales.
We expect more than 25gwpv installationdemandinachinatereasein 2 19 witsnea'srecentproject bidddingresults.believelongi'sssalestargetwillwillbeillyfulfilled.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
In 2019-21withBoyize (New Energy for North Ningpo River). Basedoncurrentwafer 12-mthpriceperformance spotmarketprice, the Contractingworth$540mn, andweestimatatethe
Contactwatershiprepresents ~6 per cent.10 per cent 9 per centoflongi'swaterexportnal salesvolumein 2019-21e. rasefy19eearningsupby 5.9 per cent.basedonvisedgpmoutbookfor
Longi'sbetter-than-expectedwaferandmodule productioncostscontrol, we recallly.webelievelongi's 119performanviewenhancesleding positioninpvproductpropplychain.reuteratebuytpunchantedat
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
"Longi-a" (601012ch, initiation)
-theworld'slargestmono-si "longi-a (601012ch)-mono-percleadingwateringrid--
I don't know, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions and bisdoesnotprovideindividulytailloredinvendmentationmentation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Oranyinterestinsecuritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neothers and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officeers oremployeesshelelbelelableforanylos, damageorensewhatever, whereotherdirectorconsequential, incurredinding theinformation containingthisreport.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it.
The publicisations are different from the generalisation, point-of-viewanalyticalmethodswhencompiling.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but it's not a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you.
Order 2005 (asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49 (2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc. ),oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanyothorpersonswofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis. thisportidentendedforfordstor"majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedrule15a-6undertheus, secrities15a-6unders.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.