Aai terminal hardware manufacturing platform Aai terminal equipment and a communications smart manufacturing platform. Aai terminal equipment and communications industry means the development, production, sale and related services of aai terminal equipment and communications equipment, according to the end product.
The applications can be divided into ai terminal equipment plate and a communications plate. The i terminal equipment plate covers various types of artificial intelligence (ai) terminal electronic products, including consumer electronic products such as smartphones, laptops, flatboard computers, smart wear equipment, data centre equipment, large uniforms, etc.
Business-level electronics, such as servers, industrial controls, power supply equipment, and innovative electronics such as Extension Reality (xr).
Commercial, the company provides, on a global scale, the sophisticated functionality, structure, module, etc. of the industrial chain, one-stop smart manufacturing services and solutions for the operation of the ai terminal equipment. The company has the technology of processes such as mutilation, pressurization, cnc and emulation, and the downstream application of electronic related products.
The Division is actively developing a platform for the manufacture of ai terminal hardware, accelerating exploration in the area of artificial intelligence hardware, and keeping an eye on the innovation and upgrading of robot-related cutting-edge technologies around which xr and robotics are included.
At the same time, companies apply artificial intelligence, robotic research and development to the industrial solution of automated production at the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks.
The programme, which combines multi-purpose, multifunctional digital control and automation equipment developed autonomously, is aimed at building state-of-the-art and nationally leading smart production workshops and building modern and efficient smart factories.
With regard to smart phones, companies are actively trying to use new materials in response to the main trends in high-end low-quantisation and optimization of screen phones.
Carbon fibres are designed, developed and produced in folding screen structures, optimizing the chain and screen structures, extending the useful life and reducing the impact of the fold marks and overall body weight.
The industry’s top-level customers have adopted corporate carbon fibre structure devices and achieved mass production.
With regard to human robots, human robots are downstream in the application of corporate products, companies are looking back at the opening of market opportunities for human robots, and companies have signed a memorandum of understanding with Hansonroboticslimited.
The company has core technical capabilities in the design, manufacture and application of robotics, as well as the ability to integrate systems such as automated programs.
The technology should include collusive robots, flat joint robots, six-axis industrial robots, micro, mini-six-axis industrial robots, cyborgs, simulating arms robots, super-high-precision double-workers, etc.
Programming, wide application, and can drive industrial robots. The csv decelerations developed by the company belong to the evolution type of the rv decelerator, developed on the basis of the traditional needles, with a compact structure, high rigidity, high accuracy, low noise, larger speed, light size,
Small-scale efficiency, etc.. Shenzhen City's Intelligent Technology Ltd. can provide design, engineering and manufacturing solutions for industrial robots and machine-man manufacturing equipment. The volume of products associated with company robotics operations depends on the needs of downstream customers and industry development, and the workers are currently involved.
Communications, the positive layout of automobile operations. With regard to communications operations, companies have continued to develop and provide communications equipment to important clients, with the advantage of strong R & D capabilities in communications research and development and long-term accumulation of technology and experience in sophisticated functional and structural software operations.
Core components. The company ' s products cover base station filters, binoculars, backbone network back-to-back binoculars, modem doubles, polarized ortho-transactioners (omt), outdoor combined circuit bullet (ocu), etc. 5g base station devices, components, and subsystems. The company relies on leading sophisticated manufacturing, R & D designs and sub-systems.
In addition, electronics in cars are available wirelessly, fast-filled, and self-developed coils are better equipped to match brand-based charging protocols.
To meet simultaneous charging between different equipments. Building a unique competitive advantage for firms in terms of precision manufacturing, R & D design capabilities for consumer electronic accumulation. Competition patterns in industries exacerbate risks; price volatility of raw materials; and downstream demand less than expected;
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.