The acquisition of Jiang Sokuda and the acceleration of automobile operations: December 7, 2024, launch of Guangdong Intelligent Inc.
In the case of bonds and cash payments for the purchase of assets and the collection of matching funds, it is proposed to purchase 66.46 per cent of Jiangsucoda shares and raise matching funds through the issuance of convertable corporate bonds and cash payments.
\triangleright fundraisers raise matching funds by issuing shares up to 100% of the price of asset transactions for issuing convertable corporate bonds and issuing shares up to the amount required for issuing the matching fund prior to issuance. ]
30% of the total stock stock of the city company. The company will trade in 66.46% of Jiangsukoda stock held by the other party through debt transfer and cash payment. When the deal is completed, Jiang Sukoda will be paid.
The purchase of the object of the in- and out-of-the-box decorations and the quality of the customer's resources.
The main product consists of four main categories: dashboards, by-boards, door panels, poles, etc.
A system of certification for a number of well-known first-class car manufacturers, such as cars, cars, cars, etc., and customer resources 1. Quality of three-quarterly reporting points in 2024 (00260.sz).
With regard to core technology, Jiang Sukoda has developed a technical system covering a wide range of structural design, model development, mold customization, product manufacturing, testing, etc., which has been identified as the Gang.
3. In mid-2024, IQU (00260.sz) reported the following: The Center for Automotive Engineering and Engineering Research in Su Province, the Enterprise Technology Centre in Jiangsu Province, and the Industrial Design Centre in Jiangsu Province.
\triangleright 4. \triangleright 4.  (00260.sz) Incident evaluation: spare parts for mobile phones, pc, tablets, wearables, mr, robotics, etc. supplied by multiple terminal manufacturers in the possession of employees
And modular components, which have benefited significantly from the wave of the ai terminal; in recent years, the company has been active in the development of automobile-related products, mainly in the production of cellular structural products such as core aluminium casings, caps, transects, and soft connectivity, 5. Ingenuity (00260.sz) in 2024.
Prospective evaluation: Performance meets expectations, deep-farming end-intelligence platform 2024/07/07 spare parts and mold products, enrichment of the company ' s vehicle area product matrix, sharing of customer resources and taking the lead
The congenial manufacturing capacity will also give Sukuda the power to develop better synergies. \triangleright platform is at the heart of the current wave of terminals, and the acquisition is expected to lead to the company’s automobile industry.
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.