The three-quarterly review of 2024: q3 performance resumed growth, leading to an upward trend in end-of-state heat radiation, which was triggered by changes in product structure and loss of currency exchange, sharp income growth and a slight impact on profits before the company.
3-quarter income of $31,490 million, corresponding to 28% of the year, a net return to the mother of $1.41 billion, corresponding to 25% of the year, a net profit of $1.19 billion, corresponding to 30% of the year. Single-q3 quarter revenue ends benefit from the bright performance of large North American clients entering traditional reserve seasons and end products, and
In the third quarter, the company’s main sophisticated piece business grew rapidly, adding up the profitability of the ai terminal manufacturing sector, which led to a significant recovery in the company’s performance in the third quarter. The profit-side effects were mainly due to changes in product structure and increased module-related income, resulting in a slight decline in the overall Māori ratio, while at the same time it was a small decline in the overall Māori ratio.
In the long run, we believe that the company’s performance is still expected to benefit from an increase in the penetration rate of the terminal. ai drives the electronic upscaling of consumption, the core of the card radiator.
The high-intelligence and high-precision computing needs of Bupleintelligence have resulted in high arithmetic consumption, and radiating is a central part of the hardware upgrade of the ai. The company now has radiative parts such as heat pipes, ultra thin mean heat panels, research and development of radiative modules, water cooling modules, and production energy.
The company is therefore expected to become a core supplier of terminal radiating parts and components. In addition, the company is deeply involved in North America.
The client's `distribution + power + fast charge' program, with a clear card advantage and a low position in its supply chain, "Ingenuity (002600): Three-quarterly reports went up in 2023, with a clear prospect of benefiting from the i-hardware wave.
Q: The profits are over-expected, the global multi-mixed market has grown in proportion to the demand of the industry, and this year q4 is expected to continue its q3 performance.
The share of traditional products, such as swipes, punches, cnc, sofegoods, is expected to rise further on the client side, and key customer end product and feed numbers continue to grow, and traditional operations are expected to grow on a high base. In addition, this year q4 Andre Industries has a high frequency of new generators, and next year q1 overseas mobile phones.
Intelligent (002600): 2023 mid-point, the factory is expected to open up new products, and the domestic Andre is expected to create demand-side resonance with overseas clients, with a significant increase in profitability and long-term growth.
q4 is expected to continue its performance this year.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: high base for pull-up based on industry 2023 °3 and 2024
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.