q3 Performance is bright, a1-side a1 accelerates the roll-out of the Nucleus-Intelligent (00260.sz) incident assessment report.
$1.405 billion, a 24.85 per cent decline in the same year; hepc@cfsc.com.cn 24q3 performance doubles in the same year, with a steady increase in profitability
q3 achieves a Māori sales rate of 17.21 per cent and a ring increase of 2.19 pct; achieves a sale of ai mobile phones, aipc starting at the start, where the radiant solution manufacturer takes the lead at the industry level and ends up with the development of the technology.
End acceleration. In a major trend in the field of electronics for ai-containment, ai-phones and aipcs are expected to take the lead. According to idc, global ai-phones in 2028 will reach 912 million and cagr in 2023-2028, 78.4 per cent;
At the product level, apples are expected to launch a new iphone with significant changes in 2025. The iPhone 17 will be on board.
A more comprehensive and differentiated generation of artificial intelligence or applications that are expected to be in place.
Lead core suppliers to long-term good 2024 - move to a new wave. On aipc, a new macbookpro, full of high-performance M4 series chips, m4 with a maximum of 10 nuclear cpu, integration of 4
Performance cores and up to six energy-efficient cores, with a 1.8-fold increase in performance over m1.
A new era. The endside aai landing will inevitably lead to an increase in demand for evaporation, and the vc hotboard will become the “hard core” of the ai terminal, gradually become the mainstream of the ai cell phone and pc heat evaporation programmes and accelerate progress towards hyper thinning, structural simplicity and low cost.
According to Yanoresearch, the size of the global average hotboard market in 2025 will reach $587 million, compared with 23.5% in 2022-2025. We believe that the rising importance of heat radiating will continue to accompany the big trend in the field of the e-consumption of an individual.
In the area of the i terminal, the company has the capacity to produce various radiative products, modules, and various functional materials.
The company currently provides customers with radiating products such as radiative parts, empty cold radiating modules, water cooling modules, graphite chips, conductor pads, heat-guiding glue, etc. Vc all heat board evaporation programmes for different materials such as copper, stainless steel, pure titanium, etc.
Thermoboards are used primarily for high-end products, with lighter and better heat radiative properties than copper-based homogenesis. The company’s super thin vc heat board and radiative solutions have been loaded and delivered on multiple high-end mobile phone models.
In terms of functional materials, companies are able to supply heat, electromagnetic shield, ceramic fibre-based materials.
Core suppliers of fruit are expected to continue to benefit from increased demand for evaporation of consumer electronics in the face of trends in artificial intelligence development. The Division, as a core supplier of apples, is expected to continue to benefit by maintaining its “buy-in” investment.
Macroeconomic disturbances; concentration of risks for large clients; vc heat panels below expectations.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.