q3 with a record high in revenue and a clear profit cut-off point Events: 30 October, 3-quarter newspaper 2024, company \triangleright \triangleright
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company's share of major clients continued to rise, with gross operating income reaching a record high of $1 billion, with a significant increase of 208.13 per cent in the parent net profit margin. Moreover, while maintaining R & D inputs, the company optimizes its product structure, improves its cost control, and improves overall.
The efficiency of operations has been increasing, with 3q24 having a combined Māori ratio of 17.21%, qoq+2.19pt. + battery + fast resonance, building a platform for the manufacture of aai terminal hardware.
The income from robotic products grew faster, some new products significantly increased their operating income, carbon fibre products, radiated modules, battery modules, etc., and end-related zero-component revenues went hand in hand with Māori; 24h1, M. 2. Ingenuity (00260.sz) reported in mid-2024
The Department's automobile business achieved income of $1.018 billion, an increase of 42.90 per cent. 24h1, photovoltaic storage operations, was evaluated: performance was as expected, the end-of-the-road smart-skill income now stands at $399 million, a decrease of 56.35 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of a decline in client order stages.
The company's heat radiating products cover the entire industry chain, including ultra-feat, 3. In-scientious (00260.sz) event evaluation: employees hotboards, heat radiating parts, radiator modules, radiator panels, liquid cooling systems, graphite chips, conductor pads, heat conductor
The company's super thin vcs, such as copper, stainless steel, pure titanium, etc., and radiative solutions.
Pronouncements: Performance meets expectations, Deep Farming Terminal Smart Applecoo Visit to China, value of the supply chain is high.
Chief Operations Officer Jeff visited China to look at one of the core suppliers: Ingenuity. In a 24-year Quarterly Review of Apple Core: Performance is steadily growing, Deep Farming One of the suppliers, providing thousands of model components and parts for Apples, involving Mac, iphone, ipad, etc.
As of 24h1, the company has accumulated 1,908 patents, of which 292 are inventions, 1,562 are practical and new patents.
54 patents, 6,090 R & D. Terminals + new energy areas, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.