A detailed reading of the semi-annual 2020 report of the Quan Chamber of Commerce and Industry The growth of the harvest was accelerated on 28 August 2020.
The net profit from maternity in the first half of the year fell by 9.89 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the lower cost base resulting from health insurance contributions and the increase in the provision during the second quarter of the previous year, when the short-term impact was eliminated, the net profit from non-patrimony increased at a much faster rate than the net profit of commercial banks, which increased at a rate of 9.41 per cent, and the company ' s profitability was not at risk.
The six-month net return profit was increased by 2.99 pct by a year-on-year drop in comparison with the quarter, owing to the negative impact of a larger increase in the provision, which was greater than the positive effect of a narrower net difference and a slower cost-on-year increase. * Net interest differentials were stable and asset and liability structures were optimized.
This is due to a combination of lower rates of return on loans and peer assets: interest-bearing liabilities have a lower cost of 7bp than in the first quarter, mainly because of lower rates of interest on the peer market. Companies have continued to optimize the asset-liability structure by increasing the average daily balance of loans as a percentage of interest-bearing assets in the first half of the year and the average daily balance of deposits as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities by 1.88 pct and 62bp, respectively, in 2019.
As the asset and liability structure is further optimized, the downward pressure on corporate interest margins is expected to be somewhat reduced. Quality of assets, strong capital advantages, very strict classification of corporate lending, with loans more than 90 days overdue at the end of the second season falling as a percentage of non-performing loans compared with the end of the previous year.
Corporate assets are of good quality, asset structures continue to be optimized, capital abundance is expected to support the accelerated expansion of the company’s size, and the start-up of small-scale gold companies and agro-businesses is expected to boost the company’s financial management and operational capacity, contributing to the growth of middle-level business revenues. Asset quality fluctuations, declining interest-rate poles, and economic recovery are not as high as expected.
1. Reincarnated agricultural comptoirs (601077): Increase in non-net profits and decrease in the rate of undesirable production 2. Reincarnation comptoirs (601077): healthy quality of assets, individual
On August 26, the company published its semi-annual report for 2020, and its net profit fell by 9.89 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly because the city government in Chongqing oversaw large health insurance contributions for retired employees during the same period the previous year.
As a result of the lower cost base, companies increased their provision in the second quarter. After excluding the short-term impact, net profits were deducted from the non-mortality, which increased by 4.42% over the same period, well above the net profit increase of commercial banks, which increased by 9.41%, and the company’s profitability remained strong.
The main positive factors are that the net difference is equal to the net difference in the first half of the year, and structural optimization is expected to relieve downward pressure. The cumulative annualized net interest gap of companies in the first half of the year was 2.3%, a decrease of 3bp from 2019, but a generally flat rate of return on assets in the first half of the year.
The lower cost rate of 7bp in the first quarter is due mainly to the downside of the active liability rate with the interest rate of the partner market. Companies continue to optimize the asset-liability structure, with lower-cost deposits and higher-return ratios increasing the ratio of loans. The average daily balance of loans in the first half of the year accounts for a living. The retail transition continues, with loans being invested in low-risk industries.
Individual loans rose from 33bp to 37.45% of total loans at the end of the year, with individual mortgages and private loans increasing by 19bp and 10bp, respectively. In public lending, the share of low-risk leasing and business sector loans in total loans dropped by 64bp.
72bp. Optimizing lending investment has somewhat eased the upward pressure on the rate of non-performing loans. At the end of the second season, the rate of non-performing individual loans was equal to 0.71 per cent at the end of the previous season. At the end of the second season, the rate of non-performing public loans was raised by 10bp to 1.79 per cent. The overall non-performing rate ring was stronger than the non-performing loan recognition, and the negative rate ring was only marginally higher.
More than 90 days of credit deviations (i.e. percentage of non-performing loans) were lower than the previous year ' s end, ranging from 2.50 pct to 53.39 per cent, with very limited impact: the rate of non-performing loans at the end of the second season was 1.28 per cent, a slight increase of 1 bp at the end of the first season, well below the rate of 1.94 per cent for commercial banks and 4.22 per cent for agricultural firms, which were low in the list of banks; and the concern group representing the stress generated by non-performing loans was also limited.
This is a small increase from 9bp to 2.41% at the end of the previous year, and is within the range of controls.
Capital abundance is significant, and asset expansion ammunition is abundant. At the end of the second season, the company’s core-level capital adequacy rate and first-level capital replenishment are high because all three indicators are in the forefront of the listed banks, and the buffer zone is up to 4.86 pct and up to the bottom of the regulatory requirement.
Figure 10: Richness of capital at all levels of the comptoirs: Figure 11: Strong advantages in capital adequacy at the core level of the comptoirs
The asset-liability structure continues to be optimized; asset classification is rigorous and asset quality is reliable; capital abundance is strong and the scope for expansion is wide. In addition, the Chongqing Small Consumption Finance Corporation, the National System of Agricultural Businesses and the West’s first fully-funded subsidiary, the All-Governance Finance Company, has been allowed to operate since May and is expected to upgrade the company’s finances and finances in the future.
We predict that the company ' s net return profits for the period 2020-2022 will increase at a rate of forecast data for corporate financial statements, respectively, and work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. We've done research in finance, electricity, and color-related industries.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.