Aoshima beer (168.hk/60000.ch): The epidemic has resulted in a step-by-step valuation of a/h; an upscaling of h to “buy-in”, maintenance of a “take-in” rating — net profit of 1q22 is slightly better than expected: sale of green bells in March due to the impact of the Shandong epidemic
This also led to a 2.8% drop in sales of 1q22 as a whole, with revenue growth of only 3%, which is basically what we expected. Fortunately, the sales of 1q22 as a major brand increased by 5% in comparison, pushing the overall structure of the company for further improvement. This also helped the company to increase the overall unit price of 1q22 as a whole.
The company ' s optimal construction of price increases and products such as Qingdao Classics and 1903 at the beginning of January largely offsets the pressure on raw material prices and stabilizes the company ' s Māori ratio of 1q22 compared to the same price. The company ' s 1q22 significantly reduced sales costs (by 5% from the same year) and sales costs.
The same rate drops by 120 bps, while the core operating profit rate expands by 120 bps. It also increases the net profit of 1q22 by 10% over the same period, higher than the market forecast. We do not think that the performance of the blisters is worthy of excessive market excite, because cutting market inputs can increase profits in the short term, but it cannot be.
For beer brands, continued market input is an important driver of the competitiveness of brands. • The March epidemic affected a lot, and the April ring improved: Shandong market accounted for 57% of its overall revenue in 2021, and therefore the Shandong epidemic has had a greater impact on its sales in March (estimated at the same time).
And Shanghai is one of the important markets for beer, which we estimate to be about 50% in Shanghai and 4-5% in Shanghai as a whole. So, at the end of March, Shanghai began to control the epidemic.
Despite the impact of the epidemic in the short term, we estimate that, as the outbreak in Shandong Province subsides, sales in April will be much better than in March.
Income projections remain the same, but given the positive cost controls of the company, we're moving up v/ebitda, with a 20% discount on international brand values. Blonde, though growing, and Qingdao beer (600600.ch)
High-end space is less than the main competitor, but there is no doubt that for a Chinese beer player with a long and well-defined brand, the value level of the Hong Kong stock is attractive. We use 13xev/ebitda (mostly the same as the international brand average) for the green beer.
Ratings. We use 22 x 2022eev/ebitda (70% premium relative to h shares) for blistering, and any signs of mitigation of the disease will benefit the blistering stock.
3) The epidemic continues to affect current drinking channels; 4) increased competition in the market.
== sync, corrected by elderman == @e @e @e @e == sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man
Figure 4: Changes in financial projections
Spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario (168.hk) Pessimism scenario: corporate income and profitability increase less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate income and profitability increase better than expected
(b) The company's operating profit margin in 2022 grew by 150 bps on a year-on-year basis.
Promising and pessimistic scenario assumptions (600600.ch) Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profit rates increase less than expected
(b) The company's operating profit margin level increased by 150 bps (lost) in 2022.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.