High-end momentum is gaining momentum, faster profits are releasing – Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) in depth reports, higher-end momentum is gaining momentum, faster profits are releasing.
Investment proposal: High-end is gaining momentum and upgrading accelerates the release of profit elasticity. The beer industry is clear, the Qingdao beer (600600.sh) and the high-end logic is being fulfilled, but the market is somewhat divided about the profit elasticity of the green bean.
Worrying about the impact of higher-end competition on profit margins. We believe that the acceleration of product structure in Shandong and Huabei markets + cost elasticity relative to reduced emissions will outpace market expectations.
In the high-end dividends of the industry, the 100-year-olds are rich, and the product channels are highly superior.
It's a 100-year-old beer-breeding company with a strong brand base and excellent product quality. It's the third best brand in the Chinese wine industry, and it's the first in the beer industry.
Channel: Large client plus deep distribution is adapted to local conditions, high-end liquor operations are experienced, rich, and well-established. The income from a 2021-year-old bottle of wine is $3742, with a level of $4,500-4700 for heavy beverages and a thousand-litre bottle in Bwai Asia and the Pacific, and the structure of the company ' s products.
20-25% of the scope for upgrading. During the previous price war, the advantage of the beam was not prominent, but under the high-end dividends of the industry, the bead was expected to be able to perform at the end of the performance with brand power plus product power plus channel strength, looking at future product structural upgrades, and we look forward to the company’s focus on market strategies along the Yellow River basin.
The base market is well-known: the green bean is the best beneficiary of local market size benefits and brand premiums. The back-to-back share (%) is in absolute advantage in Shandong Province, where companies produce the highest volume of beer in the country, with 78% in the interior of the province and city.
In 2021, Shandong and the North China market contributed 64% and 27% of net profits, respectively, but the product structure was low, with both medium- and short-term markets.
High-endization will accelerate the release of profit elasticity. 2) Port area expansion period: In the long run, brand recognition and enhanced marketing team capacity will help companies build up five base markets in Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Gilling, Liaoning and Henan, forming strong markets along the Yellow River basin and continuing the high-end logic.
Stock price catalyst: recovery of current drinking channels after resumption of work, increase in major brand sales during the consumer season faster than expected, increase in regional market prices, growth along the yellow market more than expected Risk factors: recurrent outbreaks, increased competition for high-end beer, higher prices for raw materials
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Qingdao beer is gaining momentum and upgrading is accelerating the release of profit elasticities. The beer industry has a clear pattern and high-end logic is working, but the market is somewhat divided about the profit elasticity of the bean, worried about the impact of higher-end competition on profit rates, but we believe that the pace of product structural upgrading in Shandong Province and the North China market + the cost-effectiveness of reducing the release benefits.
The elasticity is expected to outpace market expectations. We expect the cagr to collect 6.4% in 2021-2023 as a net profit for mothers. First, the competition pattern is clear, and high-end leads the industry out of low-profit business. The beer industry has a strong asset and real estate niche.
After 2014, the industry moved from the incremental era to the stock age, which began in 2018, with a rapid build-up of the price belt of $8-12, with the industry actively involved in the beer-upping process. During the previous price war, the green beak was not prominent, but under the industry’s high-end dividend, the green bead was expected to be branded.
The company is a 100-year-old beer-breeding company with a strong brand base, with a third-higher brand value in the Chinese wine industry and a higher degree of consumer recognition of its brand. Product: the company’s high-end wines are rich, with pure + classic 1903+ white beams growing brightly, and Qingdao’s classic cards are 6-8.
Channels: Large client + deep distribution is adapted to local conditions, high-end liquor operations are experienced and distributor systems are well developed. After 2017, companies will optimize their costs, concentrate their channel costs on medium- and high-end alcohol, and increase their return of high-end alcohol. In 2021, the sum of 1,000 litres of alcohol will be $3742, with a level of $4,500-4700 for heavy beverages and a thousand-litre wine in Baewi Asia and the Pacific, and the public sector will be able to raise the price of high-end alcohol.
Looking ahead to the future process of upgrading the product structure, the company will continue to implement the regional market strategy “Step up on the yellow, rejuvenate the coast, liberate the river.” 1) Stabilize the city’s share along the yellow strategic belt and optimize the product structure, resulting from Hejillao, Nemon, and Henan.
5 new base markets, fast-disbursing; 2) reduction and focus in strategic areas along the river; 3) loss in strategic coastal zones in the short and medium term, with the upgrading of product structures in Shandong Province and the North China Market, releasing profit elasticity. 1) Shandong Province: In terms of competition patterns, companies are 78% in the interior of the province and are in absolute advantage, whereas Shandong is the country's first-ever beer province, compared to the heavyweight province
The low product structure in the province (a thousand litres of wine in the province of Aoyagi, $3713 vs, and a thousand tons of wine in the northwest, $4701) is bound to attract competitors to the high-end process. The competitive advantage of the broom is in the interior of the province, the efficiency of the department's size (17 factories vs, 3 factories) and brand recognition, and the difficulty of marketing medium- and high-end liquor.
The coefficient is smaller. 2) The North China market: similar to the problem in Shandong Province, the low structure of the product in China, the revenue from 1,000 litres of alcohol in 2021 is $3606, and the overall level of the label company is still low at $3741, with greater scope for upgrading. In 2021, Shandong Province and the North China market contributed 64% and 27%, respectively, to net profits, and the future upgrading of the product structure in both markets will release corporate profit elasticities.
Long-term, expansion along the yellow basin base market, and continuation of the high-end logic. It is clear that the strong market of the company has synergies between Shandong and Shaanxi that the two main base markets will continue to radiate the surrounding markets of Shanxi and Hebei. With increased brand recognition and marketing team capacity, the company is expected to build five base markets in Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Gilling, Liaoning, and Henan, heading inland to Blue Sea City.
Field expansion, resulting in a strong market along the Yellow River basin, continues the high-end logic.2 Historical review: a glass of sea and a hundred-year-old beer beers company, located in Qingdao, Shandong Province, is engaged in beer production and sales.
The German beer company Qingjia, a businessman founded in 1903, completed the reform of the stock system in 1993 and was listed on the Hong Kong Exchange on 15 July and on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 27 August, raising $1.6 billion to become the first company to be listed in the beer industry and the first company to be listed in the country.
The company's main brands are Qingdao's beer masters and Qingshan's sub-brands, which include Qingdao's beer classics, Classic 1903, August, White Pearson, Pearson, 58 fully-owned and controlled beer producers and 2 joint-owned beer producers in each province, leading to nationalization.
Billion dollars, equal + 8.7%, net return to mother $3.16 billion, same +43.6%, green beer income cagr 2019-2021 1996-2001: a development strategy centred on “brand-led” asset restructuring, large-scale, strong advantage, size-oriented. In 1996, the new management, Peng and Li Guixiang, took office and began a radical reform of the company.
A development strategy centred on a “brand-led” reorganization of assets. The massive expansion of the beer industry in the country triggered a post-war break-up in the military, with more than 10 businesses formed in the three provinces of East and Anhui and Sichuan through acquisition and holding of shares, reaching 3 million litres in 2001. In 1996-2001, the beer was acquired through total bankruptcy, debt mergers and acquisitions, investment controls, etc.
This year, the company’s head office collects 45.3% cagr, with sales amounting to 65.2%, which is significantly higher than the industry level of 4.8%; Yun is Chairman of the Board; and Kim Chi Guo is Managing Director. Kim Chi Guo has slowed the pace of expansion, moved from an expansive expansion to an implicit growth, optimized resource allocation for the wine factory that is being bought and bought, and upgraded the product structure through branding.
In April 2003, the broom signed a Strategic Investment Agreement with the United States company Anheuser-busch (Anhes-Bush), which targeted an additional 300 million shares in debt and financed a total of HK$ 1.4 billion. In April 2005, ab completed a full exchange of shares, increasing the shareholding ratio from 5% in 2003 to 27% in the Qingdao City State, which is a major shareholder.
With the introduction of strategic investors, the bane draws on the advanced ideas of ab, which have had a significant impact on the subsequent taste-consistency process, brand integration, and sports marketing. In 2005, the bane was signed as a sponsor of the 2008 Beijing Olympics, moving into sports marketing, and has since successfully collaborated with international events such as the Nba, cba, and Yaccup competitions.
In the same year, the corporate branding strategy was defined as the “1+3” brand strategy, whereby three major regional brands, namely, mountain beer, mountain beer and Hans beer, are oriented towards the public market, based on the same pattern of branding for medium- and high-end markets.
This strategy continued until 2010. In 2002-2006, company beer revenue was 13.9%, cagr sales were 11.0%, significantly lower than 22.7%, and 1,000 litres of wine income was 1.4%. Figure 4: Green beer income was 13.9%, 2002-2006
Figure 5: Litre sales in 2006 were 5.31 million litres, exceeding the price of beer in figure 6: company beer sales in 2002-2006 were significantly lower than the price of beer in figure 7: in 2005, the beer was contracted as a sponsor for the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing
2007 - 2010: Integrated and expanded development strategies that were carefully expanded, integrated and carried out in a balanced manner. At the end of 2006, the internal integration of the brewery that was previously bought was nearing its end, and the domestic beer market is still in the process of consolidation. Since 2000, it has been growing rapidly, with 5.3 million litres sold in 2006, surpassing 4.54 million litres for the first time, with competition and competition in the market.
A new development strategy for integration and expansion, with a balance of benefits, has been proposed by the management of the barbeque: 1) to strengthen brand integration, increase the sales of the main brand, and raise the income of the wine by a thousand litres; 2) to achieve a historic leap in the scale of production through self-building projects and M & A expansion of productive capacity. In 2008, split deals in the barbeans could be transferred to raise $1.5 billion for expansion of productive capacity.
During the year, the company built and relocated more than 10 new production bases in the country, and acquired high-quality regional markets from abroad, with a total of about 3.78 million litres of new production. Regional markets, the company’s deep-deep base, and the increase in production capacity of 138 million litres in the provinces through the acquisition of the Tiannan Springs, tobacco, alcohol, and self-built factories have expanded their reach from Qingdao City to other Shandong markets.
In contrast to the 2007 - 2010 sector, the company grew second only to the lubricant, with 13.2% income, 13.6% less than lubricant, 7.9% sales, 10.2% less than lubricant, and 4.9% income from 1,000 litres of wine. Figure 8: Bread beer earned slightly more than lubricant between 2007 and 2010
The company previously focused on product quality upgrading and branding, with the share of high-end products rising from 13% in 2009 to 17% in 2011, but most of China ' s beer consumption is low-end, with medium-end and high-end alcohol contributing only marginally to the company ' s market share and sales. In 2010, it achieved 9.28 million litres.
The following year, 10.24 million litres of sales became the country’s first annual beer factory with more than 10 million litres of sales, compared to only 6.35 million litres in 2010. In 2011, corporate personnel unrest and the resignation of former marketing executives, Kim Chi-goo, the chairman of the marketing committee, Sun Mingbo took over as chairman, Huang Ke-hing took over as president, and proposed a target of 10 million litres of sales for 2014, Hshi.
In 2011-2014, the company generated 7.9% of its income and sold 8.6% of its sales, significantly higher than the industry average of 0.7%, and 5.0% of its lukewarms, compared with 0.7% of its income. In the light of the changes in the industry at the time, and the performance of its competitors, we believe that there were some strategic failures during this period, mainly reflected in the company’s performance.
42.3% of vehicles — down to 38.4% in 2014 and high product homogenization due to strong competition in the sub-branded low-end beer market, high cost of companies, sales rates of around 19-20%, Māori rate 2) slower, high-end alcohol overlaps left to competitors: domestic beer sales were equal to -1.2% in 2012 and consumption increased
At the same time, the company’s sub-branding has run out of main brand resources, with medium-end and high-end liquor running slower, with the channel pushing behind the competitors. According to data, the sales of green beverages at the high end increased by 1.9%/5.1% in 2013-2014, the island, Corona in 2012, the bulldozing of 2013 and the promotion of marketing inputs in the South China market, using nighttime channels.
Figure 13: High-end products with a horizontal advantage that discourages the use of green beverages. Figure 13: The decline in the profitability of young beverages from 2011 to 2014 continues to be Chairman, while Wong Kee-hing continues to be President, facing a contraction in the domestic beer market and an increase in international brand competition.
In the interest scenario, the new management proposes a brand growth + capacity enhancement development strategy and differentiated competition strategy, moving back to a more product-oriented strategy. Further clarification of the “1+1” branding strategy, focusing on the development of the Qingdao beer master and regional brands, and hoping to adjust the product structure to drive profit-side growth while increasing market shares.
In 2016, Pearson was launched. But there was no easing of the crowding of the Budweisers, while the import of alternatives such as beer, pre-drinking wine and the upgrading of the public brand was hit by the Waterloo, and high-end liquor sales increased by 6.3%/-0.3% in 2016/2017.
Levels do not perform well in the industry and are in a state of adjustment. Figure 16: Negative growth in the sale of high-end liquor in the euphoria 2016-2017 and figure 17: Corporate head branding revenue has increased at a higher rate than by the end of 2018 than by the end of the year.
In March 2018, the reintroduction to the Board of Directors, management was postponed, and in June of the same year, Huang Kixin took over as Chairman, Yong Wei took over as President, and signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with reintroduction.
In August, the Qingdao State Finance Committee launched the Qingdao State Enterprise Mixed Ownership Reform and Recruitment Project, which includes the Green and Twin Stars Group, the Aukoma Group, and the Heising Group. In the context of industry’s entry into the stock age and the upward competition of prices, the new management has proposed six strategic directions: “brand leadership, innovation drive, quality first, efficiency priority, structural optimization, and coordinated development”
In 2019-2021, company beer revenues were 3.7 per cent, sales were -0.7 per cent, and sales were 2.9 per cent, compared to 1.3 per cent in lubricant and 2.7 per cent in heavy beer.
During the overall contraction of industry sales and the transition to high-end transformations, the sharpness of the blisters was reflected in profit elasticity, performance elasticity of 2019q1, net profit return of the mother + 20 per cent, net profit of 2019q2/q3 + 30 per cent/+ 20 per cent, respectively, making a significant recovery in the volume of high-end liquor sales between 2018 and 2020.
Figure 21: Performance breakout period of 2019 q1 bean Industry analysis: clear and stable pattern, improved profitability is evident 3.1 Beer characterization: heavy asset + real estate + seasonal
Beers are more dependent, have a higher repurchase rate, and have a large family. Beers and wines, and yellow wine, also known as the three oldest types of wine in the world, have a long history of human dependence on beer, and alcohol addiction makes beer devices more expensive to consume. The basic ingredients for beer are water, wheat sprouts, yeasts, and beer flowers, with wheat sprouts and beer flowers.
In addition to four basic ingredients, beer has two dimensions that can be expanded, with a wide range of changes in the size of the beer family. According to the beer evaluation, the organization's World Beer Classification Guide is based on the Beerjudgecredit program.
Historically, the country lacks its own beer culture, consumption capacity is low, and products are highly homogenized. The usual beer is Al beer, Lager beer, natural fermented beer, and Lager beer uses fermentation.
The fermentation of yeast, fermentation, and cellars is at a temperature of up to 10 degrees, for up to two weeks and for months at a low temperature cellar, so the fermentation is slow, the release of low heat is suitable for bulk production in the industrial age, and the industry also calls Lager beer the production of alcohol, the taste of which is light, the taste of which is good. Al's beer uses fermented yeasts, the fermentation temperature is high (15-23 degrees), the storage time is short, the equipment is short.
In the early years of our beer industry, the lack of its own beer culture and the inability of consumers to afford high-priced beer, low-yield, cheap industrial Lager became the preferred product of our big beer mills, such as China-Yon Snowflake, Harbin Beer.
The main beer factories in the country are dominated by industrial production, with millions of litres of fixed-asset investments. Compared to fixed-asset assets such as the white wine industry, the beer industry and mechanical equipment.
The ratio of fixed assets to total assets is very high: in 2021, each of the country’s giants was more than $10 billion, with more than 20 per cent of the total, while the proportion of fixed assets was 44 per cent, compared with 8 per cent and 6 per cent of the same liquor-salved Koto and 5-food fluids. Heavy asset attributes mean that beer businesses not only generate large capital spending.
As beer companies enter the local market, they need to rapidly expand production, seize local market shares, and share the fixed costs by enabling single plants to be scaled up. General industrial beer sales are limited by radius, resulting in a pattern of production.
The heavy weight of alcohol, the low resilience of 4,000 boxes of beer and the same weight of 7,000 boxes of beer, makes it more expensive and logistically efficient to transport bottled alcohol for beer factories. Compared to the nationalization of medium- and high-end white wine through transportation costs, domestic beer factories often win market shares through price wars, resulting in a low value of a single bottle of beer produced in general.
High transport costs, coupled with short periods, create a 150-km sales radius of normal industrial beer. Thus, regional expansion is the dominant growth pattern in beer factories, which need to be owned by local markets through the acquisition of liquor plants or self-built houses.
The consumption of beer fluctuates seasonally, and consumers value the freshness of the product. Because of the coolness of beer, the season of beer sales is clear, starting in mid-May, and ending in mid-September, May-September accounted for about 60% of the year’s production, October - next year.
Pre-spring and April-May are the summer seasons, with a small wave of beer consumption occurring before and after the spring. Unlike whites and wines, the more they smell, the fresher the beer is the better. Different in freshness, beer can be divided into raw magma, stale, pure, plain. 1) raw beer: the most fresh, the most fresh, the most live yeast, the thick of wheat sprouts, the thick of mouth and foam.
It's rich, it's only 1 to 3 days long. The more common tarmac on the market filters yeasts on a pulp basis, and it's a restaurant for a month. 3) Pure life: freshness, better taste, use of sterile fermentation, the more dominant middle- and high-level industry on the market.
Throughout history, the beer industry has gone through four stages of development: 1) 1978-1996, with a high rate of growth in the industry and a 25.3 per cent increase in the volume of beer sales in the country ' s more than one-size-fits-all businesses, with the State adopting a supportive policy for the beer industry at a time when the beer industry has entered a low threshold, and businesses have opened up.
Rapid growth in volume and low market competition. Thanks to domestic economic development, per capita income has risen, and beer consumption has been in short supply.) 1997-2013: running around, industrial M & As periods, with incomes of 9.1%, and product sales of 5.9% and 1,000 litres of alcohol, with revenues of 3%.
More than 47 breweries in the country have led to centuries-old M&As in the domestic beer industry. Then Hua Yun, Yinking, Baewe, and Kasper began to enter the regional market through M&As and self-building to expand production, not entirely counting the cumulative number of M&As in 1997-2013.
As a result, smaller and less profitable liquor factories are either bought or forced out. Industry concentration has increased, cr5 has risen from 47% in 2005 to 70% in 2013, and the top five beer factories have gradually grown to a peak of 4983 thousand litres of beer produced by businesses larger than the country’s size since the beginning of the year.
3) 2014-2016: Higher supply than demand, transition period for industry games, 0.8 per cent income capr, production capr - 2.8 per cent, 1,000 litres of alcohol capr 3.8 per cent, general industrial beer supply over demand due to demographic changes, substitution effects, rising consumption in the low- and medium-end beer market, etc.
Cagr - 2.8% drops, compared to 3.8% for 1,000 litres of wine revenue, and there is no consensus on whether the industry is at a structural point of growth, and some of the breweries continue to raise their market share by increasing their marketing costs. The sales rates for the various beer factories have increased to varying degrees in the period 2014-2016, but the cost of selling them has increased to varying degrees.
4) 2017 - to date: high-end trends, industry upgrading transitions, with incomes of 1.4 per cent, production and sales of 1.4 per cent, product sales of 3.5 per cent, and 1,000 litres of alcohol of 5.1 per cent.
In 2016-2017, the price index for tiles and glass rose by as much as 60%, and the beer mill’s profits were generally under pressure, starting to look for other ways to increase profitability. In 2018 or so, the beer mills gradually agreed on a business upgrade, abandoned competition in the low-end liquor market, shifted the focus of their operations to medium- and high-end products, and increased the income and profitability of thousands of litres of alcohol through product structure upgrades.
Lei. The 2015-2016 re-breeding plant and the upgrading of the product structure in the Jinxi market were followed by the beginning of the work on re-assembly of beer assets in China and the preparation of related assets; the 2017 rumours clearly identified three management themes: “Credit-based growth, transformational upgrading, innovation and development”: structural adjustment, cost-control, and cost-effectiveness, after Huang Kexi took over as Chairman of the Board in 2018.
On the one hand, the demographic structure is a fundamental driver of beer sales. Average annual per capita beer consumption was 32 litres in 2006-2013, and Euro-American mature markets.
The United States, the United States, Germany, are far apart, but the demographic dividend caused us to drop to 35% in 2020 after a peak of 42% in 2002, the largest beer in the United States. For the two mature beer markets abroad, both the United States and Japan, as a result of demographic changes in the 1980s and 1990s, respectively, reduced per capita beer production. On the other hand, I did so in 2019.
The country's per capita gdp has broken out of 10,000 yuan and, according to Maslow demand-level theory, consumers, after meeting basic material needs, have gradually turned to mental consumption, health and quality awareness, the concept of alcohol consumption has shifted to “less alcohol and good alcohol”, and the peak of the domestic per capita consumption of beer (32 litres/persons) has come close to Japan (37 litres/persons) and South Korea (37 litres/persons) with East Asian culture.
As a result, our beer sales are near saturated, both in the main population and per capita consumption. Figure 31: Comparison of per capita beer production by country, Figure 30: In 2002, more than the United States became the world ' s largest beer producer
Per capita beer production in China - l/person - per capita beer production in the United States - l/person China beer production - thousands of litres - thousands of litres - United States beer production - thousands of litres
German beer production per capita - l/person - Japanese beer production per capita - l/person German beer production - thousands of litres - Japanese beer production - thousands of litres
By 2015, only Qingshima's and Chongqing's beers were high-end products, and the main battlegrounds for domestic beers were low-end beverages for the general public. Low-end beverages depend on the power of the channel, so domestic beers often capture market ownership through price warfare.
The lower product structure and the high level of competition in the industry have led to very low domestic brand prices. In 2021, a thousand litres of green beverages, lubricants, and petrels earned $3742 per kilol, $3020 per kilol, $3090 per kilol, which is significantly lower than 4797 per kilol, 4514 per kilol, respirators in Bawe Asia and the Pacific, and 4514 per kilol in Bawei China, respectively.
3.3 Competition patterns: clear and stable, one of the top five cuttings: clear and stable, one of the strong, one of the strong, and now form three rows. The first is a national brand moisture, green beam, Budweed, heavy beam, and petrel.
The top five leaders, according to Ewe, together accounted for 72.2 per cent of the country ' s sales from the top five beer factories in 2021, and the second was gold or so, with small- and medium-sized beer brands in 2021, which together accounted for 23 per cent of the country ' s sales. By contrast, the top five taps were well above other beer factories and had won.
After running around the market in 1997-2013, the beer industry stabilized after a moderate increase, and the cr5 stabilized after 2016 at 73%-74%. In 2021, the top five beer factories together accounted for 72.4% of the national beer sales, 24.3% of the lubricant, 17.8% of the green beverages, 16.1% of the Bwa, 7.1% of the heavy beers and 6.9% of the swallows.
Of these, cr3 (breads, brussels, Budweisers) rose rapidly from 49 per cent in 2011 to 60 per cent in 2017, with an average annual increase of 1.7 pct (with an average increase of 1.4 pct over the same period of cr 5 years), during which time the three mega-consumptions remained unchanged, with the respective municipalities taking up the proposed share of 7 pct, while the revenue market was only 20 per cent, and the green market was 18 per cent during the same period.
The Bwai Revenue City accounts for 17 per cent of the total, with a similar market share for the three largest players. Figure 38: Market share of the top three beer giants is similar (income caliber) Figure 39: Domestic beer industry cr3 and cr5
3.3.2 Regional pattern: one of the five big heads is cut by five big males and one big is cut by each of the big ones. From the point of view of the regional market, there are three types of beer competition for each identity, based on the high and low rate of city ownership, the gap and stability between the region’s two largest liquor producers.
The greater and more stable the gap between rivals, the greater bargaining power of the head liquor factory, the wider distribution network, better brand visibility and product recognition, and a stronger competitive advantage, so that channels are subsidized relatively less and have a higher profit level.
There are six markets with absolute advantages: Gilling, Liaoning, Sichuan, Guizhou, An Xi, Jiangsu. Green has five markets with absolute advantages: Shandong, Shanxi, Shanghai, Hainan. Bwai has three markets with absolute advantages: Fujian, Jiangxi, and Hubei. The West King has four markets with absolute advantages.
They are Chongqing, Ningxia, Xinjiang, and Tibet. Swallows have three markets of absolute advantage: Beijing, Inner Mongolia, Guangxi; and 2) relatively stable markets: the leading markets range from 30% to 50%, and the first two liquor factories are relatively stable.
These municipalities, which have not yet won, or will set the final tone for the domestic beer industry in the next 5-10 years. To sum up, more than 70% of the provinces have largely won, forming a regional balance.
The leader, with the largest absolute advantage market, is covered from east to west, the green beak is clearly dominant in the provinces along the Yellow River, while Kasper is based in the southwest, the Bwai has a higher share in the coastal and South China markets, the swallow core occupies the Beijing market, and long-term competition pulls saws form the current regional balance. Growth does not support the growth of the industry, the product structure remains the same.
Moreover, the marginal benefits of the beer factory’s price strategy have been reduced, and the cost per 1,000 litres of beer sales will gradually rise, making it difficult to sustain competition for market share. The reason for the pattern of five big head cuttings is the profit model in the beer industry’s real-estate sales + the base-based market with heavy asset attributes.
Characteristics: beer sales are limited by radius, and the real-estate model requires beer companies to have capacity in regional markets if they want to achieve nationalization. 2) Investment characteristics: where beer is asset-based, scalding production can be fixed. Thus, these two characteristics determine that the profit model of our beer businesses is regional, and sales are constantly increasing in regional markets.
The base market has three main features: 1) contribution to major profits; 2) market capacity of more than 1 million litres; 3) regional market niches have at least 40%. When the beer industry is on the rise, the base market is not only the company’s core profit pool, but also the sales around the radiation market are growing, with a final expansion.
The coverage of large base markets has evolved into a regional leader pattern. Thus, the limitations of production and distribution networks have led to a variety of micro-competition patterns for beer in several provinces of the country, which means that the study of regional market competition patterns is more significant than national competition patterns.
3.3.3 Breakdown of price bands: medium- and high-end alcohol patterns have not yet been finalized Middle and high-end market breakdowns: according to Ewe data, sales in 2021 amounted to approximately 15,83 million litres, or 38.2 per cent of the total sales volume, of which the foreign brand Bwai was able to locate the high-end liquor market as soon as it entered the Chinese market, with 37 per cent of the city's share; green beaks are based on quality and quality.
The brand advantage has a relatively high structure, with 27 per cent of the city's share; in 2018, the lubricant introduced a strategy of “high end to the battle”, with a high end of power alcohol, with 12 per cent of the city's share; and rebuffing, with the Usu beer, the Gasper series, the cyclone 1664, with 14 per cent of the city's share.) The low end market is broken down: sales in 2021 were about 2558 million litres, or 61.8 per cent of the total sales.
The cities of Bae Wei, Garbage, and Swallow account for 36%, 14%, 4%, 2%, 11% respectively. Overall, among the top five beer factories in the country, the lubricant has a strong advantage in the low-end segmentation market with a strong deep distribution capacity, and the giraffe is gaining strength in the middle and high-end markets.
The ratio is second only to the Bwai. The Bhuway is headlined in mid- and high-end segmented markets with Harbin beer, the Bwaie Series, Corona, Fujabeth, and a wealth of night-course resources.
High-end breaks down the industry’s difficulties. The low-end liquor market is a typical prisoner’s dilemma, and Nash’s balanced factories take over the market through prices and high promotion costs, which also results in very low levels of income and profitability. In the current wave of high-end beer, channels are still important, but they are no longer decisive winners, and consumers focus more on brands.
High-end industries will reward powerful firms with brands, products, and channels. According to Ewe, between 2015 and 2020, sales of medium- and high-end liquor grew by 7 and 3% in cagr, with high-end alcohol generating up to 40% at retail end.
Liquor factories broke the vicious circle of low-price competition through branding and product differentiation. After 2018, the lubricant introduced a strategy of “warring, high-end, quality development” and the bimp proposed a strategy of “growth, structural adjustment, cost-effectiveness”, while Jasper steadily pushed 41% of the year down to 37% in 2021.
3.4 Future trends: high-end improvements in profitability and optimized production and efficiency gains 3.4.1 high-end improvements are central drivers of improved profitability. High-end alcohol in the $8-12 price belt is rapidly expanding. According to Ewy, high-end beer is growing rapidly, and its sales are increasing at a medium-end speed >
Rapid expansion has brought about structural changes in the industry, with the combined share of medium- and high-end alcohol sales rising from 23% in 2015 to 2020 as driver one: the concept of fine brewing began. In the 1990s, the concept of fine beer rose in the United States, triggering a wave of high-end American beer.
There are three main reasons for consumer preference for refined beer: (1) product differentiation: the content of refined beer sprouts on products is high and virtually non-used.
Rice or corn syrup reduces costs, has a strong taste and diversity of goods; 2) social demand: excellent brewing of beer on the consumer scenes, now high-end restaurants, taverns, ktv, etc., as a social currency of the newest kind that better meets the social needs of consumers; 3) cultural value: fine brewing beer is a representative of the “advanced culture” in the country, and cultural value can be highlighted.
Two drivers: at the end of consumption, the rise of the middle class and the rise in the price of the young consumer’s psyche is a process of high-end beer, one of which is that the middle class is the main consumer of the high-end alcohol. According to McKinsey’s Global Institute, the middle class is the middle-class.
The class population is increasing, with 49% of the urban population in 2018 at the level of wealth and well-being of the general population. Because mid- and high-end catering and nighttime are the main conduits for high-end beer in the country, the middle class, which values the social and brand value of beer, will be the potential consumer of high- and medium-end beer. Moreover, the rapid growth in the number of middle-class consumers is also occurring in three or four-line cities.
In 2010-2018, 38% of households with an annual disposable income of US$140,000-300,000 in three-to-four cities exceeded 23% in one-to-two-line cities. A significant increase in wealthy consumers in low-line cities was beneficial to the low- and medium-to-high-end sunk market, gradually replacing low-end alcohol.
Second, the price of the young consumer’s mental center price rises. After 2017, the drinking and drinking track saw a series of high-end brands for young consumers, such as Naishi’s tea, Yuan’s forest, and Bauririo’s, indicating a greater willingness to spend more after 90’s and after 00’s on liquor to meet individualized, differentiated and diversified needs, with a greater focus on product and brand power.
According to the Chinese Liquor Cultural Forum's Post-90 Wine Consumption Diagnosis, it is easier to accept high-priced beer after 90. Their quest for high-quality beer has made the high-end of the round more certain, as they become the main consumer of beer after 90 and after 00.
Driver three: At the enterprise level, domestic beer factories are actively involved in the beer-upgrading process, with significant improvements in profitability. With domestic beer sales close to saturation, consumers demanding high-quality products, domestic beer factories are aware of the urgency and importance of product structural upgrading, and business priorities are gradually shifting to medium- and high-end markets and scaling up resources.
Mainly re-enhanced production capacity, accelerated product structural upgrading in 2018, bringing the international high-end brands of Kasper, Leopold, and Cyclone 1664 to Chongqing's beer distribution system. In 2018, the lubricant proposed a strategy of “end-of-war high-end, quality development” and a long-term strategic cooperation agreement with Heli, with the introduction of Superx, Crafts and Crafts to create two high-end products, and the launch of Mars Green, Black Lion White in 2019.
And the blisters, on the basis of the already high-end wine, launched a 100-year tour in 2020, two super-high-end new things from Amber Lager, and a world-renowned super-high-end new product in 2021. With the high-end products from the main beer mills, the revenue of the beams, beverages, heavy beverages, and twigs is 1.3%, 2.9%, 2.7%, 3.1%, and the Māori rate is 1.3%, 2.9%, 2019-2021.
Figure 53: Speeding up of the high-end process in the beer industry after 2014
After 2013, beer production continued to decline, industrial capacity was severely overstretched, and problems of low scale were highlighted. In the context of the peaking volume, domestic beer factories closed down small, inefficient factories. By 2021, 42 of the rebunkers, 7 of the green beverages, 11 of the rebunkers, and the rate of depreciation of the liquor factories.
The rate of depreciation of fixed assets fell from 6.6 per cent in 2014 to 5.1 per cent in 2016, while the same pattern was observed in the industry in 2016-2018 for the lubricant of the inner-heavy heavy-barrel plant.
Figure 57: Accelerated decline in depreciation amortization rates in 2015-2016 Slightly closed, increased efficiency in single-plant operations, and plans to optimize the capacity of major beer factories. As the production capacity of beer mills increases, short-term average costs slow down, scale effects slow down, small and energy integration takes place
This would be a necessary route to efficiency gains in the beer industry. With the current progress, single plants could increase their capacity from 224,000 litres in 2016-2019 to 277,000 litres in 2019, or 7.3% in Cagr, to optimize and upgrade their capacity over the next three years.
The improvement of efficiency in the operation of the single plant will be seen in the future by replacing the one-million-litre project of the surrounding small factory, the lubricant, and the development of non-current drinking channels in the major domestic beer mills.
The rapid development of non-current drinking channels has led to an increase in the demand for cans. The distribution of beer is divided into current and non-current drinking channels, where drinking channels are catering and nighttime, instead of being dominated by ka, modern and new retail channels, selling canned alcohol. According to Ei-We, the share of current drinking channels in 2020 declined from 51.5% to 48.7%, and we have more than 50% of non-current drinking channels.
The changes in the structure of the beer distribution channels are considered to have been affected by both factors. 1) In the short term, the epidemic has been a catalyst, with the new crown epidemic in 2020, existing channels of drinking, such as catering and nighttime, having been more affected, beer companies have been able to increase the number of non-current sources of drinking in order to maintain consumer stickyness and brand loyalty, and to accelerate the release of non-current sources of drinking products. 2) In the long term, household consumption scenes have become more passive.
As a result of the culture of beer culture, consumer consumption habits in the current drinking channels gradually transition to household consumption, which in turn increases the demand for non-current drinking channels, such as supermarkets and electricians.
The impact of the canning rate on the beer factory is mainly on the end of the sale. 1) Cost is better: canned wine is of low quality, non-fracturing, potentially more widely sold radius, and transport costs are more favourable than dry bottled wine. 2) Sales are better: canned wine can be designed in conjunction with current branding and popular trends, making it easier to personalize marketing, in line with young digestion.
The rate of canning is now around 25%, lower than that of other beer-rich countries, and is around 91% and 71% for Japan and Korea, respectively, for Asia-Pacific countries, and 67% and 73% for the United States of America and the United Kingdom, with greater scope for future upgrading. Since 2018, domestic beer factories have accelerated the production of wires for listening production lines.
B. Addressing the development needs of non-current sources of drinking, such as new retail outlets, electricity providers, etc. 4 Company watch: Focus on yellow, local scale benefits + brand premium advantages are prominent 4.1 person effectiveness: equity incentives are on the ground and human effectiveness improves the release of dynamism
The company’s first shareholder and owner is the Qingdao State Finance Committee, which holds 32.5% of the company’s shares through the Qingdao Beers Group Limited, according to the company’s 2021 report. In 2014, the Qingdingt was committed to promoting the company’s management long-term incentive scheme for Qingdao beer by June 2020, which was set in motion in March 2020.
Incentive plans, companies release sales in three instalments, specifying the successful unlocking and awarding of incentives for restricted shares prior to the performance test, phase I and phase II. Third phase net profit targets,
We believe that the performance requirements of the corporate equity incentive scheme are less stringent, more so by locking in core management levels to ensure a smooth implementation of high-end strategies.
Reform of the Merchant Project, in which the Green and Twin Star Groups, Aukoma, Heising Group, among others, have now been approved. Since 2017, the company has been promoting the Project for Optimization and Efficiency Improvement, controlling the total number of personnel, and the total number of employees, with 4.2 plant effects: cut down, digital transformation continues to progress.
After two large-scale M&As and the expansion of internal technologies and the construction of new production bases, the blisters have grown from a local beer manufacturer to a giant company with 60 beer production bases in the country, 17 beer businesses in Shandong province, and more than five production firms in Jiangsu, Shanxi, Guangdong, etc., in 2021.
In 2016, the company’s design capacity stood at 1566 million litres, with real capacity of 11.39 million litres, with sales/design capacity at 50.6% and below the level of 53.2%. Production efficiency is urgently needed.
Following the closure of five factories in 2015, seven in 2016, the closure of seven in 2016, the follow-up to the industry, the contraction of capital spending, the closure of two factories in Shanghai, Yangpou and An Qui-yuan Lake, in 2018, the closure of Xijiang-Tai, Beijing, five stars, and three factories in Fujian-Yang, and the suspension of the disease plant in 2020 in 2019.
One-time cost of impairment loss of assets, $55 million in 2018 and $600 million in 2019 respectively, loss of fixed assets of $144 million and $121 million, which together represents 13 per cent and 9 per cent of the net profit of the parent. The efficiency gains are evident, and the efficiency gains are evident.
Costs ranged from -2 per cent in 2018 to -1.4 per cent in 2019, to -1.154 and -1.138 billion in 2019. The depreciation rate was higher than the same rate, with each share of free cash flows improving. At present, companies have reasonable control over the size of their investments, the capital base of expenditure is based on maintenance and upgrading of existing production lines, and there has been a marked improvement in each share of free cash flows.
Figure 75: Smart manufacturing of the Lighthouse Plant after 2016 with reasonable control over the size of the investment. In addition to optimizing existing production capacity, companies have accelerated the digital transformation, thousands of litres of beer expansion project, Qingdao smart manufacturing demonstration plant expansion project, Qingdao beer bruising on the west coast.
There are three bright spots for improving the efficiency of the industry:
Three major pains in production: full-line shutdown and efficiency in case of failure; high artificial alcohol cost and error rate when beer is offline; highly labour-dependent packaging processes with high labour intensity impact efficiency. After completion of the project, variety conversion time was reduced by 70% and overall production line efficiency increased by 30%.
2) Data-driven Customized Wine Development: The core is the "end-to-end " process-wide data-driven approach, which enables the introduction of custom-made platforms, serviceable canners platforms, beer mills manufacturing platforms, distillation platforms, reducing the delivery time for personalized customized wines from 45 days to 15 to 20 days.
3) The costs of smart discharge systems are optimized: the brooms currently have 60 factories in more than 20 provinces and cities, and there is no way to make manual discharges at the highest cost. Under the data-driven system, companies develop smart discharge systems to break regional boundaries, thus creating the most efficient production options, which result in optimal production layout, minimal cost of the system, and the highest operational efficiency.
Figure 78: Individualized product customization platform 4.3 Products: high R & D strength, high-end liquor abundance, high-quality integrity and innovation drive, high-quality R & D power. The quality of alcohol depends on raw materials and the manufacturing process.
A high-quality barley from Australia, a Czech top beer flower, a hundred-year-old German bacterium breed, followed by a German-made tradition, a modern canned brewing process and a unique "two low-temperature, slow-dry" with an average fermenting cycle of around 40 days. As a result of a longer fermenting cycle, the taste of green beaks is stronger than that of lubricant as a whole.
With a strong commitment to the high standards of beer brewing, the brussels cover almost all the gold prizes that have been awarded since the founding of the country, and the quality is globally advanced and recognized. On the other hand, companies attach great importance to innovation, with one-third of the country’s only priority laboratories and industries in the field of biological fermentation.
Ten thousand dollars, or 0.1% of operating income, will fill the domestic gap in Al's beer, acid beer, and so on, in the area of new products development and the company's patenting of red Al, Lambik's beer, and so on. The product matrix will cover the full price belt.
The liquor market, the saloon beer market, and the product matrix have achieved full price coverage. Specifically: thousands of litres, +11.6 per cent of the same year, and 54.6 per cent of the sales, out of which, in 2021, the company ranked its products according to the new standards, with over 52 million litres, +14.2 per cent of the same year, and 6.6 per cent of the sales, including more than a lifetime, covering the whole world.
Legendary, 100-year-olds, Hong Kong leaders, August, Amber Lager, Pearson, ipa, pure, white beverages, etc., retail prices at $12 and above: Aoshima Pure: a family name, a large single item with a high price belt.
Qingdao: A classic case of the development of a European beer gold mine. In 2015, the company was the first to launch a \triangleright beer in Qingdao, which was dominated by wheat sprouts, strong wines, and colored albinism, and won the World Beers Championship Silver Award in 2019.
In 2020, the company launched a new brand-new white-coloured roses, while the joint van Gogh painted a series of gift boxes online. The medium-end wine is growing at a steady rate, turning high-end consumers up.
Qingdao Classic 1903: Upgrades the Classic Series, which opens the "Big Smelt Age" of the green bean. In 2014, the company upgraded Qingdao's classic beer bill, introduced the classic 1903, which was used to play the "two long-long slow-drawn-up process" of 1903, and then came out of the polar cans, which are the theme of the Winter Olympics, and the "Equal-era" cans, which are the theme of the ancient times.
Trangleright is very high and sticky, and companies have introduced classic football cans, cans, cans, and other packagings to meet the prevailing trend.
The annual income of $9.88 billion, or -2.1 per cent, contributed 33 per cent to beer, 3.6 million litres, or -8.6 per cent, and 45 per cent to beer sales. According to data for 2017-2021, despite a significant drop in sales by the by-brand, companies actively promoted the switch of existing low-end products, improved product structure through the replacement of packaging, non-value reduction, and the same income by the same brand.
It's a very small amount of dry sales. The product is the second-largest brand of Qingdao's beer, the low-end price belt that locates the Shandong base market; Hans' beer, which operates on the Qingxi beer market, is more territorial, with higher consumer loyalty. The low-end product is sold mainly to Shandong and the North China market.
In 2021, the Māori rate was 43.8% for the main brand (medium-end + high-end wine), compared to 22.6% for the deputy brand (low-end wine), which, in terms of intra-industry brands, has a significant premium on the internal brand, with a 1,000-litre alcohol premium from the 2021 main brand, which is $4,572, below the international brand under Chongqing's beer flag (Jasper, 1664, 1664).
In contrast to the industry, there is still room for upgrading the fabric of the beer. By contrast, the product structure of the 2021 albino medium-end + high end/low
The product structure determines, to a large extent, the factory ' s income from 1,000 litres of alcohol, 2021 green beverages, $3020 higher than the bottle and $3090 higher.
In the context of the rapid expansion of the beer price belt of $8-12, the company’s focus on the promotion of the high-end liquor market, optimized cost investment, and improved performance in terms of major brand sales.
0.7 pct, profit elasticity released by product structural upgrading is self-evident. We believe that during the previous price-war war, the advantage of green beaks was not prominent, but in the high-end wave, the beads were expected to sustain the main product with brand power plus product power plus channel power. High-digit growth in sales, high-end alcohol growth and accelerated profit elasticity release.
Fig. 89: sales of 2022q1 brands equal to 5.4%; Fig. 90: 2022q1 bottled tonics equal to 6.1%; Fig. 4.4: Deep bottom, 100-year-old beer-making ecology
A hundred-year-old beer company, Qingjia Co. Ltd., was founded in 1903 by Anglo-German businessmen Heinrich Sewert and Ernst Smerson, near Capt. Miller Street, Qingji Island. Three years later, the brooms won a gold prize at the Munich Beer Fair, enjoying a world of fame, implanting the genetics of their brands with quality.
After the victory, the beverages were officially renamed the Qingdao Beer Company, and began to come to the table of the nation’s people as luxury items at the occasion of important festivals. In 1963, they were evaluated as the national wine at the second national competition, and the gold medals awarded by the Ministry of Light Industry became the only prize in the beer industry. In 1964, the Ministry of Light Industry introduced the slogan “The beer industry learns Qingdao”.
As a hundred-year-old brand, the beverage runs through generations of life, and the brand image of high-quality beer and deep-seated brand tales are the strong brand power that they build.
"1+1" brand strategy. The brand strategy of the green bean has evolved from multi-brand to bi-brand, from multi-brand to focus.
In 2006, after the company had completed a large-scale expansion of the market, the acquisition of sub-brands, mountain water, and new silver was not integrated into the main brand.
Qingdao Beers Beverage 1964: Figure 94: 2006 - to date, the strategic transformation process of the brand brand "One Fours" is a process of deep-seated branding, with a wide range of marketing tools.
Brand communication + the consumer's experience is centred on a “triple one” marketing model, the core idea being to find and connect brands and consumers through empirical marketing and emotional marketing. By 2018, the “triple one” evolved into a “triple one” marketing model centred on branding + community marketing + recreational + interactive experiences.
Sports marketing: beer and sports events are mutually reinforcing. International giants such as Bawe and Hei Li have been keen on sports marketing.
Inputs were made, and the young, passionate, branded ideas were closely linked to the culture of sport by successfully collaborating with international sports events such as Nba, cba, Yaccalaureate, and Winter 2020, which were signed in 2005 as sponsors of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
Music marketing: tides + music interacts with the z generation. Music communicates emotions that deepen the image of products and businesses in the eyes of consumers, thereby enhancing brand recognition and loyalty. Beer consumers are predominantly young, after 90, and after 00, the dominant crowd.
The industry is more forward-looking. As the country’s music market changes, the 2017-year-old pure music marketing model was upgraded to “incarcerated” and sponsored events included three consecutive years of Aichi Scream Night from 2017 to 2019, Strawberry Music Festival from 2019 to the present, and the Isy International Music Festival from 2018 to 2020.
Figure 96: Sales of green beer music, Strawberry Music Festival, Night of the Shrieking
Three consecutive sponsorships for Qingdao beer from 2018 to 2020, Qingdao beer for three consecutive years, 2017 to 2019.
Qingdao Beers Together with Strawberry Music Festival, 2019 to present a number of scenes for tidal consumers “exact hand-famous ip-- Achigian scream night” at the Isy Sanya International Music Festival.
Qingdao is a carrier, with fresh fashion wrappings and drawings, and a fashion tidal wave is launched.
Musical carnivals, including individual concerts, star concerts, tidal concourses, full-scale ravers meetings, custom concerts to work with virtual idols, etc.
In 1991, with the first Qingjia International Beer Festival in Munich, Germany, more than 30 sessions have been held since then.
Benders are designed for a variety of experiential platforms like Beer Street, Beer Gardens, Beer Museums and others, with an emphasis on craftsmen's spirit and unique beer industry. To further build the beer ecosphere, the company's first community-based beer business, totingtao 1903 beers, to emphasize community life under “slow life”, to create a “second living room” atmosphere, to develop new consumption grounds.
So far, the company has more than 200 tsingtao 1903 beers nationwide, which will improve the quality of the bar's operation in 2022, slow down the opening of the shop, and in the future will take the form of a more influential flagship shop.
Tsingtao 1903 beer bar, Qingdao beer festival, Qingdao beer museum.
In 2020, the beer bar was distributed throughout the country, and the value of the brands increased steadily with the continued investment of a wide range of costs associated with efficiency gains. After 2018, in the context of the larger cost of corporate contractions, the blisters looked at the role of publicity spending in nurturing consumers, compared to 18.7 per cent in 2018 and 10.9 per cent in 2019.
After the outbreak of the new crown disease in 2020, the spread of the bill was slowed down, and in 2021 it was increased again, with the same ratio +28.2% to $1.17 billion. In terms of cost-effectiveness, the advertising rate for the beams remained largely stable, with the value of the brands steadily rising from 2018 to 2020, and, according to the World Brand Laboratory, 2021-year-olds.
The cards are worth up to 1986 billion yuan, after $326.7 billion and $325.3 billion in the catering industry in Guizhou. 4.5 Channels: Deep Distribution + Smart Combination of Large Clients, with a solid base of non-current drinking channels and higher end profit margins.
According to E-Wise, the share of the domestic beer industry in the current drinking channels dropped from 51.5% in 2019 to 50.1% in 2021, and the non-current drinking channels increased from 48.5% to 49.9% in terms of profit from the channels.
In the game, the final profit margin is higher, while distributors in deep distribution generally play a role as logistics dealers, benefiting from high turnover rates. Specifically, the ab type catering and night terminal are oriented towards mid-to-high-end markets, with consumers having relatively low price sensitivity, more difficult prices, fewer options, and Māori space being higher than cd type catering and non-suppliers. In 2021, the company ' s drinking channels were available.
In 2014, the company formed a power vendor department to set up an official flagship shop at large power platforms such as Skycat, Kyundong, Shop No. 1 and Amazon.
In 2016, companies deepened the “Internet+” marketing model, opened community channels of o2o, and launched a fast-buying app. According to blue cursor data, sales on the beer lines of the Ministry of Commerce and Bozizón Technologies, Qingdao between 2020 and 2021.5.
In 2020, with the impact of the new crown epidemic, companies accelerated the expansion of online consumption channels, promoted the implementation of the “no contact distribution” service, spearheaded the design of a national no-contact digital map, and launched a major online multi-million community and under-line multi-million community product-paying campaign, online sales and sales.
The company is still based on offline channels, which contribute less to sales, but online channels are particularly important for the company's branding and promotion of new products. In 2019, the Qingdao Beer Museum was built into the Skycat Flag Shop with the use of technology.
In terms of organizational structure, companies set up the Qingdao Liquor Marketing Centre, with five main sectors: brand management, marketing management, modern channels, innovation, and market research.
At the sales level, companies adopt a subregional, deep distribution model, managing market regions and channels separately, while at the same time fostering multi-channel professional distributors, enhancing distribution capacity and end-user service capacity through such measures as network division of labour collaboration, professional market planning, marketing support, etc. At the decision-making level, firms adapt to industry trends, moving towards a full digital marketing transformation.
The supply chain and distributor network model is fully upgraded, channels, personnel, costs, and consumer strategy are maintained. Cost-accurate investment supports the upgrading of the corporate product structure. After 2017, companies optimized their cost inputs and landed four important measures: 1) strict procedural control over the use of costs, write-off and payment processes, enhanced market verification; 2) channel costs
Focusing on alcohol at the mid-to-high end and increasing the return of alcohol at the high end; 3) Publicizing the increase in the price of alcohol, focusing on the branding of high-end alcohol: 4) Performance evaluation targets were extended to sales, profits, and costs. From 2018 to 2020, the cost of company sales stabilized at 18%, following a marked improvement in the annual increase in the cost of sales, and in 2021, the company will implement new revenue guidelines.
Transport costs under the original cost of sales were reclassified to operating costs, with comparable sales rates of calibre 2020 and 2021 respectively showing lower sales costs in industry at the age of 2021, and figure 108: long-term stability in management costs of beer
4.6 High-end outlook: Focus on yellow, local scale benefits plus brand premium advantages, both horizontal and horizontal, and insist on developing coastal and competitive markets along the Yellow River basin. Started in 2014, companies continue to deep-plough base markets, make strong yellow strategic belts, provide large coastal strategic belts, and consolidate and strengthen the construction of base markets such as Shandong and Shaanxi, on the one hand, and channel the construction of base markets such as Shandong and Shaanxi, on the other, on the other.
In 2018, the company’s new management further adjusted its regional market strategy to “severe and horizontal” and proposed a strategy to revive the coast, speed up the yellow and free the river, demanding that the market’s profitability be enhanced along with the development of the south-east Chinese market.
A new profit pool, expansion to the interior, a low-priced competition, a competitive red-sea market, and cumulative growth. Figure 109: Shandong Province, with a total output of 4.58 million litres in 2020, is well above 30% in the second Guangdong Province.
In 2021, sales reached 5.32 million litres, or 56 per cent, and external trade revenues of 17.880 billion yuan, or 59 per cent, and net profits of 18.1 billion yuan, or 64 per cent, were the company’s core profit pool, base market. After buying new silver and wheat beer, squirt beer, and so on, many local beer factories in Shandong and the Ministry’s home-grown capacity, the company worked hard on the provincial channels, which now account for 78 per cent of the market.
The competitive advantage of the beer factories is partial and specific in the pattern of the five giants cutting off. We believe that the company’s competitive advantage in the Great Mountain East base is derived mainly from three areas: 1) profits, and relies on the mountain with the highest capacity in the national beer market.
East Province: 458 thousand litres of total production in Shandong Province in 2020, well over 30 per cent in Guangdong Province II; 2) local market size benefits: The beer industry is subject to the best sales radius, with economies of scale reducing fixed production costs as well as transportation costs, the company has 17 factories in Shandong District, and only 3 factories in Lu attacked Shandong District, followed by the expansion of Shandong Province Council.
Cost constraints; 3) People and brand advantage: Qingdao beer is a city business card in Qingdao City, consumer brand recognition is high, price increases are less difficult, and distributor systems are well developed, and companies in the province are well-controlled and competitive.
The cities of Jin, Hebei and Northeast, among which Shaanxi is the company ' s second largest base market, with a high rate of 74 per cent, and Shanxi and Hebei, with a rate of 39 per cent/40 per cent. In 2021, the Huabei branch achieved a sales of 202 thousand litres of beer, or 21 per cent, and an external trade revenue of 5.38 billion yuan, or 18 per cent, with a net gain of 760 million yuan, or 27 per cent.
The North-East Division has grown significantly since the strong yellow belt market strategy, with a collection of 5.09% in 2017-2021, with a sales volume of 2.89% and a sales volume of 1.05% in the Shandong Division.
In 2021, the Guangdong/South China/Southeast Division achieved 91/93/23 thousand litres, representing 10 per cent per cent per cent per year, compared to the North Division, where the three main markets, Chinadong, South China and Southeast, were highly competitive and the cost of sales was significantly higher than in the North China Division.
The costs are down, with China East Division, South East Division, 2015-2020, and South China Branch, 2016-2017 losing. In 2018, Huang Kehein took over as Chairman, he proposed a market strategy to “strategize along the yellow, boost the coast, liberate the river” and try to save the South China market, while focusing on shrinking costs, and the three divisions have now lost their profits.
Figure 110: Revenue from external transactions of the Qinghua branch, 2017-2021. Figure 112: Cost of sales of the Qinghua north branch, 2017-2021 is lower than the cost of sales of the coastal river. Figure 113: Growth of the Qinghua north branch, 2017-2021
Looking ahead, the company will continue to implement three strategic belts of regional market strategy, “Step up on the yellow side, rejuvenate the coast, liberate the river”: 1) Stabilize city occupancy along the yellow belt and optimize the product structure, of which Heijilo, Nemon and Henan create five new niche markets and fast-disbursing volumes; 2) adapt, contract and focus along the river belt; and 3) reverse the loss of the coastal strategic belt.
In the short- and medium-term, Shandong and Huabei markets have upgraded their product structure to free up profit elasticity. 1) Shandong Province: In terms of competition patterns, companies are in a position of absolute dominance in the province, but Shandong is the country’s first-ever beer province, with a relatively heavy base camp, Chongqing City Won.
The market for high-end liquor is less difficult to promote, as is brand recognition. (2) The North Market: similar to the problem in Shandong Province, the lower structure of the North China product, the revenue from 1,000 litres of wine in 2021 was $3606, and the overall company level of $3741 was still low and there was much room for improvement. In 2021, Shandong Province contributed 64 per cent, 27 per cent, respectively, to the North China Market.
Long-term, expansion along the yellow basin base market and high-end logic. There is a clear synergy between strong corporate markets, Shandong and Shaanxi, and it is clear that the two markets will continue to radiate neighbouring markets such as Shanxi and Hebei.
With its help, the company is expected to build five base markets in Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Gilling, Liaoning, and Henan, expanding to the inland Blue Sea, thus creating a strong market along the Yellow River basin and continuing the high-end logic. Profit elasticity, expanding and perpetuating the high-end logic along the yellow basin base market over a long period of time, valued below industry averages, for the first time.
The "buy-in" rating was given to the new crown epidemic, which had an uncertain risk. In 2022, new coronary outbreaks continued at home and abroad, the international economic situation had become more complex, and the drinking channels, such as catering and nighttime, had an impact.
High-end beer competition increases the risk that the country’s beer-leading middle-end and high-end beer markets will become more market-oriented and brand-new.
With construction and pipeline development, increased competition in the market could accelerate the pace of spending on companies’ costs, lower sales margins, and crowd out profit margins. Barley, with its equivalent cost volatility, is now 20% higher than at the beginning of the year, and international oil prices are on the way, if the company’s cost controls are in place.
The Māori rate is impaired by the lack of availability or poor price increases, and has been working on the National Social Welfare Fund in Shenzhen. In 2015, I entered the country, with sales + research experience, and in 2020, I joined the Sinda Securities to form a food and beverage team. The research focused on breaking through the industry and the shares.
Individual public: Walk Out Food and Beverage Research. You don't know anything, you're deep, you come out slowly. A solid industry study with temperature, and an effort to create prices for investors in combination with stock understanding.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (acquainted with seafood, millet foods, culinary foods, natural foods, Qinghai International, etc.), are covered primarily by pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-coloured foods), and two years of experience in food and beverage research at the Wang Yanan School of Economics, University of Xiamen.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, salted-and-salts, glycerine foods, etc.), and wine in the An Qui region (acquainted with the Gui Gon, the glorified wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from the Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Penang State cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, ocean river shares, present-day fate, sauce plate, etc.) Zhao Lei, Master of Food Scientific Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, followed by 2 years of milk
The giant Saputo is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research. It currently covers mainly dairy products (in-depth research on the shares of Elie, Montagnarous milk, excellent bluedo, Kabyo, etc.). Part of it is not, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, relevant to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.