A hundred-year-old brand has yet to be rewritten - Aoshima beer (600600.sh) - our beer industry is not growing, and the drivers of development are price increases and product upgrades, and high-endization into industry.
Consensus. Against this background, we project five trends in our beer industry: the icing of ice, although our share of drinking channels is higher than in other economies, this trend may not change in the short term.
The power suppliers’ channels, or the promotion of nationalization of some of the beer businesses, may even influence the pattern of competition in the industry. A convenience store could be the best-growing beer distribution channel in the next phase.
In the past, it's been over 30 years, and it's been over 30 years. Peng's era (94-01): Four-way M&As, to pick up the gold.
Regional businesses have initially become national beer companies, but they have also led to problems of inefficiency and brand confusion. The Golden Shire era (02-12): efficiency gains, increased profitability, and the mitigation of many ills, remain incomplete.
Sun Mingbo Times (12-17 years): Steady growth, structural adjustment, and a smooth transition to the industry. Huang Keheing Times (18 to date): 100-year-olds are back on their feet, branding is strong, and the control cost reduction is 100-year-old brands are deep, and the transformation process requires more effort. A 100-year brand of Qingjia beer is precious to the company.
The second brand could weaken Qingdao’s influence, the company’s brand continues to be streamlined, and the main brands: Zagenziru has power in China, and there is much to be gained off the coast. The Shandong base market has contributed more than half of its sales, and the company’s dependence on it has increased, and it needs to guard against competition.
Henan is both a province of beer consumption and the only region where a regional beer company dominates the city; it is therefore both an easy city and a necessary destination for companies to focus their efforts.
Coastal markets: The region is vast, economically developed, and vulnerable areas of beer, and there is much to be done in the future. And inadequate demand, food safety and industry reputational risk, trademark infringement and counterfeiting risk.
A hundred years old, a legend. Qingdao's beer business, one of our oldest beer companies, preceded by the German-British joint venture in August 1903, has been on the market for more than a hundred years now. In July/August 1993, it was the first company in my country to be listed overseas.
Since its inception, the company has changed its name from a state-owned Qingdao beer factory to a state-run one. The company's products have been well received in international and domestic ratings, three wines have won the title "China Wine" and twice sponsored the Beijing Olympics in Germany, the United States, Singapore, and the West.
The company is owned by the Qingdao City State Finance Committee. The Qingdao State Finance Committee holds 32.5% of the Qingdao beer shares, the largest single shareholder.
Of the Department’s revenue of $30,167 million in 21, the beer business contributed $29,673 million, or 98.36 per cent, and the beer business has been collecting more than 98 per cent for many years. Thirty years of rain, four-dollars have gone forward.
Four generations after Peng's victory, Kim Chi Guo, Sun Ming Bo, and Wong Ke Hing. Peng's era coincided with China's beer industry running around the world in the '90s.
At the historical turn of the slowdown, four years of steady growth, structural adjustments, and a steady foothold in the industry’s down-cycle cycle, laying the foundation for a revival of the grasshopper: after Huang Keheing took office, the profit boom recovered rapidly, and the returns to corporate shareholders increased significantly. 2. Beer industry: new opportunities in the new era
Sales: According to Euromonitor data, the volume of beer sales in the country has continued to shrink since 2007 until 2013, when it began to decline, and in 2020, because of the epidemic, the rate of increase has dropped significantly to -7 per cent. We expect consumption to rise in 2021 as a result of the low base effect and the rebound of consumption after the epidemic, but because of the demographic structure of the country.
Long-term factors such as ageing and increased consumer health awareness have not changed, so the general trend of annual beer sales has not changed. The anticipated end sales of beer by 2025 are around 42.41 million tons. Production: the data disclosed by the National Statistical Office are more consistent with the overall trend in sales, and we expect to be the main one.
Because of the short Quality Period of Beer, the beer industry tends to organize its production according to the volume of the product, and the industry as a whole is in a balanced position.
Figure 3: The overall decline in sales of beer in China in recent years varies. Production data are derived from the National Statistical Office, where sales are calculated by Euromonitor against end sales.
According to Euromonitor, the annual compound increase in beer sales worldwide was only 0.65% between 2006 and 2020, of which China was the country’s largest producer.
The compound rate of 1.51 per cent is already at a higher level, with Japan, the United States and Germany showing a higher rate of beer penetration in our country over the same period, per capita beer consumption reaching about 30.45 litres/year by 2020, and while there is still a gap between countries such as the United States of America and Germany, it is already above the world average of 26 per cent.
Figure 5: Prices of beer sales in various countries have largely stopped: the end price of beer is forecast to rise to $18.3/l in 2025, and the price of beer has been rising steadily in the context of high-endization. In recent years, retail prices of beer have been increasing.
In 2006, it rose from year to year, reaching $14.36/l in 2020, and in 14 years the cagr reached enough room to raise the price of our beer industry: despite years of price increases, the price of our beer is still lower than in other countries, and thus still has the potential to make a difference.
The average price of our beer is 72% for India, 63% for the United States, 41% for Japan, and 38% for Hong Kong, for example.
The price of beer is still rising in most countries. For the last 15 years, the unit price of beer from the factory has increased in most countries, with only a slight drop in the unit price of Japanese beer.
The beer industry is still expected to be able to raise prices for a longer period of time.
Price forecasts: The retail price of our beer is forecast to be $18.32 per litre in 2025. In recent years, our beer unit price has been somewhat correlated with average gdp, but the compound rate of increase in the unit price has been slightly lower than the rate of increase per capita gdp, a trend that we expect to continue because we found in the comparison of national beer unit prices/per capita gdp.
The overall decrease in per capita income shows that consumer spending on beer is not a fixed percentage of gdp per capita (as reflected in the low correlation coefficient at the data point, r2 is 0.2713), but rather that the share of beer consumption in per capita gdp is inversely proportional to that of the country ' s per capita gdp (i.e., the wealthier).
The country, the lower the ratio of per capita beer consumption to per capita gdp, further validates the logic of the prediction of an increase in the price of our tons at a slightly lower rate than that of the gdp (the same rate increases). We forecast our population to be in 2020-2025, figure 13: The rate of increase in the price of our beer plants is slightly slower than that of our per capita gdp.
Figure 14: Beer price as a share of income is inversely proportional to economic development, and accordingly, we project a market space of 77,696 billion yuan in 2025 for final sales in the beer industry, with a 2020-2.2 competitive pattern: the market concentrates on head players in individual provinces to determine the change in shares
2.2.1 Trends in concentration: We have a higher concentration of our beer market and no more room for upgrading. The beer industry has a market pattern of “Thirtys and Twos and Smalls.” Among these, the “Thirstys” are the three biggest consumers: the three most consumed, the one in Qingjima and the other in Bawe.
Liquor companies, which accounted for 58.3 per cent of the country's beer sales in 2020, the “two-strong” refers to the subsequent Yanjing beer, Chongqing beer, which in 2020 was 8.3 per cent and 6.4 per cent, respectively, and a large number of markets, mainly home-grown beers, represented by Pearl River, Venus and the Yellow River of Lanzhou, which account for less than 3 per cent of beer producers.
The distillery, and the international beer giants, represented by triads, blue belts, and Heineken, figure 16: our main beer business has a certain amount of room for improvement in the concentration of the beer industry compared to the mature market.
So, the future growth of the beer giants should remain focused on product price increases, while by 2020 we had a higher concentration of 58.3 per cent and 73 per cent in the beer industry by calibre of consumption, compared to most mature markets, such as the United States, Japan and the United States.
In addition, concentration in the beer industry has increased slowly in countries such as the United States of America and Germany over the past 10 years, and the increase in cr3 and cr5 in these countries has been generally flat, and even with significant increases in individual years, it has been achieved through M & A. (Mollson's winning beer, approved by the United States Department of Justice in July 2016, acquired Miller's winning beer, resulting in the acquisition of Miller's victory)
Greater concentration in the beer industry in the United States of America during the year.
As competition patterns tend to be stable, large numbers of small and medium-sized competitors in the industry are being acquired or phased out, and the beer industry tends to move closer to the stage of monopolistic competition, we expect that competition in the industry will ease in the future and that price wars will be difficult in the future, with beer companies more likely to move through branding, product price additions, channels.
The main base market is Shandong Province, followed by Hebei, Shaanxi,
Shanxi and the three northern provinces of China, where beer is the highest brand in the city, Shandong is the country's largest beer producer, with 4.58 million tons of beer in 2020. With the exception of Shandong Base Market, Ciento also has a high lead in Shanxi Province.
Hua Yun: the largest base market province in Heilongjiang Province, where the base market is mainly located in the three north-east provinces (total production is about 3.7 million tons), north-west Gansu, Qinghai, Sichuan (2.18 million tons) and east-west.
The Ministry’s three provinces (total production of 4.2 million tons) and other regions such as Hubei and Guizhou.
As a foreign capital entry into the Chinese market, it established base markets in the three provinces of the south-east coast (Pang, Guan, Xiang) and also achieved a higher price of tons of products, using the more advanced levels of the economy, nightclubs, ktv, etc. of consumption on the south-east coast. Both provinces were beer-breededed.
In the Department of Agriculture, the combined output in 2020 was over 5 million tons and the overall product price was higher, so while the South-East region was small, it was able to contribute to higher sales.
In addition to the high rate of city ownership in Chongqing, its parent company, Kasper, has also acquired local brands in Xinjiang (Usu), Tibet, Ningxia (Xinxia), Yunnan (Grandsy, Frenzy) and other provinces. Yin Kyung: The country’s new business is worth looking for.
The provinces of Inner Mongolia, Hunan, Guangxi, etc. have served as a base market. In recent years, Yanjing’s market share has declined, and it is to be hoped that its reforms will give rise to a fresh start.
At present, the biggest variable in the beer market in the country is Henan Province. Henan Province is the province of beer consumption, with a population of more than 100 million, with an annual beer production of 1.93 million tons, while the city's leading beer brand, Venus, is a local brand, and although it is home to about 40% of the country, it has been slow to move towards nationalization and, as a private business, Venus.
Liquor lacks strong capital and is not easy to expand. There are no significant differences in the share of other nationwide beer businesses in Henan Province (which is expected to be around 20%, beer is expected to be around 14%) and in future competition, Henan Province will be one of the most important scales of beer competition.
Figure 21: The five trends projected for the development of the 2.3 sector in the country ' s main provinces and municipalities (tonnes, 2020)
In Singapore, it is much higher than in other advanced economies. But we expect that this trend may be sustained for a longer period of time, and will not change in the short term. Not only is the share of our beer consumption, or drinking channels, rising slowly since 2006, but the share of other countries in drinking channels has not changed significantly.
Consumer consumption habits determine the consumption scene, the consumption scene determines the channel of consumption; and consumption habits are not grown overnight and cannot change in the short term. For beer businesses, instead of imposing consumer education, trying to change consumer habits through marketing; rather, high-frequency words, large-scale, and deeper.
Consumer research, understanding consumer psychology and adapting to its choices, can capture the advantage of competition. Figure 22: The share of our beer, or drink, sales is relatively high (2020) Figure 23: The proportion of countries, or drinking/not drinking, does not generally change significantly
In other words, the ability of supermarkets to store their goods depends on the company’s performance. According to data for the last 15 years, the sales of independent shops dropped significantly from 62 per cent to 38.9 per cent, and the share of supermarket-type channels rose significantly from 25 per cent to 43.6 per cent.
In supermarkets, consumers’ choices are highly correlated with their selling and displaying. Therefore, future channels for beer businesses should focus more resources and effort on ka supermarket-type distributors.
The share of beer sold in electricity suppliers was only 0.3 per cent a year, and by 2020 it had risen significantly to 11.1 per cent, with electricity suppliers becoming the third largest off-line independent shop, and the share growing. High-speed developments in electricity suppliers favour product power, brand power, but weak channels.
Liquor companies have been able to overturn the traffic. Budweiser, Garsberg, if successful, may have had an impact on the competitive patterns of the beer industry in our country.
In Japan, which is closer to our culture, ethnicity, etc., the share of beer sold in convenience stores is significantly higher than in the country (in 2020, Japan 21.8%/China 1.3%), given the current pace of life and the high rate of urbanization in society.
The number of white collars has increased, and our beer consumption habits are expected to converge with those of Japan. Moreover, our beer sales in convenience stores, although low in recent years, have gained momentum, increasing their sales at 0.1 pct per year since 2017.
Beer brewing – Japan's not going anywhere, but China has a good chance. We still have a low sales share of beer brewing, only 0.1% as of 2020, if reference is made to sales in the United States (13%), Germany (3.8%).
By contrast, we still have 30-100 times the growth space; but if we refer to Japan (0.3%), there seems to be only three times the space. Which country is better placed to serve as a reference pole? The ratio of refined quantities to sales should be taken into account, i.e., the ratio of beer to drink.
The bulk production and sales of large plants that are not fit for industrial patterns are clearly at a disadvantage in the markets where non-i.e., drinking channels account for a greater proportion of the market. In Japan and China, the share is only 10.8%, which is significantly lower than in the United States (16.3%), Germany (25.4%) and China (48.5%).
In terms of current/non-current drinking channels, China’s consumption structure is closer, with reference to the ratio between the US and Germany, there is still much room for improvement in future Chinese production.
The Aoshima beer has been on the market for nearly 30 years now, with four leaders, each with his own distinctive style and business philosophy, a master of the past, and a copy of history that helps us to understand how today's bells are shaped, engraved, and where the future goes.
3.1 1994-2001: Peng’s era: Four-way M&As to collect gold, Peng’s era was a time of massive expansion of blisters and national M&As. The gold period for China’s beer industry in the 1990’s was also the gold period for M&As. Between 1990–2001, our beer production rose from 6.99 million tons.
By 22,89 million tons, the compound rate of growth reached 11.83% in 11 years, during which time the sales radius of beer was only about 150 km due to CO2 inflating and glass bottle rebots, which resulted in a large number of small- and medium-sized beer factories all over the country, providing a large number of alternative businesses for large-scale M&As.
And in '93, the first beer company to be listed on the market raised 1.6 billion dollars through a+h shares, with significant managerial, brand and capital advantages. In order to quickly occupy the off-site area, the barbers chose to be actively involved in the acquisition of small and medium-sized local beer factories. After Peng’s inauguration in 1996, the M&A process was significantly accelerated.
There are more than 40 beer factories in Yangzhou, Hans, Sunshine, North Sea, Flower King, Plains, Lake Hingcay, Eung Sung East, Antarctica, Princess, Goe, Shanghai, Kimbo, Tung, Daejiang, etc., with a special focus on Beijing Three Rings, Five Stars, and Nanning Wantai, which alone add more than 650,000 tons of beer capacity.
Through cross-country M&As, there has been a huge increase in revenue and total assets: corporate revenue rose from $809 million before listing in 1992 to $5.277 billion in 2001, with annual compound rises over nine years, figure 28: M&A expansion has led to high growth in corporate revenue
Figure 29: In M&A era, total corporate assets grew at a high rate, but income growth at this stage did not create a matching return for shareholders. Corporate roe was used more efficiently, from 2.78 times in 1994. (2) But net interest rates for key indicators fell sharply, and they were too slow.
The significant increase in cost management was the main cause of the decline in net interest rates at this stage: from 1993 to 2001, the cost of company sales rose from 2.66 to 16.97 per cent, an increase of 14.3 pct, and the management cost increased from 3.33 per cent to the company ' s regional markets in the northeast and east of the country, which were constrained by a decline in gross sales and delayed company performance.
The competition has intensified, the prices of the products have fallen, but the marketing costs have been difficult to reduce, and some of the affiliates in the region have shown weaker performance than some of the major city subsidiaries. In 2001, two beer factories acquired in Beijing, Ring Three, and Lake Hing Kai, lost $3590 and $17.16 million, respectively, which has delayed the company’s performance.
A loss of $35.73 million. While a large number of M&As in the short term put greater pressure on corporate talent, companies need to place managers in more than 40 M&As, with invisible costs on company talent and management costs.
Figure 32 Cost rates for the periods of the expansionary era: Figure 33: The expansion of the expansionary company Roe ' s Dupont phase has also weakened its capital structure and solvency.
Merit is on the market, which at that time brought the stock debt to 28.4% as low as 28.4%, and after eight years of expansion, up to 2021, the stock price of the beer, although it fluctuated, eventually rose by only 7%. Figure 36: Changes in the stock price of the company during Peng's era (1994-2001)
During Peng’s era, the beverages moved from a local beer to the country. The beer industry began to experience a more intense pattern of competition: in the 1980’s, the old beverage rival, Yin King, was born in Beijing, and took the lead in breaking the pattern of State-run tobacco and alcohol companies buying and selling together, opening the country’s distribution channels, reaching the second highest level of sales in the country in 1994.
Foreign beer giants are also looking at the booming Chinese market. Faced with the fierce competition of “Beyond a wolf, followed by a tiger, followed by a tiger, a group of mice, a bunch of small and medium-sized wine factories in the Green Base Market in Shandong Province, Peng decided to give priority to the merger of small and medium-sized competitors. In the 1990s, we ran a beer.
During the era of the stables, with the rapid expansion of capital advantage from the pre-marketing, large-scale mergers and acquisitions, 46 beer production plants had been established in 2001 in 17 provinces and cities of the country, with a total capacity of 3.8 million tons, and the production and distribution of 2.51 million tons, or 11.04 per cent of the country ' s total, had resulted in production and marketing in the economically developed regions of the country.
3.2 2002-2012: The Golden Shirt Age: A slow process of integration of quality efficiency for profit brands, which we have classified from 2002-2012 as the Golden Shige era. At this stage, domestic beer production is still in progress.
Growth continued, but slowed slightly, from 24.2 million tons in 2002 to 47.7 million tons in 2012, compared with 7.12 per cent in Cagr. The volume of beer sales increased from 29,870 tons to 7.9 million tons in the same period, 10.21 per cent in Cagr, which grew faster than the industry, and the share of sales in industry rose from 12.44 per cent to 12.44 per cent.
16.53%. During the Golden Shirt era, the bean turned to dynamic energy, reduced foreign M&As, started brand integration and actively introduced external strategic investors: there was some accumulation in branding and channeling, which significantly increased the company ' s profitability. As a result, the price of the Qing Chi era stock increased fivefold and continued to win food.
In 2001, Peng died prematurely, and was elected head of the company's board of directors in 2008. The pace of external mergers and acquisitions in this era slowed down, with a focus on the development of the cover, as reported in 2009.
The new year’s outlook begins with a “two-wheel-drive” development model of implicit growth plus expansive expansion, with a shift in focus towards internal system integration, increased utilization of existing capacity, and expansion of existing plant capacity, assets of given parent companies, and acquisition of minority shareholders’ interests of related parties.
The company's project entitled “Development of the Qingdao Beer Favorite Material Mapping Technology for Development” received the 2002 National Science and Technology Progress Second Prize, the first award to a domestic beer company, and, more importantly, to promote technological advances in the company.
Qingdao's exotic production and development of new products have played an important role. Six projects, such as the company's integrated study and application of pure beer stability, were listed as national priority technological innovation projects in 2002 and supported by State financial allocations.
In 2003, the company took the lead in becoming the only beer industry in the country to have an international certification of the four systems of quality, environmental protection, safety and food safety, with a national technology research and development centre.
In 2006, the research results of the company, "The development and application of beer-efficient and low-consumption brewing technologies" were awarded the 2006 "National Science and Technology Progress Second Award." This technology not only reduces the consumption of water, coal, steam, etc. in beer production, but also reduces the fermenting cycle and is a breakthrough innovation in the beer industry.
In October 2002, the company signed with the then world’s largest beer producer, Anhes-Bush (“ab”)
The Agency ' s Strategic Investment Agreement, which is issued in three batches with a total of HK$1,416 million in mandatory debt transfers, increased ab ' s shareholding in green beverages to 20 per cent in 2005 and became the company ' s second-largest shareholder (the company ' s major shareholder is the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, with 30.6 per cent of the shares and the second shareholder is the Hong Kong Central Settlement Agent, with 22.5 per cent of the shares).
Introduction of advanced management methods and models for ab companies to improve the standardization of processes and improve consistency of taste; Increased efficiency in the use of sugar processing processes. Enhancement of sugar-based energy without increasing the input of fixed assets.
In May of the same year, ab sold the remaining 7.1% of the shares to Chen Hae-tree. Continuously adjusted brand matrix, low-end product structure strategy for high school.
2003: 1+3 brand model, in which the main brand has already reached 1.06 million tons, and the second brand year: 76% of the company’s 1+3 brand sales rose to 94% by 08. The strategy of maintaining low-end high schools and increasing the market sales at the middle and high end in line with China’s rising consumption levels.
The market echoed well in 2010, when high-end varieties such as pure beer were introduced, such as the high-end oguts, the clean products, etc. The pure, hearing, and small bottles grew by 26%, and the company’s Māori ratio rose by 0.6 pct to 35.2%.
In 2005, the company became a sponsor of the 08 Beijing Olympic Games, and was named Dream China, a major television event, which was organized by the Chinese government and organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China.
Using the Olympic Games and Dream China to promote the company's “Dream of Passive Achievement” brand idea, to further promote brand visibility and reputation, to maintain the “China Beer Brand” site, which is most popular with domestic and foreign consumers.
The Olympic marketing campaign, which was launched in 2007 under the theme “Spiriting, Olympic Companion,” gave a powerful boost to the company’s Olympics through marketing campaigns such as “Qingjia Beer-Todo City” and “Qingjia Beer-I'm the Champion”
The implementation of the marketing strategy has raised brand influence and reputation. – In 2008, in partnership with the United States Nba’s successful strategy, outreach activities such as the Qingdao beer – the nba cheerleading competition – were planned to increase the influence of the Qingdao beer brand.
• A Qingdao beer "Dance Dance" cheerleading competition was held in 2011 and successfully signed up for the 2012 London Olympics' Chinese Sports Champion Team and the US Nba Hot Team, raising brand image and channeling: a marketing model for large clients plus micro-operated.
Marketing patterns, adherence to regional base markets, continuous strengthening and in-depth marketing networks and increased market development, resulting in sustained growth in base markets such as Shandong and Shaanxi and a steady increase in market occupancy rates; improved control of end-users, deepening of relationships with distributors, fostering of strategic distributors and upgrading of regional markets
The pace of growth of companies in the Golden Shire era, though slightly lower than in the previous period, has remained relatively strong.
Figure 41: Dupont’s split by the Golden Shige era company Roe’s “two-wheel-drive” model of the company’s gradual shift from expansion growth to endogenous growth slowed the growth of the company’s assets to 10.22 per cent in 10 years, but the company’s capital structure was thus superior.
At this stage, the main competitor of the beverages is Hua Yun's beer. Hua Yun's beer is a joint venture created in 1994 by China's company, Hua Yun's subsidiary, and the international beer giant Sabmiller, with 51% of the shares, and 49% of the shares of the beers. The strong and powerful shareholders background in China and China not only provides sufficient capital for Hua Yun's beer.
This support, and more so, provides a wealth of capital experience and advanced management of beer businesses. In 1995-2008, Chinese wine acquired more than 40 beer factories in Sichuan Asia and the Pacific, Xiamei, Shenyang beer, Beijing beer, Sichuan Blue Sword, etc., making Hua-yun's beer sales the largest in China since 2006.
We can see that in the Golden Shigeon era, the blisters slowed down the expansion of M & As, although the financial indicators of the Department's financial profitability, capital structure, solvency and so on were significantly improved, it was also wrong.
The last window period of the beer industry’s M&As was missed, and the first place to lose the beer beverages. Another sad part of the beverages is the difficulty of cutting off the M&A brands compared to Huayun, where the company’s brand strategy went from “1+3” in 2003 to “1+3+n” in 2011 and was streamlined in 2014 to “1+3+n” in 2011.
“1+1+n,” further streamlined to “1+1” in 2015, and focused on the Qingdao brand by 2018. Repeated changes in the brand strategy have reduced the visibility of the Qingdao brand, causing a wave of costs in marketing and production resources, and causing the Qingdao brand to lose its golden phase of development.
3.3 The Sun Mingbo era 2012-2017: “Stable growth, structural adjustment” responded to the slow growth of the industry, “New Normal” Sun Mingbo era, when companies faced a period of increased and reduced sales in the beer industry and a shift in the dynamic energy of growth in the industry.
In June 2012, Sun Mingbo was elected Chairman of Qing Bing Bing Bing. Mr Sun was the deputy director, chief engineer, assistant general manager, chief engineer, vice president, marketing director, etc., who served as president of Qing Bing Bing Dynasty during his tenure.
In 2017, during Sun Mingbo’s term, the beer production in China exceeded the industry’s growth rate. The following year, after China’s history peaked in 2013, it began to decline. In 2013-2017, the production of beer in China fell from 49,83 million tons to 4,401,000 tons, and the cagr to 3.06%. During the same period, sales of beer increased from 4.5 million tons to 7.97 million tons.
Cagr is 15.36%, well above industry levels. But at this stage, companies are too concerned about the growth of sales, and there is a shortage of high-end inputs and methods compared to those leading by the same industry. At this stage, the public sector’s revenue/profit growth rate has dropped significantly, and in 2013-2017, the stock price of the blisters was above the price of food beverages.
Index, but running food beverages since June 2015 is the only stock price increase in green beverages that continues to be below the industry index. Energy expansion and adjustment: “two-wheel drive” continues to be implemented.
• In 2013, the integration of the green bean and the tritley (China) into the Chinese market was officially launched, a framework agreement was signed at the end of the year for the purchase of 50 per cent of the kale beer, and cooperation with Zhang's new bell tower beer was successfully achieved. The project to build a new 200,000-litre beer factory was launched at Zhang's mouth, bringing the company's competitive advantage in the North China market to a higher level
• In 2014, the company acquired 55 per cent of the stock of Lansa Beers Ltd. in Shandong, further strengthening its share and competitive advantage at the base in Shandong City; a number of relocation and expansion projects were completed, including the Green Boiling III, Jaizawa and Gansu.
Starting in 2015, the scale of investment in new production capacity will be reduced and new products such as market consumption will be upgraded to higher-value-added products, i.e., canned products.
• In 2014, the company adapted its brand strategy from “1+4” to “1+1+n”, i.e., the Qingdao beer master brand + the national second brand of Qingshan beer + regional brands such as Hans, Mountain Water, Silver Wheat, etc., to “n” the Han, Mountain Water, Silver Wheat and other brands that belonged to the second brand.
*2015. The brand strategy is further streamlined to “1+1.” Implementation of the brand strategy “Aoshima's beer master + Aoyama's beer second brand.” Marketing strategy: Four brands as one.
:: Active sports marketing and marketing continued, with companies developing and launching new products, such as the Qingdao Beers and Football Memorial aluminium Bottles, in conjunction with the 2014 World Cup, to create a solidized World Cup consumption experience, including through national thematic marketing and the interactive dissemination of new media outlets, with better market effects
The company’s second brand is now officially a cba official partner. – In 2015, the company organized large-scale marketing around such sports and music events as the “Happy Time” branding, cba leagues, show-and-dance cheerleadings, sea beer festivals, and “breed-in-of-joy” sports and music competitions.
Campaigns to boost consumer demand through thematic marketing, interactive media dissemination, field experiences, etc., have raised the recognition and popularity of Qingdao beer among young consumers.
Channels and market strategies: Deep-plowing country-wide efforts to deepen and promote the marketing model of “big customers plus micro-businesses.” On the one hand, the consolidation and strengthening of Shandong and Shandong will continue.
Provinces like the West, where the market is well developed and the market in the surrounding region is sold. On the other hand, companies pool their resources, increase the development and integration of the growing market, continue to promote the construction of the base market in the provincial base market and in the factories, create regional synergies, effectively increase production efficiency and lead to the production of the product.
Creates a distribution network covering the main markets of the country. As of 16 years, 15,924 businesses have been in operation since 2014, with electricity suppliers developing a leading business, leading the way to the Cablecat Flagship, followed by the establishment of official flagship stores in Kyundong, Shop No. 1, Amazon, etc., and the launch of the City of Microbusiness, the first to cross the border.
China’s beer industry in mobile shopping has evolved into a stereo-based e-commerce channel system for official flagship shops + official malls + online retailers + distribution stores. – In 2015, online “breathing fast” app, to be “move fingers, beer to home,” to be beer.
The first industry platform, O2o, launched in 16 years, proposed the development of a coastal, river basin market and the promotion of provincial and factory-based base markets in 17 years, further summed up as a “one-size-fits-all” strategic market layout.
Product strategy: In keeping with the trend of diversification, high-end and personalization of beers, innovation in brewing, taste and packaging, development of productions such as Hong Kong Bing, Classic 1903, all-meat white beverages, miraculous beverages, dates black beers, 5l raw beer, etc.
Overall assessment: Sun’s green beers coincided with a special historical period in China’s beer industry, and their special features began to be highlighted by the excess capacity of the industry. The country’s beer production has continued to decline since its peak in 2013.
The 24-year-long growth period ended with a shift from active expansion of capacity to optimal distribution of capacity, with the elimination of excess capacity, and the 2015 rebreeding of the plant becoming the big starter of the industry’s housekeeper’s decapitation.
The dominant mode of M&As has also shifted from mergers/debt-taking takeovers/stockholdings of small and medium-sized beer factories in large-scale enterprises to the purchase of 55% of green Lansa beers and their marketing networks.
Merger participation, acquisition of domestic beer assets, such as: Chinese beer in 2013 for goldweed beer, introduced in 2016 for sabmiller to hold shares in sabmillers; Bwai beer in 2013 for Asian beer, 2014 for gold beers, rich beers, 30 per cent acquisition of beers from Pearl River in 2016 for boxing cat sperm.
Beer brewing. Of particular concern is a series of aggressive capital operations following Kasper ' s entry into the main beverages: in 2013, he increased his stockholding to 60%, became a controlling shareholder, and quickly acquired a large amount of high-quality assets from the domestic beer industry over the next six years, which was then consolidated into a and b asset packs (a package is mainly for Xinjiang Usu, Xinjiang).
In a short period of time, the brand matrix, base markets, sales channels, and so on, grew rapidly. In Sun’s time, the company’s overall business was largely stagnant:
Figure 45: The growth of corporate revenues in the transitional adjustment phase Figure 47: A slight increase in total corporate assets in the transitional adjustment phase, down to 7.55%, from very good to mediocrity levels.
At this stage, higher sales costs have slowed the profitability of greens. In terms of profitability, firm gross interest rates have not changed significantly over the corresponding period, and have remained at about 40% of the volatility, and at about 40% of the cost of the period.
Even in horizontal contrasts, sales costs are too high. In 2017, for example, the beer business was 40.64% of the Māori, which is lower than in the Bawe Asia-Pacific (51.73%), but still higher than other competitors (Māori rates: 33.7% in Huayun, 38% in Yinjung, 39.35%); but Bírón is still higher than in other competitors (Māori rates over the same period: 33.7% in Huayun, 38% in Yinjing, and 39.35% in heavy beer);
21.95 per cent of sales costs are for beer (14.65 per cent), Yinjing (13.23 per cent), Huayun (16.58 per cent), 100 figure 52: cost rates during the transition adjustment period. Did higher sales cost rates for beer lead to higher sales or higher rates of revenue?
Despite the cost of selling the beer at the top of the industry, the pick-up rate is largely at the same level as that of the industry, and there is no single year in which it can exceed the cost of Chinese beer for its main opponent.
Figure 54: The 2012-2017 pick-up rate lags behind that of Hua-yun, why does the higher sales cost input not yield a corresponding return on sales income? The main difference, we think, is the difference between the two strategies for acquiring brand names.
A beer company, both of which acquired a large amount of local beer brands and assets, retained a large amount of local brands and, after more than a dozen years of misalignment, eventually opted for the Qingdao branding model, a process that resulted in wasted sales costs and production resources and reduced the visibility of the Qingdao brand.
And the competitor Huo Yun's beers have been strong on snowflake brands since 2002, fast-tracking them under snowflake brands, turning snowflakes into national brands, raising the profit of its marketing resources from 3.42018 to the present: 100-year-olds rekindled.
In comparison with the industry, there is a slight decline in beer sales and a significant increase in capacity.
The corporate management fee rate rose by 0.4 pct, and the financial rate rose by a small 1 pct, but the sales rate fell by nearly 5 pcct. In terms of financial indicators, the company’s net interest rate, the rise in roe in recent years, almost all of which came from 5 percentage points of sales, increased significantly from 3.33% to 16.97% in Peng’s era, and increased in the Golden Shige era.
Up to 19.1%, rising to 21.95% in Sun Mingbo, has become the main factor influencing corporate profit levels, and sales costs have fallen by a significant 5 percentage point during the Yellow King era, reversing the trend of years before. . ..and, compared to the country’s major competitors, the blisters have also fallen sharply from the highest sales rates in the industry in 2018.
Did the lower sales cost affect the sale of company products? No. From revenue profits, for example: from 2018 to 2021, the net profits of the company were collected/retributed to the mother.
By 2021, growth had risen to 23.13%, the highest level ever. How can companies increase their sales rates while at the same time lowering their sales rates?
In addition, the increase in corporate revenue since 2018 is not due to sales growth, but rather to product prices and product balances.
4.1 Brands: 100-year-old legends are deeply rooted and are still waiting for old trees and flowers, and we believe that the brand value of the brands is derived from their centuries-old sediments, the accumulation of credit for years in beer competitions, and, in recent decades, in the public discourse. The brands themselves are deeper.
The thick moat, which constitutes a brand monopoly, makes it difficult for competitors to easily hit their brand position in the short term. The company’s brand of “Aoshima Beer” is one of the country’s first ten brands, which for many years in a row has been rated the highest-profile brand in the domestic beer industry by the world’s brands.
The company’s brand value has increased from year to year, and by 2021, the brand value of Qingdao was 198566 million, the wine industry was first in line, and the brand value of the three brands Qingdao, Jiayama, Hans and others had exceeded 300 billion yuan. As early as 1996, Deputy Prime Minister Zhu Jianji said, “China is the only brand in the world that is famous for its products.”
But too many second brands have blocked the company’s branding process. During the acquisition process since the 1990’s, the green bean did not give up the acquisition of other brands in time, and the brand strategy was volatile.
Resources such as marketing, channels, production capacity are wasted on some brands that are on the verge of elimination, weakening the branding of the company’s main brand, missing the best opportunities for re-engineering and optimizing production capacity, leading to a decline in the use of the company’s assets, and lagging behind in the company’s high-end process.
The company, which has many brands, such as Shanxihans, Shandong Hill, Xuzhou Peng City, Guangzhou Hill Water, Fujian Great White Shark, has tried to develop other brands in parallel with the Qingdao master brand (“1+5”), streamlined in 2003 by retaining three brands, Xiaoshan, Shan Shui and Hans, which form “1+3”
The period 2011-2015 is a period of greater strategic re-engineering of corporate brands, starting with the addition of some other brands to the second brand, forming "1+3+n."
In August 2014, the company adapted its brand strategy to “1+1+n,” the Qingdao beer master brand + the country’s second brand, regional brands such as Qingshan beer + Hans, mountain water, silver and wheat. – In 2015, the company once again adapted its brand strategy to implement Qingdao’s brand + 1+1 brand.
In 2018, the company’s brand sales grew faster than total sales of Qingjia’s brand, and its branding structure began to improve. When Huang Kexi took office, Qingjia’s brand was upgraded, and the brand structure was optimized.
The trend is that since 2011, Qingdao's brand has been growing at a slower rate than other brands, so Qingdao's branding has continued to decline until it was reversed when Huang Ke Hing took office in 2018, followed by an increase in major brand sales and a concentration of corporate brand strategies.
1 Extracted from the cctv Finance Channel, as reported in the 1996 visit to the Qingdao Beers Group in Chujuki. Figure 65: Changes in the speed of sales of the Qingdao and other brand names: Figure 64: Structure of sales of the Qingdao and other brands
Not only is the beard cutting down its second brand, but the way to strengthen the Qingdao brand is still far away; the Qingdao brand itself is somewhat weak in supporting the company’s high-end process, and its high-end path is too long. The Qingdao brand itself needs to cover all levels, from the general public to the high-end, which invisibly weakens the Qingdao master.
In addition, in the high-end, super-high-end category, the green bean may not be able to meet the growing demand for consumption and the different types of consumption scenes, especially in some nightclubs, high-end clubs, etc.
In the drinking scene, the branding of the bean was slightly thin, at the expense of one of the smoothest high-end and highest-origin rivals, such as heavy beverages, Huayun, and Bawei, who, by contrast, were actively building the branded army of “local powerful brands plus international high-end brands” and were in a much better position to compete for brand power.
After Kasper's arrival, he was placed in a large amount of assets, with a sharp distinction between high-end international brands and powerful local products, making him a leading domestic brand of high-end beer. In an external M&A, he built a brand of brands, creating a snowflake of “bubbles white as snow, smelling like flowers.”
The strong position of brands; at the same time, in cooperation with the leading international beer giants, high-end brands and advanced business management experience were introduced. After entering China, Bawei took a far-reaching lead in high-end and above markets, and in international branding.
For example, the Chinese brand of Harbin, one of the oldest beer brands under the flag, has been continuously upgraded, mainly in high- and above/middle and middle- and high-end markets. Why, on the one hand, would it be necessary to say that the green beads would have to give up a large number of brands acquired by mergers and acquisitions in a decisive manner, highlighting the main brand:
On the one hand, it's called for a better product matrix, mainly because of differences in brand positioning. High-end is a necessary route for the beer industry.
The combined "6+6" combination, and the "Bueway+Hare Upgrade" combination of Budweed serve this direction. And the large number of small and medium brands that beaded and bought are all from the "little mice" captured in the context of the "pre-wolves, post-hogs, mid-rats" of the past century's Presidentate, existing brand positions, target groups, etc.
It cannot support its high-end, and instead of forming a synergy, it drags the entire Qingjia beer high channel 4.2: the Zagenziru has a great deal of potential for market distribution along the coast. 4.2.1
Shandong Province, which is the base market for green bean, contributed more than half of the revenue and sales. In 2021, Shandong contributed $18.26 billion in sales revenue and $5.1432 million in sales, representing 57-56% of total current revenue/total sales, respectively, to the base market. Shandong Province is the largest province in China for beer sales.
China also contributed 21% of its revenue and 21% of its sales in 2021. The cities of Xingxi, Shanxi, and Hebei provinces have a higher share, and we expect that they will.
The three provinces, with 74%, 39% and about 40% respectively, have the highest rates of beer companies in the local municipalities. The blisters are the highest in Hong Kong and the overseas markets (6.02.2), followed by the south-eastern region ($3.822), but the share of revenue is lower.
The market also maintains the highest tonnage, and the lowest selling tonnage in the East China region, reflecting the fiercely competitive environment in which the blisters are located. Based on the Shandong base market, and the North China regional advantage market, the company first presented its “cumulation” in its annual report in 2015.
Over the next two years, essentially along the Eastern Hills Base Market, the Tigers have continued to guard against back yard fires.
In recent years, the dependence on Shandong Province has increased. Both sales and sales have increased in Shandong Province’s share of the country’s regions in recent years. Therefore, special attention needs to be paid to Shandong’s low-end product structure, where sales and depreciation advantages have boosted net profits.
While low-end brands are relatively high and product structures tend to be low, leading to a moderate rate of Maori in Shandong Province, net interest rate indicators in Shandong market are still relatively advanced in all regions, mainly due to the long-established local consumer identity of the broom, the scale effects of the high city occupancy rate, and the local presence of the broom.
The relatively low cost of sales and the significantly lower rate of depreciation amortization/purchasing compared to other regions (except Hong Kong and the overseas regions) have resulted in higher net interest rates in the region.
Figure 71: Comparison of regional net Māori rates in 2021 must take into account the possible erosion of the Shandong base market by competitors in the context of the high-end beer process, such as the July 2021 agreement with the government of Jinan Changcho to invest
1.3 billion yuan to build a 10-ton-grade beer factory. Product targeting is dominated by bottled snowflakes, medium- and high-grade bottlers, and deaf snowflakes. The project is designed to produce 19.4% of the 21-year-old sales in Shandong, although its medium- and low-end products are highly recognized in Shandong Province, Huayun is the country's highest sales.
The beer industry, which has shut down 33 factories throughout the country, has entered Shandong Province, and has built large-scale plants in the south of the country, which should be given sufficient attention.
The northern part of China is a base market outside Shandong. The northern part of China’s yellow market includes areas such as Shanxi, Shanxi, Henan, Shandong, and others, where the provinces of Shanxi and Shanxi, with the exception of Shandong Base Market, are largely at the top of the local market, except for Henan, where the latter’s market is not in the lead.
And (1) Henan Province, as the country’s first largest province with the highest beer production, is the home of the army in the beer industry. (2) The local beer tap is Venus beer, accounting for about 40% of the market share. For the beer, compared to other rivals such as Huayun, Bawei, Gasper, and others, Venus beer is branded, sold, sold, sold.
Production size, high-end levels, etc. are all at a disadvantage, and are the competitors most likely to win. (3) Henan should be the first target of his efforts to break through and raise the city’s share of power.
Beware that the northern part of the country is the second-largest region in terms of the maorigin rate, with only 28.89%, just above the East China level of 26.81%. In the context of the Henan expansion, care should be taken to control profit levels and avoid the long-term loss of revenue in Henan markets. The possible solution is a strategic concession to low-end markets.
Middle- and high-end products make a breakthrough. 4.2.4 Coastal markets: There is much to be gained from the vastness of the coastal market, which, despite its vastness, has a low contribution to the green beak. As of 2021, South-South China, East-East China, South-East China, South-East China, South-East China, South-East China, South-East China, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South Asia, South-East Asia, South-East Asia, South-West Asia, South-Africa, South Asia, South Africa, South-South, South Africa, South-West Asia, South Africa, South-West Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South-West
Three combined contributions of 20.31 per cent and sales of 21.75 per cent. Of these, the South-South region contributed 9.79 per cent, after the North-East and North-East regions. However, the two broad regions are in a vulnerable position, as evidenced by the low share of green beaks in the local city. We expect the green beaks to be in the Guangdong market.
In the South China region, especially in Guangdong Province, it has been hit by the international brand Bwai and faced with the local Pearl River.
Under intense market competition in the South China region, beer has had to pay a higher percentage of its costs. In recent years, sales costs in the South China region have continued to be high, as a result of which the high Māori South China area has contributed only to low net interest rates.
After that, the region’s share of the green beverages fell year after year. Figure 76: South China’s contribution to the green beards continued to decline.
The area contributes 8.04/9.52 per cent to the collection/distribution of green beverages, which is close to the south of China as a whole. In terms of city coverage, the city is in the forefront of all brands in Shanghai, where it is close to 50 per cent, Jiangsu is about 27 per cent, and Jiangsu is in the lower position, with 15 per cent in Anhui, which is a big difference from the top Huayun (about 65 per cent).
The region’s main rivals have changed from Bwai to Huayun, but the level of competition has remained constant. The higher sales discounts drag on the company’s performance, resulting in lower indicators of the region’s Māori rate, net interest rates, etc. than that of the main rival, China’s snowflakes.
In recent years, the East China region has been the only region with sustained losses in its region. In recent years, it has shut down several beer factories in the areas of Lake An Quai, Yangpu, Zhejiangtai, Fujianang, and others. In the coming years, we expect that this process may be further sustained in order to increase capacity utilization and achieve the region at an early date.
A marketing model of “big customer + micro-operate” in the domestic market has yielded some results. But, in some regions, research on channels has also revealed problems: the cost of company channels is weak and the capacity of the outlets is inadequate: the share of high-end products is significantly lower than that of BH, J. and China, and the phenomenon is still worsening;
Changes in marketing leadership in the south-east region have affected the psychological expectations of distributors and so on. On the one hand, rapid coverage of as many regions as possible is achieved through regional firms, and end-market sales are reached through various channels under major firms.
On the other hand, in the base market, the model of provincial + office + workstations + grass-roots business teams is used, and regional profiling of marketing personnel is used to optimize customer visits by marketing personnel by digital means to increase the number of their clients visiting each day.
In addition, the company has accumulated over the years, resulting in a network marketing system for the official flagship + the official business town + the network retailer + the distribution store, the online “breath purchase” app, and the improvement of online sales channels for the company's products.
4.3 Product: A new product abundance 4.3.1 Price belts cover the full high-end layout of the company ' s high-end product categories prior to 2012, with the company ' s successful launch of the Agu after 2012
High-end products such as Quantico, All Macbeth, Pearson, Qingdao Black, 2021, 2022, and more, the introduction of the $119.1399 one-in-one super-high-end Qingdao magma/I legend, which opened up the product, have increased the sales and share of high-end company products in recent years, but at a slower pace than expected.
A high-high/high/medium/low-end brand matrix has been developed, high-end intentions have been evident, high-end product occupancy has increased, and there has been a clear trend towards optimized corporate brand structure and product ranking upgrading. But, in total, high-end products have been reduced by the company’s strategy to develop a second brand.
The high-end upgrading of the company’s product structure can also be hampered by the low branding of the company.
Figure 80: Comparison of the share of heavy and high-end products with sales of 520,000 tons.
Augut was added 15 years ago, with the classic 1903, 16 years of deafening, vials, 20 years of 100-year travel, amberrag. It was called “high value-added products” or high-end products 13 years ago. Then it was unified into high-end products.
There is a strong level of scientific and technological innovation in the field of research and development.
It has been possible to build up a stock of products covering a variety of types of beer, such as pure, raw, black, white, and ipa.
Aluminium cans are pure, ipa concentrate was introduced in 2017, and black beverages were launched in 2018. 5. There is much room for improved internal governance.
But there is still much room for progress. This is reflected in the fact that the efficiency of the use of fixed assets can be further enhanced. In 2021, the total stock of grasshopper was about 46.6 billion yuan, which is 4.04 times the amount of heavy beer, but the sales were 7.93 million tons, which was only heavy.
By contrast, the overall turnover rate of beer has been declining steadily in recent years, from 1.11 (Community 1) in 2010 to 0.69 (Community 3) in 2021, and the low efficiency in the use of fixed assets has eroded corporate profitability.
The sales/total revenue ratio increased from 2.81 per cent to 3.79 per cent, although it is still a relatively good level in the industry, but there is still a slight difference in comparison with heavy beer. Both companies have improved the efficiency of the use of their assets by cutting off excess capacity, subject to a generally consistent pattern of depreciation.
Incentives to raise staff pay incentives. In recent years, there has been some improvement in corporate employee earnings, but, as a result of more significant salary increases in companies such as Huayun and heavy beverages, the level of remuneration for beverages has fallen significantly short of that of their counterparts.
More competitive levels can increase stability, attract talent, and motivate existing workers to work. Horizontally, high-paying companies generally have higher per capita income. Vertically, firms that have been active in raising their salaries in recent years have largely been generating income per capita.
Figure 83: A comparison of per capita remuneration in the head beer industry shows. The refiller was adjusted to the total number of employees in 2020 due to a major asset restructuring in 2021.
Figure 85: Income-generating growth driven by a rise in per capita pay, cost control has become a priority. 6.94pc, however, its industry ranking has been reduced from 1st to 1st and must be valued in this process.
In 2021, the volume of beer sold amounted to 7.93 million tons, a small difference from Bawe (8.79 million tons) and Huayun (11.06 million tons), still ranked 3rd in the industry, but the larger sales did not have a scale effect. The cost of young beer sold in 2021 (assumptioned) was around $2367.
In the high industry, the combined cost increase of 5.17 per cent over the last three years is also significantly higher than that of a colleague. Figure 88: The higher rate of cost increases in the nearly three-year-old young ton (2018-2021) was less than expected.
A number of attempts by companies to introduce a war offer failed to achieve significant results: cooperation with Bewei (Peysser's predecessor, “ab Company”): ab acquired 5 per cent of its shares at the time of the 1993 commercialization of the young beavers in Hong Kong, and in 2002 acquired a transferable debt and transferred shares year by year.
In this way, 27% of the stock held was the second-largest shareholder of the broom. But the entry of ab did not significantly improve its popularity, and in 2009 Bwi Yingbo sold the birch shares and withdrew.
In less than five years, the stars have insisted on selling all the shares. In the period from 93 to 22 years, almost 30 years, the external campaign has not improved significantly.
105%, 105%, sales are slightly higher than production, and the overall output is balanced, so we believe that the company has the capacity to sell the stock in order to make a reasonable arrangement. Marketing: in Sandong Province, the company’s base market was more affected by the epidemic in March 2222, and the beer consumption scene was hit.
Against this background, the sales of the Qingdao main brand/other brands grew by 0%/-6.88% at 22q1, and it can be seen that the impact of the Qingdao brand was significantly lower than that of the other brands, even in the event of an outbreak.
The effect of the beer sales season is clear, with sales in the fourth quarter of the calendar year at around 10%, and in the second and third quarters the sales season. In recent years, Qingdao’s brand has grown significantly faster than other brands, resulting in an increase in sales of Qingdao brands.
Unit price: Although the company did not disclose quarterly Qingdao/other brand tonnage data, it is assumed that in recent years the prices of the company’s tonnage have continued to rise on a quarterly basis, at a pace of about 3-6%. Taking into account 21 years of higher ton price increases, the cost of the company (and 21 years of cost) includes: direct materials (64.15%), direct labour
• Direct material: about 4 per cent in the middle of the growth rate compared to the amount of direct material consumed in recent years by the company in tons of alcohol. We expect this rate to be maintained in the future.
Direct labour: In the last three years, the direct labour cost of alcohol consumption has increased by 2.8 per cent, -3.4 per cent and 1.1 per cent, respectively, and has been balanced by fluctuations, so we have taken the direct labour cost of alcohol consumption since 2018 (since the inauguration of President Huang Keheing).
• Manufacturing costs: this indicator has fluctuated considerably in recent years, and the overall rate of growth in the manufacturing cost of the ton of alcohol consumption is around 5%, and we expect to maintain that rate in the future. Outsourcing of finished products: the rate of growth has slowed slowly in recent years, and we predict a difference in the rate of growth over the next three years.
Main period costs: projected taxes and surcharges of 8 per cent of revenue (as compared to previous periods); risk of higher prices of raw materials and package materials, increased competition and insufficient demand in the industry, food safety and reputational risks in the industry, trademark infringement, taking into account the over-anticipated impact of the distribution epidemic and its control policies on the beer consumption scene and distribution channels in recent years
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific recommendations or views in this report, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is null and void. The market is at risk, and the investor, Port-Services Inc. (“the company”) is an institution qualified for legal securities investment consultancy.
Investors should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, should make their own investment decisions and bear their own investment risks, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. The company does not bear any direct or indirect loss or any other loss associated with the use of the material contained in this report.