Peace Bank (00001): The net interest spread ring event: On April 26, the Bank published its report for the first quarter of 2022.
26.8%. The weighted average roe is 14.1%, an increase of 1.82 pct. The assessment is as follows:
Net profits are growing at a higher rate, driven by size, interest, and provision. 1q22 yields increased by 10.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis; Large personal customer base, strong brand influence, broad net profits increased by 26.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, continuing the upward trend.
Distribution networks and well-developed integrated financial product systems that maintain steady growth in overall net interest income (+7.3 per cent over the same period); non-interest income increases of 18.7 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from the promotion of retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks
At the end of the expenditure, the cost income was 26.2 per cent, a 1.92 pct decline in the same year, with a strong core competitiveness support. Efficiency gains.
Overall, size, non-interest income, and the provision for positive contributions to profits have been greater, driving the net profit up. 7bp. Rings up by 6bp from 4q21. The net-rate gap ring improvement is mainly due to interest-bearing asset gains.
Increase in rate (+5bp) and equalized cost ratio of interest-bearing liabilities. End of asset: loan average rate of return ring: liquidity b/h (millions) End of liability: average cost-rate ratio of interest-bearing liabilities is equal to 2.18 per cent, benefiting from optimization of the liability structure (suspension)
The average daily balance of deposits as a proportion of the average daily balance of interest-bearing liabilities rose from 1.98 to 68.2 per cent in the previous year; assets remained robust in quality, with security cushions provided. At the end of March, the rate of non-performing bank loans was 1.02 per cent, with the ring being equal.
The impact on the overall asset quality is expected to be manageable, given the poor or still upward trend in the real estate sector. Forward-looking indicator: Focus on loan rates The group's overall financial advantage is prominent. 1) The recipient side: group customer migration continues to advance and contribute to the company
Quality customer resources. 2) Science and technology: The Group values science and technology and continuously increases its input, enabling effective bank retail strategic transformation through the sharing of corporate science and technology resources. 3) The product side: Relying on the Group's integrated financial advantage, it can provide one-stop financial products and services to clients and operate and sell through integration and cross-marketing.
S1480197002 Retail transition to a new phase, with the private sector growing rapidly.
A strategic shift in sales operations, supported by group resources and supported by science and technology finance, resulted in a significant retail transition. s148051070000032021 saw the safe bank upgrade of retail transformations and proposed a new "Five Ones" model to integrate consolidated silver.
Retail financial services such as rows, ai banks, remote banks, offline banks, open banks, etc., have strengthened technology and enabled retail operations to take off again. Retail customers aum aum a3.36 trillion by the end of March, compared to the previous year a trillion. Retail sales are expected to lead to faster growth in revenue, helping to optimize the structure of deposits and promoting companies.
Greater performance in public business and good growth in business demand deposits. In the last few years, Peacebanks have taken the initiative to exit excess-capacity industries, high-risk assets, stock problem assets have been largely cleared, and public assets have been of full quality.
At the same time, top-heavy growth, selection of industries, customers, products, investment in light assets, low capital, business, and good performance in public business. As the "3+2+1" continues to advance on public strategy, corporate strategy is a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The positive impact of customer outreach is accompanied by a good growth in business demand deposits and a reduction in the cost of debt. Investment proposal: We think it’s safe bank ‘retail wealth + good wealth + good asset quality for public good’.
Co-drivers of increased profitability. 1) The growth logic of retail strategy drive remains unchanged. Group-integrated finance and financial technology enable the retail transition. Retail-lined channels, back-to-back, remain large, and private sector and wealth management operations are expected to maintain high growth rates.
After the group adjusts the risk preferences, the return on the risk is better and the profits on the line are further enhanced. 2) With a sharpened strategy for public works, it is expected that the asset quality will be stabilized, thereby achieving a weak cycle of profitability. 3) Asset quality figure 1: The net profit of the safe bank of 1q22 will increase by 26.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 2: The net profit of the bank 1q22 grew by 26.8 per cent over the same period, with an increase in the speed ring ratio. Figure 3: The performance of the bank in 2020 and 2021 splits.
Figure 4: Interest-bearing bank assets at the end of 2021 increased by 10.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, Figure 5: Bank of Peace is poor, concerned and overdue at a steady rate, Figure 7: Bank of Peace retail loans are growing steadily
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the East is a source of wealth and prosperity.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports Peace Bank (00001): The net profit gap ring has risen and performance has continued to rise.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.