Food beverages/beverages made in the world (603369.sh) are two-wheel-drive, brand-plus channels.
The company's predecessor, a high- and middle-level ditch in the province, was placed on the market in July 2014. The company-owned industry situation: the crowding effect is becoming more visible and concentration is increasing.
By 2019, 7.86 million tons of alcohol and 4.1% in 12 years have shown a downward trend in the number of alcohol businesses of more than size over the past 12 years, with a total profit of 20.55% in 12 years. Industry cr5 accounts for less than 20%, and there is still much room for improvement, compared to foreign cr5 for 60%.
• Core competitiveness: brand + Channel is driven by two wheels, continuing to deepen five-power engineering.
Second, at the end of the product: the sub-end share has risen steadily, the national series has risen from 46% in 2014 to about 70% in 2019, and the state-owned corporate engine. Third, at the end, at the end of the channel: 1, implementation of the “1+1” in-depth marketing model, insisting on flattening the refined crop.
The 13 regions of the province have been restructured into six regions, with regional managers directly connected to the municipal and district offices; and 2, with the goal of fostering the core population, with the share of the national income group exceeding 60 per cent, with the share of the old k sector exceeding 80 per cent, with the share of the Yachian group exceeding 40 per cent, and the share of the collection series exceeding 60 per cent.
• Future point: development in and out of the province, five years to quadrupling. First, at the end of the product: maintaining the strategy of “enhanced layout of the new v, as a strong k, tactical addition of the new k, as an accelerator”, in which v3, as sales, v6, as an addition, as an image of v9, in the next five years.
Second, regional expansion: the “1+2+4+n” strategy is maintained outside the province, and there are three modes of expansion outside the province (the proposed acquisition of wine and wine for the viewing industry, cooperation with the Zhejiang business sector and Anhui Bichuan, performance increases in line with expectations, collection in 2020 or still).
Focusing on the model market - Shandong Region is a useful attempt, with a target of $1.2 billion in sales (tax caliber) in 2023.
The company is now in a period of energy release, with the product structure continuously optimized, the internal channels sank, and the out-of-the-way expansion.
1. With the expansion of the Jiang Su-bhai market, where the company ' s internal channels are well developed, the provincial and municipal presence is expected to increase further; the rural and sub-provincial base is growing rapidly and is expected to become the largest market outside the province.2 The three major brands of the company are clearly located, with the tera+ and tera groups slowing down as the base expands.
As the base is growing at a slower pace, the cd category has declined as a result of the streamlining of products and adjustment.
Market openings and the readjustment of ocean channels since 2019q2 have led us to capture part of the river’s share of the economy, but we believe that the company’s brand has continued to grow for the last three years, v leading the old k family, the country’s high brand power, and the 400-dollar price of the four-card slots has brought the business of the nation’s buy-in.
The market believes that the company ceiling has become more visible, but we think that the whole market is expanding, that the river and the world are not mutually exclusive, that the two are competing, that there is still much room for opening up in the south of the country, that the Sou wine market cakes are bigger, and that both the river and the world are the most direct.
The company is currently in a period of energy release, the product structure continues to be optimized, the internal channels sank, and the external expansion is orderly.
2 - National adjustment to the white wine policy; 3 - out-of-provincial expansion below expectations; 4 - core product growth below expectations.
1. Company profile: One of the top executives, 1.1. Retrospectively: one of the three rivers, one of the Sioux representatives in Jiangsu province in the Long Triangle, with the highest overall level of economic development in the country.
In Jiangsu province, there is always the term “a river” (a ditch, a ditch, a ditch and a river), of which “a ditch” is the prelude to the present world. The company is the second-largest white wine company in Jiangsu province, after the river, which plays a culture of “friendliness” and the history of wine brewing dates back to West Han, reaching its peak when it is clear.
In July 2014, the company was placed on the market.
The company was listed in July 2014 as the second company to be listed in Jiangsu province. Prior to listing, the company had successfully completed a restructuring process, with the world's top executives and local governments (or local national finance councils) sharing shares, tied management teams, and ensured a convergence of long-term interests between management and shareholders, leading to significant improvements in management.
The firm’s main executives and middle and senior management now hold shares, and the company’s management’s long-term stability is assured. Figure 1: The transition to the world of life before listing
High-level management ownership in the middle of company 2019h1 is at an all-out level (%) (1.3), looking at performance: recovery has recovered relatively quickly and growth has accelerated in the last three years The company has not been affected much, although it has been in the last round of the White Wine industry adjustment cycle.
According to the company’s 2019 fast-track performance report, it is expected that in 2019 the mother’s net profit will be 1.381 billion yuan – 1,496 million yuan, and that, with respect to costs, the company’s sales and management costs will show a downward trend from 2011 onwards.
Māori rates and net interest rates have been growing steadily since 2011, and the reasons behind this are detailed below.
During the Golden Decade (i.e. 2003-2012), the white wine industry in China has grown rapidly. Its size has declined to a single-digit or even negative growth rate since the restructuring of the industry each year, and competition in the industry has increased further.
2007a - 2019a White wine industry production (tonnes) and yoy (%) 2007a - 2019a white wine industry tonnage (millions per ton) and yoy (%)
The white wine industry has become increasingly competitive, with the number of white wine businesses above its size falling from more than 1,300 in 2007 to more than 100 million yuan, and the 12 year capr was 20.55 per cent. In addition to the 2013 - 2014 period when total profits declined, the white wine industry experienced a boom in 2017 and a steady growth year in the white wine industry in 2018 - 2019.
Since the recovery of this round, the industry has gradually moved from the incremental to the stock market, with increasing competition, the squeeze effect will become more apparent, the volume of alcohols above size will decline to a trend, and industry concentration will continue to rise. 2007a-2018a Industry average net sales interest rate, sales profit growth rate, sales growth rate (%)
2.3 Industry cr5 is less than 20%, and the concentration of industry needs to be raised. According to the Liquor Association, in 2019, the size of the market in the White Liquor industry fell to 1176 enterprises of more than size.
This has also led to a marked fragmentation of markets and low market concentration. Currently, the Chinese white wine industry stands at 18%, while the foreign wine industry stands at 60%, and there is much room for improvement.
On November 17, 2017, Old White proposed to buy 100% of the Hong Kong Liquor industry for $1.399 billion. On October 14, 2018, the world intended to buy 34% - 49% of the Shandong Liquor industry by means of cash and shares (subsequently, the company changed to an industrial M & A fund and conditionally).
2.4. Sub-high-end judgements: Continued expansion, increasingly visible head effects 2.4.1. Continued expansion, increasing competition, pessimistic market judgement on white wine since 201803, pessimistic pessimism will peak in 18 autumn.
After a positive feedback from most of the liquor sales during the spring of 2019 and a feedback from the spring sugar conference in March of that year, the market has regained confidence in the continuity of the alcohol scene, and the sub-high ends have continued to expand. According to the Chinese reporting network, the volume of alcohol has grown from over 7 billion yuan in 2010 to over 46 billion yuan in 2017, and 31.1 per cent in seven years.
We believe that the reasons for the continuing trend of sub-high-end expansion are as follows: first, in the wine industry, the climate will continue, not as a cliff fall, but as an increase in speed, into the normal performance of maturity; second, in the medium and long term, considering the scarcity of production at the low-end stage in your state, there is little room to go down the price.
(b) Fourth, the Seng Nam Chun and the Liquor Group have recovered their size from 10 billion in 2018, both of which focus on sub-high-end areas and enjoy the momentum of high-end expansion; and fifth, the share share of the Ocean River has increased further, especially with regard to the blue series.
(c) Continuing uplifting; sixthly, the next-high-end share in the forward-looking layout of real estate wines, such as the national series of the present world (over 65 per cent), the inter-annual magma series of Guai (in particular, over 8 antiquities, over 25 per cent), the more than 10-year series of the mouth cellars (over 25 per cent), and the 18-year series of the white-breeding winehouses;
Seventh, on the demand side, China has more than 200 million new Chinese products and is expected to reach over 500 million people by the end of the 13th and the growing demand group is a strong guarantee of sub-high-end expansion; eighth, the share of mahogany in high-end alcohol is over 95 per cent and the share of mahogany in high-end alcohol is still increasing, and we believe that the crowding effect of high-end wine will also boost some of the products.
In addition, the participation of the high-end wines and wines has led to further sub-high-end competition, which, with a high-end brand-priced space, is initially based on the original distribution channels, which are used separately, focus brands, and implement the sunk channels and resource packages. The most typical representatives are the matais, which are from the earliest.
A series of wines is sold through the General Flying Channel, which later recruits a separate series of wine dealers and specializes in the sale of a series of wines. According to the newspaper Mao, in 2018, 627 new distributors were added, mainly to the series. 2.4.2, concentration continues to increase, with prices moving further up.
The top three As of the current sub-high-end liquor industry are largely determined, namely, Seng Namchun, Yoo River shares, and the Liquor Group (scheduled to be listed in 2020). Sub-highcr3 ' s share increased from 27 per cent in 2012 to 48 per cent in 2018, and is expected to increase further in the future, with a more visible head effect.
Year after year's market breeding, the sub-high liquor company's mainstream price belt was successfully moved up to the 400-600-dollar price belt, so we recognize 300-400-dollar sky blue, m3, pair, redflowers 10 years, Hanzai, old-word specials, cellar wine 60 years, Xianhua 20 years, red-gurts, smelting 8, 16, mouth 10 years, etc.
The wine is 90, 4 and 15 years old, 15 years old, passing on drunkards, 30 years of blue flower, 20 years old and 20 years old, 400-500 m6, m6+, smart enough, treasured Sword Spring, 1988 wine, master of the museum, etc.
The middle class is growing and living standards are rising and needs matching products; and secondly, from the supply side, we believe that the liquor industry will gradually roll out 400-600 dollars to boost and boost its sub-higher branding power.
The blue sea price belt, which is currently well received in the m6+ market, if the provincial replacement of m6 is successfully completed by 2020, future public consumers will be able to drink products of daily use, such as the four-way national push, the 400-500-dollar band, which meets the demand for commercial consumption, and the other 300-400 for the day-to-day needs of the target consumption groups.
Inner white alcohol consumption levels are rising every few years. For example, the Anhui area price belt is currently being upgraded from $80-120 to more than $200, with high growth in the province ' s wine industry for more than eight ancient years and more than 10 years; the Jiang Won has been upgraded to $400-600, with high growth in the province ' s alcohol industry for M3 and Q4; and the Henan region price belt.
It is currently being upgraded from less than $100 to more than $100, corresponding to a sustained share of higher-end harvests in foreign liquor companies.3 Core competitiveness: brands plus channels are driven by double wheels, continuous deepening of five-power engineering 3.1, three major brands are well positioned and product structure is well developed
The company currently has three major brands: the Trench, the Consort of the World, and the Estate of the Nation, which are located at the lower end, the middle end, the lower end and above, and the three brands are well positioned.
The company focuses on “friends” and focuses on the creation of a cost-free and end-of-life atmosphere that leads to the emotional awareness of old-fashioned alcohol among old-fashioned consumer groups on a daily basis, and accelerates the process of brand revival.
The name of the present world is the name of the present world. It is the name of the present world. It is the name of the present world. It is the name of the present world. It is the name of the present world. The name of the present world is the name of the present world.
The company's work focused on “home” and highlighted the dominant product collection series, ecstaticizing the glorified market, voivodships 15, voivodships 12 and 18. The brand was created in 1996 in the middle-end market, in the middle-end market, in the present world, in the late 1990s, in the face of a crisis in the high ravine brand.
The brand name of the nation: "China's High-end Medium White Wine," with the slogan "Big things come," was created in 2004 as one of the first sub-high-end brands in Jiangsu Province, and has now become the driving force of the company.
The company focuses on “country” and, according to the strategy of “enhanced new v, a strong k, a new k, a new k, a new art,” a product strategy of “v3 for sale, v6 for image, v9 for identity” and an overall image of the brand of national origin, with the result that v is promoted k, and k is driven by the virtue of the positive nature of the system.
Different types of bid (including taxes) can be divided into: the tera+ category (the price of the plant > 300 USD), the tera category (the price of the plant > 300 USD), a category (the price of the plant > 100 USD), b category (the price of the plant > 50 USD), c category (the price of the plant > 20 USD), d category (the price of the plant > 10 USD).
Prices (including taxes) facilitate the rationalization of the company’s price system, complement each other on the product line, and facilitate consumers’ understanding of the company’s brand image. 3.2. Product ends: sub-high-end occupancy rises steadily, and the country becomes a new engine.
3.2.1, Sub-higher-end rises, high-growth State-owned Sub-high-end products are essentially national series, including, inter alia, the old line (single, symmetrical, quadrupled), the new line (k1, k3, k5) and the v series (v3, v6, v9) and the Ya series (low, soft) of which are old.
The country’s series of sales (including taxes) has increased from over 100 million in 2007 to around 6 billion in 2019,12 the overall product structure of the company has been continuously optimized, and the company has successfully entered the second-higher-end wine business, and is the current round of white wine.
One of the few real-estate wines that have successfully upgraded product structure since the recovery. According to the 2020 World Fair, we expect a national series of sales to be over 70% in 2019, with the current national series becoming the company ' s 2014a-2019e national series and other series (%)
In addition to the 2007a-2019e national sales (billions, including tax calibres) and, from the statement, higher growth in the Tera category (more than $100 for the plant, followed by the company ' s sub-higher series of ta+ in 2016) has been achieved, thanks mainly to the high growth in the Tea+.
According to the Development Congress, China has performed excellently on the big monolith, with China growing by more than 40 per cent in 2019 and more than 60 per cent in the national series.
We believe that the following are the main reasons: first, the day: the birth of the nation in the decade of gold development (2003-2012) and the opportunity for the industry to grow at a much higher price, and to grow faster. Second, the benefits: the current province of Jiangsu is home to a higher level of consumption than the rest of the country, and the main price is now at $300 left.
On the right, the state line is just as high as the card. Third, the man and: since the third public consumption was restricted in 2012, Jiangsu Province government has been using alcohol for business at less than $500, the state has been able to meet the conditions (the four sides of the national line show the brightest) and the price of m6 from the competitive ocean is over $500. Moreover, the share of the competitive ocean river has been running since the second quarter of 2019.
In Jiangsu province, the market for white wine has a capacity of between 35 billion and 40 billion dollars, and the island is one of the largest, and the world is next to each other.
The share was largely concentrated in the south of the country (the town of Sinh), where the North market was largely divided between the ocean’s shares, today’s world, and the soup gulls.
Main white and wine brands in Jiangsu province accounted for 3.3 per cent of the total, with the channel-level "1+1" deep distribution model, maintaining the group acquisition and breeding core groups 3.3.1 and "1+1" deep marketing pattern and flattening the cultivation process.
The company is currently implementing the “1+1” deep marketing model, which is dominated by a division of labour, sub-product area management, shared market development costs and market development risks. The “1+1” deep sales model implemented by the company has the following advantages over other models: first, flat-down channels, co-financing of development costs by the manufacturer
Second, to assist distributors in setting up channels for mobilizing dealer motivation (this is more than the “1+1” deep distribution model, which defines distributors as mere distributors who are instrumental in mobilizing wolf dealers); and, third, as a sub-higher regional liquor company, there is a need to control end demand feedback in a timely manner, which is more beneficial than that of the distribution model “1+1”
Companies continue to drive regional market grids, channel construction flat, terminal management fine-tuning, channel-based balance and harmonization of end quantity and quality, brand matching, different channels and camps for different brands.
For example, with regard to the national series, the company attaches great importance to the development of ab-type hotels, to the construction of a group buying and distribution union, and to the enhancement of business super-standards; with respect to the present-day series, it combines online and off-line platforms around the happy bunks, and extends the interactive outreach activities of the current-day brands.
In the first place, the market will be created for the local community. For high-trenched brands, it will be based on the start-up and extraction of village helpers’ resources from the bc hotel, starting with the creation of a local market for Huai An and the surrounding districts.
In addition, the company insisted on flattening the channels and further refining the channels within the province after 201804, eliminating 13 local marketing centres in the province (with the abolition of the regional managers directly to the city and district offices and further sunk), and restructuring 13 districts into 6 regions and consolidating some districts in the province to facilitate coordination
Management. The province is currently divided into six regions: Suzhou (including Suzhou, Sinzhou, Changzhou), Nanjing (inclusive of Quantang, Nanjing, Mamoto), Taizhou (including Yangzhou, Taizhou, Nantung), Huai An (including Huaian, Cebu), Salt City (including Salt City, Lian Yun Harbour), Xu (including Xuzhou, Shandong Yaying,
3.3.2 The group buys and nurtures the political and business community The group buys and shares more than 60% of the revenue from the state, and its share in China's old k department.
More than 80%, more than 40%, and more than 60% of the world's collections. First, companies are holding shares in the county, and the country has been using wine since its birth in 2004.
The blues of the ocean were launched only in 2005, and then in 2009, the cracks became m3, m6, whereas by 2012 the rivers focused on the blues of the sea and the blues of the sky.
While public consumption is the dominant market for the future, companies still insist on fostering the political business community, which remains an opinion leader; and, thirdly, the four-in-a-kind drinking standards (within $500) in the national series, which have led to higher growth in intra-provincial group purchasing and distribution channels, which have led to high growth in circulation.
The company's current strategy for group acquisition is to achieve circleization, organization and interest, as shown by its continued excellence.
On the basis of public relations gifts of wine, trade unionism, return travel, etc., focus on the core population and political and business opinion leaders for cyclicization, organization, interest, precision marketing, radiation-led circles, expansion of knots: the company insists on a brand plus channel two-wheel drive, continuing to deepen five-power engineering.
Channels, the two-drive main vehicle, provide direction for the company's future development. Five-power projects include: first, mission, leading system operations, continuous brand-up; second, managing trend aggregation, continuous product-upgrading; third, real-life, volume-up and continuous upgrading; and fourth, long-term, short-term, balanced development, continuous upgrading.
Longitude; fifth, improvement of the system to enhance synergies and continuous improvement of implementation. Five-power engineering demands on companies from brand power, product power, channel power, growth power and enforcement power, which is the basis and basis for a five-year quadrupling of companies.
4.1. v. series leads the old k department, with a high brand power in the country at the time when the head of the company's promotion was launched and the v series was presented as an image product. As the 2013 industry restructuring began, the company suspended the introduction of the nationalism series, focusing on the current world history series.
As the company’s branding and influence have increased in recent years, the company has decided to repackage and upgrade its quality, and in August 2018 in Nanjing, it organized the “Commander of Honours – National Crystal V” series.v
The main points are v3, v6, v9, of which V3 and v6 are phoenixol thick white wines (innovation fragrances), and V9 white wines of hysteria, which is the first time in the world's wine industry, and indeed in the world's sour wines. The company started its research and development of soy wines as early as 2011.
The fragrance is also a bold attempt by the company on the fragrance of sauce.
Figure 30: State v9 product display V series, based on packaging, made as crystal glass, fully reflecting national origin in the elements of the Chinese dragon
In terms of branding, the country's crystalv is located in high-end sequences of state-owned brands, with "more comfortable high-end white wine" as its location.
Further interpretation of the quality characteristics of the national product, "high-end medium white wine", into a high-end target consumer group capable of perceptive value recognition and of creating differentiated demand by separating other traditional high-end high-end brand products; and, in terms of product prices, V3 is priced over $800, plus five, plus 1573 for the cellar; v6 is priced over $1,500,
The company's existing red bottle V products will remain as a cultural celebration feature, as a powerful complement to the high-end wedding consumer market. The company's strategy for the v V series is to sell, v6 to supplement, and v9 to make an image.
The company's strategy for the national line of products is to strengthen the new v system of layout, make it a strong k system, supplement the new k, yak system of tactics, define accurately the communication ladder between v and k, clarify the brand class level, focus on the mainstream price, and refine the segmenting of the market. For the V series, it is mainly located in the first developed regions of Nanking and Sud-Su-Nam.
In the case of the new K-system and the Arsenal, emphasis is placed on high-end celebration, with sales of over $100 million a year, and sales of over $300 million are expected in 2019, with company planning.
Over the next five years, sales in the v series are expected to reach $3 billion (tax caliber) 4.2, actively out of the province to find a way out.
Corporate out-of-country expansion is currently in the pipeline, accounting for about 5% of the total. By 2019, the company out-of-country expansion was implemented, with a “2+5+n” strategy, which adheres to the “focused breakthroughs, radiation around the perimeter, stairwell development, rolling development” out-of-provincial market strategy, continued strategic training around markets with a certain consumer awareness base, such as Beijing and Shanghai.
In the “2+5+n” strategy, “2” is a Beijing, Shanghai marker market, “5” is a five-way market for Henan, Anhui, Shandong, Zhejiang and Jiangxi, n is a large “n” and small “n” area of the county-level city with a focus on opportunities.
2014a-2018a Ex-Provinces (millions of yuan), yoy (%) and ratio (%)
This move is similar to the new Jiangsu market in the Yoo River, which expands from the surrounding provinces, and the geolocation of the real estate wine determines that the company expands from the surrounding regions, choosing regions with low resistance to break through. We believe that the company’s next provincial expansion is going to take place.
In October of this year, the acquisition of Kyeong-gi and the proposed acquisition of 34-49% of its shares (after which the company and the major stockholders in the wine industry did not fully agree on the share ratio, the performance of the three years after the acquisition, and the rights and obligations of both parties during the period) was expected to expand.
It will take time to integrate culture within the two sides, and therefore no longer directly acquire the shares held by the existing major shareholders in Xingzhi, switch to an industrial fund to promote the Xingzhi project and enjoy preferential options. The company currently holds 4.92 per cent of the shares in Xingzhi, and has a billion share in the industry fund (49 per cent) and will grant loans of up to 600 million yuan to Xingzhi during the acquisition.