The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies (603369.sh) has decided to move forward to a new stage of development.
Long-term farming and change, with performance accelerating. The company focuses on the three product systems of the “National + Current + High Trench” that cover the low-cost, low-priced belts of high schools, with the lead in the lower-end price belts. The goal is to double in 2016-2018.
Focus on core monolithics, access, and build core competitiveness. 1) Brands: Numerical diversity based on the culture of proximity, clear positioning of three major brands: national, present-day, high-trenched, and meeting demand for consumption at different levels of government, celebration and day-to-day. 2) Products: clear structure, misalignment strategies, price
(c) Channels: Accompanies the acquisition channels, fosters a culture of consumption among the core consumer groups of the government, and sustains the innovation of the shopping scene. Channels flatten and fine-tune construction, deep marketing, sinking to the county, subdistrict management, and expands the market in detail.
How to see the future of the world? Opening up within and outside the province, the v series is expected to be a new engine of growth. 1) Structural Upgrading + Regional Expansion is expected to help the company further raise the share of the province and the city.
On the product side, the sub-high end of the company accounts for more than 50% of the product, and rising consumption in the province contributes to a significant improvement in the structure of the product. (2) The target for out-of-provincial growth doubled in 2020, planning for future out-of-provincial consumption is expected to accelerate. 3) The v series is important for the company, and one is the high-end market.
The company's product layout is differentiated by “v9 for image, v3 for sales, and v6 for sales”, with the developed regions of Nanjing and South Sudan as the focal point for scaling up and accelerating the strategic nurturing of the layout.
The company has a 30% or more rate of repayment before Spring Day, a good sale of major products, such as the country-to-country exchange, and an inventory of channels for up to two months. Companies, including optimization of marketing programmes, business team pay support, simplification of processes, and online work.
Due to the impact of the epidemic on short-term demand in the white and wine industry, companies have adjusted their sales to double-digit increases throughout the year.
I. Corporate profile: High-quality wines, high-performance growth.
In 2014, the company went to the market as a stock market and became the second-largest liquor company in the province. In 2015, the industrial landscape rose, consumption in the province accelerated, and the company began to grow and become more profitable. In early 2019, the company offered to “combating for a new five-year period, leading to a turnover”.
The company actually controls the people’s government in the Jiangsu province, with a share ratio of 44.72% as of 2019. The company’s management holds shares as of 2019.
The tops of the top 10 shareholders in the company occupy five seats, with the tops holding 9.64% of the total shareholdings. It can be seen that management interests are fully tied to the company, contributing to managerial motivation and stability, and that a well-developed equity incentive mechanism that has been completed and developed before the company is listed can be enhanced.
1.1 Main products: three product matrices, with a clear product structure for the sub-higher end of the focus "National + Consort + High Trench" Estate position "China High-middle White Wine" and a sub-high end of the focus. State brands cost between 300 and 600 yuan.
In 2004, a brand name was created, coinciding with the golden decade of white wine. The price of high-end products rose sharply and grew rapidly. During the restructuring of the industry, high prices were maintained, and brand power was enhanced. In 2018, the brand was about 65% of the company ' s income, with the opposite and the fourth.
The world's fate is to be known as “China's weddings” and to expand the scenes of the feasts. The world's focus is on the $100-300 price band, accounting for 34% of income in 2018, of which the collection accounts for more than 50% of the world's income.
The main event was the wedding market, the products of the world began to expand the scenes of the feasts, such as the joys of Joaquin, the best of the best, and so forth.
Corporate operating income has remained positive, rising from 2,400 million yuan to 3,741 million yuan, rising from more than 90 per cent in the provinces, accelerating the pace beyond the provinces. The company achieved its operating income of 3,741 million yuan in 2018.
Industry analysis: Sub-high-end industry expansion, provincial consumption uplifting dividends that continue to release the "Growing of Popular Consumption + Land Liquor Expeditions + Channel Advantages" poles in support of the rise of the White Wine people's consumption context where per capita disposable income growth contributes to rising consumption and mainstream consumption prices of white wine
By 2012, government consumption accounted for 45% of the consumption structure. After limiting consumption, consumption demand fell off the cliff.
In 2018, business consumption reached 55%, and personal consumption rose to 40%. Since 2015, the price of high-end white wines, such as kooks, five grain fluids, and old cellars in Kyongzhou, has risen steadily. The price of the white wine industry has been raised while the price of sub-high-end white wine has been raised.
Sub-high-end white wine markets create crowded competition patterns, and brands with channel and product power are superior. At this stage, the sub-high-end white wine markets do not create strong competition patterns similar to those of high-end white wine markets.
Liquor companies rely on their own brands, channels, and products to form a crowded pattern of competition. The main players in the market are the Asian River shares, Shanxi Wine, Seng Nam Chun, and Waterwells. The number of real estate liquor businesses accounts for more than 70% of the wine industry as an important component.
On the one hand, the upgrading of product structures, consumer ties and channel advantages have driven the continued development of the property poles. 2.2 Jiangsu is the province of white wine sales, releasing the consumption-up dividend.
Jiangsu is the province where white wine is sold, with a steady rise in disposable income. From the historical sales of white wine, Jiangsu has been the top five in the country. In recent years, the population has grown, economic growth has stabilized, and consumption has increased by 80.51 million people a year, with a compound annual growth rate of 0.28%.
In 18 years, Gdp in Jiangsu reached 92,59.5 billion yuan, and in 14-18 the annual compound growth rate was 9.21%. The gdp growth led to an increase in per capita expenditure and a marked increase in disposable income for Jiangsu.
The increase in the resident population, economic development, higher levels of per capita income, and expenditure on food research and consumption have given impetus to Jiangsu’s rising consumption.
Figure 7: Ten provinces produced white wine up to the first half of 2010-2018: Sichuan, Shandong, Henan, Liaoning, Jiangsu, Anhui, Jilin, Hubei, Inner Mongolia, Hebei, Sichuan, Henan, Shandong, Liaoning, Jiangsu, Inner Mongolia, Jilin, Anhui, Hebei, Hubei
Sichuan, Shandong, Henan, Jiangsu, Liaoning, Hubei, Inner Mongolia, Gilling, Anhui, Heilongjiang, Sichuan, Shandong, Henan, Jiangsu, Hubei, Inong Mongolia, Jilin, Liaoning, Heilongjiang, Anhui, Shandong, Henan, Jiangsu, Hubei, Inner Mongolia, Gilling, Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Anhui
Sichuan, Shandong, Henan, Jiangsu, Hubei, Inner Mongolia, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Anhui, Liaoning, Henan, Shandong, Jiangsu, Hubei, Inong-Mongolia, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Anhui, Liaoting, Henan, Shandong, Jiangsu, Hubei, Inong-Mongolia, Gilling, Heilongjiang, Anhui, Liaoning
In terms of prices in Sichuan, Jiangsu, Hubei, Beijing, Anhui, Henan, Shandong, Guizhou, Gilling, Shanxi, Jiang Su-bhai, the price of which is higher than the national market is higher, and the product structure is significantly better than the national market.
From 2016 onwards, the price belt of over $300 has become the core price belt. Jiangsu province has about 45% of the white wine product of over $300, and 1,000 dollars is dominated by sub-high alcohol of the dollar. From Nanjing, the provincial capital, wedding dinners are offered from $100 in 10 years.
Up to $300, the entire sub-high-end price belt continues to expand.
The company has three major brands of high ravine, present-day, and national origin, which are well positioned to meet the demands of consumption at all levels.
In 2010, the Shanghai World Expo co-owned white wine. The brand name is “China's high-end medium-medium white wine”, “China's more comfortable high-end white wine”, the brand's concept is “Big Business, Needy” and captures the second-high-end expansion opportunities, focusing on the business consumers.
At the lower end of the consumer market, the world: culture was at its core, it was born in 1996 and it was designated as “Gangsu Province” in 2001. The branding is “China's wedding” and “The family has a good time” to drink.
In the present world, the focus is on the central family celebrations, folk festivals, and the Chinese wedding dinners. Goose: "One of the three streams" of the Gang So-sung wines, which is an old su-su. The company's former heights, which was set up in 1949 in Jin Shu County, Jiangsu Province, branded as "old friends drinking together."
Liquor, focused on the daily consumption of low- and medium-end people.
• Country of origin: The main pushk series, the open series, the elegant series, which represents the single product of k5, the two-open, the four-open, the euphemism, the euphemism of the country. In this case, the two-open and the four-open are core steps of the national brand.v The series of image products for the high degree of the national brand is nurtured by the strategic focus of the company, and corporate resources have a strategy
During the second half of 2018, the company launched a series of “state vs. v3, vs.62 pseudo-alcohol thick and innovative fragrance products, and in 2019 it launched a v9 Qingyya salami white wine, with a strong focus on high-level markets in the provinces of Southern and North Africa.
• Dates of the present world: The main product series is the annual collection series, which focuses on creating a collection of 5, 10, 15, 30 years, positioning a $100-300 price belt, and also a portion of the blue and diagonal products of the oceanic sea. At the same time, companies do not slash the branding of their products and eliminate some of the small and low-profile regional products, thus gathering together
Cyclopic monolithics, upgrading the overall product structure.  High ditches: main push for new horizons, old wine, green flower series, location of a $100-to-in-in-price belt, representing a single product of 42-degree high ditches, old wine, light bottle products.
In terms of prices, the price is three pairs, three pairs, and the price is lower than the ocean's river, while the k is the price belt between dreams 6, 3 and 3, the sky's blue, and the middle end of the line (single, light) is the upper end of the ocean.
Some of the blue and diagonal products are in the middle and upper end of the position. V series is super-high-end, of which v3 is over $800 for the five grain fluids, the national cellar; v6 is around $1,400 for the price between the pup and the five grain fluids.
3.3 The advantages are evident from the fact that the company’s advantage in the channel is dominated by the consumption of provincial internal affairs agents. The company continues to strengthen end-building and management, and strengthens the integration of resources, with emphasis on group purchasing, circulation, hotels, supermarkets, power suppliers, and so forth.
In recent years, companies have been developing new customers through innovative group purchasing channels, with village councils, health clinics, 4s shops, malls, etc. as potential clients, driving the growth of group purchasing channels. Following the introduction of the three-public consumption restrictions by the government, and during the period of industry restructuring in 2013-14, companies have been able to rationalize them.
Prices, the transformation of new consumer firms, and the use of such measures as packing agreements and return-to-back policies have taken advantage of group purchasing resources. Moreover, the high stickyness of group buying channels and stable demand among their consumers have further consolidated the competitive advantage of the present world in group purchasing channels.
Networking + flattening + precision construction, with lucrative channels and optimized distributor management. In the construction of the tunnels, precision farming is classified according to the three principles of “locality, brand matching, taxonomic advice.” Dealers have low stock, high loyalty, efficient settlement of costs, and low financial pressure.
The number of internal distributors increased by 10, while the number of outsiders increased by 17. To deepen the marketing management reform, the company restructured its pre-market, back-office structure in line with the direction of the Ministry of Enterprise, integrated its personnel and professionalized its operations; continued to strengthen the information platform and initiate the re-engineering of the marketing process; and completed further
A system of classification of dealers and training of distributors; improved market regulatory systems and regulation of market management. At the same time, companies have introduced a system of customer financial support, set up a training mechanism for dealers' business groups, provided staff members with base salary support, and developed a “second generation” succession development scheme.
Figure 18: Changes in the number of distributors in the regions of Jiangsu Province, 2018
The "R & D + Procurement + Production + Marketing" model has been actively transformed. The current corporate marketing model is based on the “1 + 1” deep marketing model, with sub-products and sub-regional management in line with the marketing strategy, and the distribution channel is still dominated by distribution.
Excellence is promoted in marketing systems, deepening the synergy of the “1+1” deep marketing model in terms of organizational change, budget change, process change, change in delegation of authority and credit, regulatory change, change in performance, change in resource security. Companies develop new products, new products, and new ones based on annual plans and market demands.
Liquor research and development: Procurement of raw materials in the context of stock: production is organized according to production plans, brewing, cutting, filling; sales are divided into distribution and direct distribution modes, which are directed to distributors, and major group purchasing units such as supermarkets, hotels, retail outlets, etc.
There are direct sales in the provincial cities of Huaiyan and Nanjing, but there are also direct sales in Shanghai and Beijing outside the province.
4.1 There is a continuing deep-deeping and empty market in the province, with 95% of corporate income in the province and 10% in Jiang Su-bai City. How much room is there for development in the province? How can we successfully open the empty market? What is the trend of competition with ocean rivers?
In our view, “structural upgrading + regional expansion” is expected to help companies further increase their share of the city’s inner province, competing with the ocean’s misalignment, and to raise their share of the city to over 20% in the future. Regionally, there is still much room for intra-provincial and sub-district markets for the world.
On the channel, companies continue to push to flatten the channels, increase control over the terminals, and continue to enjoy the channel dividends. On the brand, the state, as Jiangsu, has an advantage on the basis of brand power and consumer power.
The central consumption price of the wine rose from $100-200 in 2010 to $300-400 in 2019. The country is located at the lower end of the market, benefiting from higher prices.
Looking ahead, consumption in Jiangsu Province continues to upgrade, and the structure of the company’s products is expected to upgrade further. The provincial market is the company’s core market, contributing as much as 95% of the revenue, but the city accounts for only 10%.
There is still a big gap between the ocean and the ocean. In 2018, the company generated 3,516 million yuan in the province, representing only about 10 per cent of the 35 billion yuan white market in Jiang Su: the revenue from the national product was about 2.4 billion yuan, and only about 15 per cent of the 15 billion yuan high-end white market in Jiangsu.
Subregionally, the core market, Nanjing, is showing good performance, and the South Sudan middle market is expected to be a new growth pole. 2019q3 Nanjing has a revenue of $1,140 million, an increase of 47.84 per cent. Nanjing has achieved high growth for three reasons: one is that middle- and high-end products, such as national origin, are consumed in Nanjing.
With a high level of recognition and a strong brand base, the overall consumption climate has been fostered and nationalism promoted. Second, the company attaches great importance to this large strategic market in Nanking, which is divided by the company's nuclear leadership, and is dominated by syndicate procurement channels. Third, the company flattens and fine-tunes through its channels.
The South African market economy is at the forefront of Jiangsu, which is conducive to a higher share of sub-high-end products such as that of the nation, and to the future.
In terms of competition patterns, the South African market has a larger number of off-provincial brands, with only 30 per cent of the cities of the present world and the ocean river, and there is much room for improvement in the face of more competitions.
In addition, in response to the current imbalance in development between the provincial regions and the imbalance between urban and district areas, the company is expected to plan and manage every district market in the province through flattening, meshization and fine-tuning, enhancing the control of the distributor over the terminal, managing the company over the terminal and the distributor, nurturing it.
There are four reasons why the present world has grown faster than the ocean in Jiangsu province: one is the ocean river, where more investment has been made in the past few years, and one is less competitive in the provinces. The other is the 12 billion dollars in the ocean.
It is more difficult to maintain high growth on either the right or the left base. Third, the advantages of this world’s profit-making channels are highlighted.
The market for sub-highly famous wines in the provinces is still strong, and the market for wine sharing is increasing. The sum of the cities in the province is about 45%, while the foreign brands of white wine account for more than half of the market share, making the overall market a much larger one. In 2019-2020, the river became a self-regulating phase.
The overall focus is on stabilizing the seafood products and developing the dream 6+ big monolith. There is a certain mismatch between the stage of development of the present world and the core products.
Currently about 5% out of the province, and the “new five years” are moving faster. The market is smaller as the province of Jiangsu produces alcohol. In 2018, it earned 200 million yuan, or about 5% of the revenue.
The president of the company, Mr. Zhou, has proposed to double out-of-provincial sales by 2020 and to plan a 20% out-of-provincial share in the future. The public administration will increase access, brand promotion, and consumer development, and the out-of-provincial market is expected to accelerate.
1+2+4+n strategy, with a focus on key markets. 1 refers to Shandong, 2 to Beijing, Shanghai, 4 to Henan, Anhui, Jiangxi, Zhejiang. 18 years of this life, in cooperation with Zhejiang business and 19 years of heavy market activity. Shandong Market: In 2019, the company established six marketing centres to increase excellence.
The company signed a war in May 2018 with Zhejiang's largest platform operator, the Commercial Source Group, to promote the company's brand name in Shandong.
With the strong brand power of the business-source group, the products are imported into the Hangzhou, Lakezhou, and Kaging markets, through a more efficient distribution of the Zhejiang markets.
Figure 28: The strategic layout of the "1+2+4" market outside the province of the present day is new to the 4.3 layout v, which focuses on the creation of a large single medium- and high-end core product that, when it reaches a certain volume and stage, will face problems of transparency of profits from channels and product ageing.
The introduction of the V series, on the one hand, with high-end markets and enhanced product layouts, is expected to create new growth poles. The company's overall strategy for the V series is to create "v9 image, v3 sales, v6 supplement" with differentiated product layouts. The focus is on the first developed regions of Nanking and South Sudan.
Speed up the strategic development of the layout, focusing on the difference between the national bond v9 “China’s Qing Ya's Wine Starter” v3/v6 and the Chinese Qing Ya's Wine Starter v. v9. In late 2018, the company launched two thick white wines of pyrolyol (innovation fragrance), v3
It's more than 800, at a price of about $1,400, to match the consumer mind of the middle-class elite with a more comfortable wine, and to respond to the need for health and ease of pleasure. In 2019, a new national v9 Qingyya sauce was introduced to challenge the ultra-high price belt of 2,000 or more, not only filling the gap in the high-end products of the present world, but also filling the gap between the high-end products of the present world.
Breaking through the homogeneity of the class and avoiding the competition for a lot of strong white wine. At this stage of cultivation, the public administration will focus on promoting it in the Nanjing and Sino-Sunan regions.
The new coronary virus epidemic, which coincides with the spring festival of white wine sales, has generated a certain level of market panic in the online media, a series of anti-control measures advocating a reduction in out-of-town meals and consumption, and a greater suppression of demand for food and consumption, reducing the opening rate.
The impact of the epidemic has resulted in limited performance during the quarter, with a high rate of repayment, but the marginality of the terminal stock has in part affected the delivery and return of 2020q2. Depending on the impact of the epidemic, we have adjusted the company’s 20-year performance growth target to double digits.
The company’s growth rate was still high in February. In 2020, the new pneumonia epidemic coincided with the spring-time sales of white wine, and the demand for meals was more depressed, with a greater impact on short-term demand in the white industry. The short-term epidemic is expected to accelerate.
Industry shuffling, increased concentration. With better management skills, a strong brand, and a response, active alcohol companies are expected to reduce the impact of the epidemic on businesses and channels. As Jiangsu's second-largest dragon, many effective responses include optimization of marketing programmes, pay support from business teams, simplification of processes,
The impact of the epidemic on the white wine industry is mainly due to:
1) Reduced demand associated with catering: 2) terminal stock to be digested: 3) expert feedback from sources, presumably  Business and public consumption have gradually replaced government consumption after 12 years of three-public consumption restrictions. With the recovery of the white and wine industry and rising consumption after 13 or 14 years, the performance of the world economy has grown steadily in recent years.
In 2018, the size of the company ' s income reached 3,714 million yuan, compared to 26.51%, and the net return on the mother ' s profit was achieved, the super-high price band of 2,000 or more was located, and the head pole was cultivated. The sub-high end is currently in an expansionary window, and competition at this price will determine the firm to a large extent.
So we've chosen six typical sub-prime brands for comparative analysis (Yanha, Shanxi, Guai Goon, Stewards, Wells, Wine).  Corporate profitability has remained relatively stable since the industrial depth adjustment in 13-14, after the ocean.
(+20.04%), Wells (20.55%), Wine (+18.76%), Stewardship (16.86%), Shanxi Liquor (+16.63), after the River Ocean (+33.59%). Moreover, we believe that as consumption continues to grow, we focus on building the core of the Middle and High ends, the New Five.
The firm ' s net profits will increase further, with net interest rates rising by 23.56 per cent, after the wellhouse (35.27 per cent) and Shanxi (+25.59 per cent), higher than the Guai Goon (+23.22 per cent), the liquor industry (+11.1 per cent), and the alcoholic wine industry.
▪ The cost of sales, the management rate, has remained relatively stable and low in the industry. At the cost end, the cost of company sales and the management cost rate are lower in the industry. 14-18 years of company low: the management cost rate has dropped from 8.00 per cent in 15 years to 4.62 per cent in 18 years and in 7 alcohol companies.
At the lowest level, the cost-investment efficiency has improved significantly.  Inventory swing days and asset-liability ratios have remained low in the industry. 18 years of stock-turning days for companies are only 652.06 days after Shanxi (309.78) and Guai Goon (416.57), which are lower.
The company focuses on the three main product systems of the “National + Current + World + High Trench” that cover the low-priced high school belts, which are mostly lower-end-priced. Camp 2016-2018.
The impact of the epidemic on the white wine industry is that: (1) demand for meals is reduced; (2) terminal stocks are to be digested: 3) expert feedback from sources is likely to affect sales of 10-15% of the year. In the context of the epidemic, one,
• Focus on core monoliths, open channels, and build core competitiveness. 1) Brands: the culture of “belonging” is at the heart of differentiation, the three brands of the nation, the present world, the Gorge are clearly positioned to meet the demand for consumption at different levels of government, celebration and day-to-day. 2) Products: clear structure, misalignment of substitution strategies, price
(c) Channels: Accompanies the acquisition channels, fosters a culture of consumption among the core consumer groups of the government, and sustains the innovation of the shopping scenes. Channels flatten and fine-tune construction, deep marketing, sinking to the county, subdistrict management, and deep market expansion.
How to look at the future of the world? The v series is expected to be a new engine of growth in the absence of deep farming. 1) Structural Upgrading + Regional Expansion is expected to help companies to further raise the share of cities and towns. The market space with the ocean is still vast.
Consumers nurture, and the out-of-town market is expected to speed up. 3) The v series is important for companies, first, to enhance brand power in high-end markets, and second, to enhance product layout, which is expected to create new growth poles.
The risk of macroeconomic downside: high-end white alcohol consumption is more macroeconomicly affected, and consumption is expected to have a certain impact on corporate performance if the economy as a whole goes down and is weak.
Out-of-provincial market expansion does not meet the expected risks: strong local brands and national white beverages in the out-of-provincial market \triangleright tiles share the market share, while out-of-provincial market expansion also requires companies to increase their product, brand marketing, channels
Industrial policy risks: As the country’s regulation of the alcohol industry continues to increase, industry has some industrial policy risks. There are new trends in companies’ inability to adapt to industry developments, depending on policy changes.
Risks associated with the timely adjustment and refinement of production and marketing strategies affecting the performance of companies.