Intra-producer power is growing, and out-of-town development is advancing steadily.
Since the establishment of the year, the company's forward-looking promotion of management ownership, with current management and core staff holding a combined share of 16.76 per cent of food beverages, continues to optimize the level of corporate management with the industry's leading incentive system.
With rapid release, the firm’s net profit on revenue and return to the mother is growing at an accelerated pace, with a steady increase in profitability. Externally driven by: sustained expansion opportunities at sub-high ends with less competitive pressure with the ocean river 1) Jiangsu market as a whole has strong consumption power, with urban white alcohol consumption levels moving up to the sub-high end of the price belt, second-high.
The market continues to expand. The current market is about 8 billion in the Jiangsu sub-supreme liquor market, with about 20% of the sub-supreme alcohol market, and 10% of the country's sub-supreme alcohol market. 2) The Ocean River has been a sword of Oyang-woo since 12 years of creating the New Jiangsu market.
The strategic focus was moved out of the province, with high growth in the 15-18 seasons and a relatively mild competition environment within the province. Inner drivers: precision cards highlight high value for money, deep-land purchase channels have a pre-emptive advantage 1) national product series is marketed following strategy, with low pricing and higher profit margins highlighting national boundaries.
High-price advantage. 2) The advantage of the acquisition channel of the national line is evidently due to the long-term government use of alcohol to dominate, the readjustment of the industry to seize the group's resources, and the government's policy of using alcohol for the country's most sophisticated single product.
There is a clear pre-eminence under high-channel barriers, and brand competitiveness continues to increase.  There is a room for future growth: more intensive cultivation in the provinces, more urban growth, and more development outside the provinces.
In contrast, the Nanjing region of the first major market is about 18%; the Sunan, Su-chung, and Xu regions are only between 5% and 7%, and it is expected that the Nanjing model will be replicated in the future and that the city will continue to be well-polized. The provincial and foreign campaigns will focus on the “1+2+4” priority market, with a focus on breaking through Shandong market, and will be expected to operate through the “Grand Zone + Capital” in the future.
For the first time, the company was given an “additional” rating at 28 West Side Street, Beijing.
It is hoped that the city will continue to rise, that the openings outside the country will accelerate, that the high growth of the national series will be sustained, and that for the first time, it will cover the Hengsheng Building, 1000, the Luang Dynasty Gate Road, and Fuhua, Fukuda District, the 6th tax-free trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment Area, 17th floor of the China Sea International Centre, B. Company introduces Su Wine leaders, who are steadily improving their profitability
1.1 One of the leaders of Sou, one of the managers of the management, has a strong incentive The company is located in Gou Town, the famous village of Jiangsu's wine brewing, which originated in West Han, in Myung Qing, and has a rich wine culture. The company was formerly a local high-trenched wine factory established in 1949 and was owned by the State in 1987.
The Goose wine factory was renamed the Jiangsu Gou wine factory, 1997 established the Jiangsu wine industry company Ltd., 2004 founded the national brand, 2005 converted from full State-owned to State-owned holdings, 2011 as a whole, 2011 changed to Jiangsu wine industry company, 2014 landed on a stock market, 2017
Since its inception, the company has advanced forward-looking management ownership, with a more robust overall business style. Since then, the company has held 51 per cent, 28 per cent and 21 per cent of shares from worldwide groups, management and other investors, respectively.
In the third quarter of the year, the company actually controls the people’s government in the county with a share of 44.72%. As a result of the company’s early completion of its member’s shareholding scheme, the combined management and core staff share 16.76%, of which the management share is 10.20%, and the core staff have shares of 3.28% and 3.28% respectively through the current-life trade and the geese trade.
By tying core employee interests to the depth of future development, the company has effectively stimulated the motivation of its staff, and the overall efficiency of the company ' s operations has continued to improve.
The corporate product matrix covers high-end national v series, sub-high-end national k series, mid-end present-day collection series, and low-end high ravine series. The company’s product structure continues to be optimized, with a high growth rate from the 11-year interstate series, with a projected 19-year revenue ratio of about 70%.
Since its launch, demand has continued to flourish, with income projections rising from RMB 26 million in 18 years to a relatively robust business style of 1.3 in 19 years and a steady increase in profitability.
Since the recovery of the industry in 15 years, both the firm’s recovery and its net return profits have been growing at an accelerated pace, with the industry expected to outperform in 19 years. The company’s roe level has risen steadily in recent years, but it is still lower than that of other regions.
The net interest rate is expected to rise steadily in the future as the structure of the national product series continues to improve optimally, thus driving the roe water level to more than 20%.
Figure 10: Increases in the present-day Māori ratio at a steady level, Figure 11: Sustained rise in the current-day net interest rate level, Figure 13: Rapid decline in the present-day cost of sales
Figure 12: Sustained decline in cost during the present world period II. External drivers: continued sub-high end expansion, reduced intra-provincial competition, strong upscaling of consumption in 2.1 provinces and continued expansion of sub-high end markets
The Jiangsu market as a whole has a strong consumption capacity, both because of the continuing increase in the proportion of the population in the towns and cities, and because of the high level of per capita disposable income, the consumption of tobacco and alcohol foods, the stable population of Jiangsu, which has risen rapidly in recent years from 64 per cent of the population in 13 years.
In 18 years, 70 per cent of the population, considering that the per capita purchasing power of urban residents is two times higher than that of rural residents, the sustained increase in the rate of urbanization has led to a sustained strong overall consumption capacity of Jiangsu; in addition, in 18 years, the population of Jiangsu had a disposable income of 38.1 million yuan, about 35 per cent higher than the national level of 28.2 million yuan, which is higher.
Jiangsu's average per capita consumption is also higher than the national average, and Jiangsu's per capita consumption of food, tobacco and alcohol is about 20% higher than the national average. Jiangsu is the province of white and wine consumption, with a market of about 40 billion people in the province.
The share of alcohol is as high as 75 per cent, of which the cities of the river account for about 30 per cent, and of the world's peripheries for about 9 per cent; in terms of the pattern of competition between prices, the next-end price is about 8 billion dollars in market size, which is dominated by the rivers of the ocean and the world's present, and the combined market is over 50 per cent, creating a double-oligarchy pattern.
Thanks to the continued strong increase in consumption in Jiangsu province, the city-town consumption of white wine moved to $300 for the last high-end price belt and continued expansion of the provincial sub-high-end market. We measured the structure of white wine consumption across the country and Jiangsu province, with 20%, 10%, and 20%, respectively, of the high-end, sub-high-end, middle-end, low-end earnings of the country ' s wine market.
At 35%, 35%, the Jiangsu White market has high-end, sub-high-end, middle-end, low-end earnings of 23%, 20%, 35%, 23%, and the sub-high-end size of Jiangsu province is significantly ahead of the national average. Given that sub-high-end prices in the province are dominated mainly by local brands, the current world, the base market is expected to continue to contract deep.
The strong are always strong and the oligarchic pattern is strong. Figure 21: National structure of white wine consumption 2.2 Extra-provincial + channel adjustment with limited short-term repression
In recent years, the ocean’s strategic focus has shifted to Xinjiangsu market outside the province, and competition in the province has been reduced. Since the introduction of the Xinjiangsu market strategy 12 years ago, the river has focused on the development of the five provinces of Henan, Shandong, Anhui, Zhejiang, Hubei, all around Jiangsu, and for 15 years has further broken down the Xinjiangsu market at the district and municipal levels, targeting different levels.
Level markets set short-term, long-term targets and are supported by additional costs. Outside of the company’s more strategic focus, in 15-18 year the cagr harvests were 23.19% outside of Yogi Province, well above 7.08% in the same period.
The focus of future growth remains out of the province, with stable growth still prevailing in the province, and competition in the province relatively subdued. Today, figure 25: The Ocean River Xinjiangsu market continues to grow rapidly. In addition, the Ocean River has been undergoing channel and end-of-product reforms since June 2019, in which it controls the clearing of goods.
Stock management, flexible testing of sales personnel, construction of a “one-stop shop, multi-business-backed” new manufacturer's dollar price, with a better chance of taking up positions at four points in the country.
3.1 Differential positioning, follow-up to pricing, and the advantage of state value for money highlight the fact that companies have three major brands, namely, “nationality”, “the present world”, “the high trenches”, and are constantly upgrading the core values of the company's brand by digging for spiritual value tension and historical cultural thickness around the “breed” and “the “the future” and the “the future”.
The branding of the nation makes a difference. The branding of the country and the blues of dreams makes a difference.
In recent years, the concept of "high-end medium-medium white wine" has been emphasized in the national history series, which focuses on drinking experience, actively tied to high-end business scenes, while the ocean river continues to strengthen its softness and its high-end atmosphere.
The marketing of national series of products follows a strategy that is higher than the blue series of oceanic dreams, which is competitively priced by misalignment. From a group buying channel, the first batch of countries is lower than the dream blue6 and has similar profit margins.
With a higher profit margin for opening lots below the dream blue m3 and leading to a more sexual price advantage for the national series in the band buying channels; in terms of circulation, positioning the 300-dollar price band with the 300-priced edge of the dream blue m3 above the $500 price band and the 500-price band with the 500-priced edge of the dream blue m6 above the 700-price zone with the 300-dollar price band and the 300-dollar-priced blue line of the dream m6.
The advantage of high value for money is still evident. 3.2 The producer “1+1” deep-collar model, which adheres to deep-farming purchase channels, and the company sales model, which is dominated by the manufacturer’s “1+1” deep-collaboration model, continues to sink.
The company's current distribution channels continue to be dominated by large distributors, which, on the one hand, jointly develop the market and bear the cost of the inputs and mobilize the motivation of the distributors; on the other hand, the manufacturer's direct control of the terminals and its timely control of the terminal requirements.
Fourteen years before the market, 13 marketing centres were set up in the provincial distribution areas on the basis of the sub-municipality of Jiangsu province. However, in the process of implementation, the city was affected by differences in consumption levels and in the preference for white wine, and the development gap between the sub-provincial municipalities became apparent, so the company consolidated 13 marketing centres into six districts in 16 years.
In 18 years, the company abolished the North Sujiang region, relocated the town and the river to the Nanjing region, divided the city into the Salt City region and Xuzhou.
The Xu Region is singled out, forming six new marketing districts in the province (Liangan Region, Nanjing Region, Sunan Region, Su Centre Region, Salt City Region, Xu County Region). Multi-provincial initiatives have been stepped up. Beijing+Shanghai will be the national image pole in 2014; 2016
Started to increase the number of marketing cadres in and out of the province; planned "2+5+n" regional expansion in 2017; piloted Shandong region in 2018 and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Zhejiang business source, who acquired the power of proxy in the Zhejiang region by national affiliation: upgraded the regional plan to "1+2+4+n" in 2019 and joined with Anhui
By way of product, the sub-high-end country-based complex business model, represented by group purchasing, is effectively communicating with its core clients to develop core consumers and consume their own liquor or name at the end of the restaurant.
The consumer climate for branded products; the current world and the high ravine series is mainly based on distribution agent marketing, i.e., in cooperation with distributors, with a focus on distributors, extensive development of retail terminals such as supermarkets, tobacco hotels, etc., in order to gain control, service, and, in turn, guide terminal purchase or consumption.
By contrast, the river is dominated by circulation channels, including hotels, restaurants, shopping malls, etc., while the world economy is dominated by distributors, which account for 65% of China’s acquisition channels.
There are higher barriers to access, less competitive pressures, and in this world there is a clear pre-emptive advantage after the takeover, and brand competitiveness continues to grow. The dominant advantage of the company’s intra-provincial acquisition is evidently due to: 1) the company is controlled by the government of the Shui Shui district, and the company’s acquisition channels have always been maintained.
With the support of the government, the nation has been using alcohol since its launch in 2004; the ocean rivers were only the blues of the sea and the blues of the sky, which were launched in 2003, and the blues of the sea and the blues of the sky, which were the main pushers until 2012. So the consumer knows that the brands of the nation are stronger, and the company is led by the consumer leaders.
(ii) The provincial domestic and commercial consumption was rapidly taking over the mainstream. (2) The last round of industry restructuring under three public consumption restrictions, when most alcohol companies thought that mass consumption was the future mainstream of the industry and focused more resources on the channel of circulation, while companies focused on buying clients and further consolidating company purchases by seizing the resources of the group.
3) Following the three public consumption restrictions, the Jiangsu government set the drinking standard at less than 500, while the more than 400-priced and accurate-card-bit government set the price line below which the dream blue-m6 prices were higher, thus highlighting the comparative advantage of buying the national currency by the Political Business Group.
IV. Space for the future: strategic layout v series, outreaching out-of-provincial precision farming, 4.1v series high-end price belts, with a future share of 15% or a breakthrough of two products, launched in 2019 with a national v9. The high-end and super-high-end positioning of the national origin V series is corporate-specific.
The long-term strategic layout for the next five years will be 888 yuan per bottle for China v3 and 1599 yuan per bottle for China v6 end directions, mainly for the Pilgrim V, 1573 for the State cellar, and the Blue M9 for Dreams; and 2299 yuan per bottle for the Super-High-Aquainted State v9 end guidelines for the flying sky.
Over the next five years, the company will invest more resources and effort in 4.2 Nanjing models that can be replicated to sustain the growth in the province. Nanjing has grown into the largest regional market in the province, and continued refinement is expected to continue with high growth.
The share of internal revenues has remained stable at around 94%, depending heavily on the regional market in the province. Specifically, 2019q3 Nanjing, Huaiyan, Salt City, Su-China, Su-nan, Xuzhou, respectively, have been the largest distribution area in the province, maintaining a high growth rate of 47.84%.
The Nanjing model has been largely successful because: 1) The growth trajectory of the Nanjing market is a typical consumer’s “diplomatic” success. The company’s early and forward-looking introduction to the Nanjing market’s main procurement channel is a series of country-by-country purchases, and the prices of the 4th regiment are below $500 per wine standard set by the Kaji Jiangsu government, while the ocean river’s m6 prices.
Higher does not meet government standards of alcohol use, and therefore the advantages of buying channels in the political and commercial blocs are prominent; (2) the pace of recruitment in the Nanjing market has accelerated in recent years, with higher channel interest rates due to the late entry of companies into circulation and the lack of transparency in channel prices.
(c) Nanjing regional distribution model is combined with “self-distribution + distribution”, whereby companies treat their own distributions as distributors, promote motivation by motivating their employees, and divide the channels into brands and sub-clients.
In view of the significant differences in the economic base between Jiangsu regions, we differ according to the distribution pattern of the present world.
Regional levels of white wine consumption have been measured, and future growth opportunities in the provinces of Inner-Sunan and Central Sudan remain enormous, allowing the Nanking model to be applied locally, taking a share of the market through precision farming. In terms of the size of the white wine market, there is a high level of white wine consumption in the regions of South and Central Su, and with the city of Nanjing.
More specifically, the size of the white wine market in the Southern District is about 14 billion yuan per capita, the white wine market in the Nanjing Region is about 7.5 billion yuan per capita and the white wine market is about 540 yuan per capita per year; the white wine market in the Xu Region is about 6 billion yuan per capita and the white wine market is about 330 yuan per capita per year; and the salt town is about 330 yuan per capita.
The wine market is about 4.5 billion and the white wine market is about 400 yuan/year per capita; the white wine market is about 3.5 billion and the white wine market is about 370 yuan/year per capita. From the point of view of the concentration of the white wine market, the future of the world lies in the cities of Inner Suran, Su-chung, Xuzhou.
There is still much room for improvement. More specifically, the regions of Huai An and Nanjing have an advantage in marketing for the present world, and we estimate the company's presence in the cities of Huaian and Nanjing, respectively, at 29% and 18%, while the company has in recent years increased its investment of resources in the districts of Sunan, Su-chung and Xu.
The number of businesses has increased rapidly from 52 in 17 years to 76 in 19q3, and the number of dealers in the South Sudan region has increased from 48 to 55 in the same period, and the number of dealers in the Xu region has increased from 44 to 55. (2)a Average consumption of white wine per capita in the region = per capita consumption of white wine in Jiangsu * (a per capita consumption of food, tobacco and alcohol in the region / per capita consumption of food and alcohol in Jiangsu province);
(3)a Regional white wine market size = a region's average per capita white wine consumption *a Region's resident population 4.3 is expected to break through the Grand Shandong market, with the company's provincial development strategy focusing on the “1+2+4” priority market, and the pace is expected to break through Shandong city with a marked acceleration
1 refers to Shandong, which further strengthens the strategic importance of Shandong market and leads the way to a breakthrough; 2 refers to Beijing, Shanghai, as a model market; 4 refers to Zhejiang, Anhui, Henan, Jiangxi, as a ring Jiangsu market, and the current level of resource support from the provincial market companies, with 274 dealers in 2018.
The sub-region shows that the Shandong market operates mainly through the establishment of the Shandong region and the acquisition of local wine and wine companies, while the Zhejiang and Anhui markets have joined forces to tap into the regional market with local commercial resources. There has been a marked increase in sales in the provinces and abroad during this period, with an increase in sales expected to be out of the provinces in 2019.
The Shandong market, which is the dominant position outside the company’s province, has been strategically significant, and is expected to reach over 20% of sales out of the province in the new five-year period through “regional operations + capital acquisitions + major business cooperation.”
On the other hand, the size of the Shandong market ' s white wine consumption is about 40 billion and has traditionally been a necessity for the nationalization of the white wine industry; at the corporate level, it is relatively easy for foreign brands to enter, given the urban-based alcohol industry in Shandong Province, which accounts for less than 20 per cent of the total.
Based on the above analysis of the company's operations, our profit projections include the following assumptions: (1) tera+ white wine (country-to-country) and above: Ton price: a follow-up strategy for the marketing of national series of products will remain high value for money, projected at 2019-
In 2021, the price of ta+ tons of white wine remained at about 2.00 per cent, and sales were expected to continue at a rate of production, with a steady advance in the development of the countryside and a series of sales of national origin (2), with a premium of more than 10 per cent in the present world:
(3) (a), b) White wine: Ton price: It is expected that the price of 2019-2021 (a) and b tons of white wine will remain unchanged. _ (4) (c), d) White wine: _
Ton prices: There is room for some price increases in low-end light bottled wine, estimated to be the base price of c tons of white wine in 2019-2021: sales of c and d be expected to remain unchanged for 2019-2021. Upgraded market rates, accelerated extra-provincial expansion, high-growth growth of national lines sustained, first-time coverage given to “increases”
1) The macroeconomic impact has led to a decline in the climate of the white wine industry; 2) increased competition in the secondary high-end white wine market and the risk of extra-provincial outreach; 3) tightened policy regulation and industrial policy risks in the white wine industry.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving the report and does not have a direct business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.