Annual Report 2022 and Quarterly Review 2023: Promising Proficiency Growth, 800 g Light Module Devices are progressing well The company issues annual reports 2022 and one quarterly report 2023. In 2022, the company achieved operating income
In the first quarter of the year, the company achieved operating income of 287 million yuan, i.e. +150 per cent/ring ratio - 6.44 per cent; the net profit of the mother was 92 million yuan, i.e. +11.14 per cent/ring ratio - 26.75 per cent.
The company's deep-farming plant is 18-carryed, accumulated in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, optical glass, etc. Many of the world's leading processes, proprietary technologies and increased profitability by vertically integrating product lines into the same ratio +1.94 pct.
+4.33% Māori rose by 3.85pct to 55.01% from the same year, 18.20% from the same year +156.2% from the same year, and 9.27pct to 36.75% from the same year from the same year. The corporate globalized industry has invested in the creation of Singapore and Thailand subsidiaries, with $508 million in 2022.
Liu Makano Xai further created 400g, 800g light module device requirements, cpo, etc., to build core competitiveness in the project.
Global data flows continued to surge in 2022, and the large-scale construction of global data centres offered development opportunities for the entire light and communications industry, driving companies to grow both in revenue and net profit. In the midst of the wave of artificial intelligence, the need for a luminous upgrade was urgent, with high-speed light modules such as 400g, 800g, etc.
The project is currently under development and includes 800 g lightware, light engine, cpo with laser chips.
In recent years, companies have taken advantage of the dynamic development of downstream applications, such as laser radar adas, to take advantage of the potential of these applications.
The technical reuse of laser radars and light communication optical devices expands the primary product from the light communication industry to areas such as laser radar. With a deep accumulation of technology and processes in the field of light devices, companies have the capacity to deliver products and fast-scale quantities of optical devices that are used in a variety of types of technology routes.
The company, as a provider of one-stop product solutions in the field of optical devices, has been investing in advanced technologies such as card-point 800g light module, cpo, and is gradually moving towards optical application of products.
We expect the company to be less advanced in R & D than expected, the risk of fluctuations in business performance due to changes in downstream market demand, international figure 1, net profit return (million yuan) and growth rates.
Figure 2 Main business collections (millions of dollars) and speed increases
Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor, and hard technology; two, smart cars, and robotics; and three, new energy sources. If not, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.