Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) telecommunications network connections and towers iii demand-driven performance growth, 800g light devices open to growth
Events: On 20 April 2023, the annual report 2022 was published by the Wirtschaftsprüfer, and in 2022 the company became operational with a net profit of $365 million not attributable to the mother, an increase of 31.50 per cent over the same period.
In 2022, the company achieved a double growth in operating income and profits, benefiting mainly from a steady and sustained growth in demand for lightware products from the global data centre, and provided additional product solutions for high-speed light modules such as 400g, 800g, etc.
The high-speed light engine construction project at the data centre has led to a steady increase in revenue. In terms of the composition of operating income, the company generated 89% of the total revenue from its unsourced products in 2021, compared to only 8% from its source products. The high-speed light engine project led to an increase of 156.24% in revenue from its operations.
Upgraded to 18% of corporate income from active products in 2022 and optimized revenue structure. Continued demand for all kinds of devices, 400g/800g light devices, continued layout. Beneficiary chhatgtp-led, global digital market climate up, global data centre conversion to high-speed construction of 200g/400g/800g
In North America, capital spending by four major cloud producers increased steadily in 2022, increasing data centre inputs. Lightcounting predicts a global data centre light module market size of $3.504 billion in 2019, which is projected to grow to $7.33 billion by 2025, and market growth will result in market growth.
Li Hongtao is the main driving force of the light communication market. In the field of light-based communication, the company has a long-term commitment to the development, production, marketing and servicing of various medium- and high-speed optical devices, including high-speed coax package solutions, high-speed box.
The device covers solution, the awg-series lightwareless solution, the microoptic solution, and so on. The 800g lightware development project, which is already in the process of volume production, the light engine development project, will integrate vertically the company 's existing sourceless product lines and provide a one-stop solution for customers.
Income continued to rise for the 5g and data centre high-speed light engine construction projects. $123 million was invested in research and development annually, an increase of 23.12 per cent compared to the same period last year, representing 10.26 per cent of current operating income.
In many areas, such as RD, “Silicon chip integrated high-speed light engine development”, “Little chip integrated high-speed light engine development”, “Red-in laser radar light device development”, and “Red-in virus detection light device development in the medical field”, one-stop solutions are available for users of different application scenarios, technological routes and encapsulation platforms.
Thus, the company has actively promoted the global industrial landscape, taking advantage of regional talent, and has now formed the Sioux State headquarters and research and development centre: Japan and Shenzhen are research and development branches: the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Wuhan for sale; Jiangxi, Shenzhen and Su state for a global web-based layout of their production base; and Thailand’s factories have been established in 22 years.
Laser radar output delivery, starting the second growth line of operations. Frost&sullvan predicts that the global laser radar market will grow from 680 million dollars in 2019 as the field of downstream applications expands.
The country ' s laser radar market will reach $4.31 billion, with a combined annual growth rate of 63.1 per cent between 2019 and 2025. The company relies on the existing mature optical instrument research and development platform for the optical communications industry to provide a token for the agreed production of laser radar plants, using the professional accumulation of teams in a variety of fields, such as basic materials and components, optical design, integrated sealing, etc.
The company has now provided bulk product delivery to some laser radar manufacturers, while also providing R&D sample certification to a wide variety of technology route customers, both within and outside the country, covering a wide range of light types, successfully opening the laser radar market and launching a second-growth curve for the operation, to a larger number of mainstream laser radar producers.
Investment proposals: We believe that companies benefit from the construction of a global arithmetic centre, which will remain relatively growing in the future.