The company achieved a steady increase in revenue and profits, with a rapid increase in the share of source devices. The company issued its annual report for 2022, generating operating income of $1,196 million in 2022, or +15.89 per cent; and achieved the return.
Product structure improvement + cost control drives higher Māori and profit rates. Benefited from product restructuring changes +9.27 per cent. At the cost end, companies emphasized fine management, with management costs reduced by 7.97 per cent in 2022 compared to the same period. 800g lightware development has entered the production chain, with technology programme products such as forward-looking layout cpo.
The importance of R & D has always been maintained, with company R & D costs reaching $123 million in 2022, corresponding to the volume of 800g lightware (for the next generation of data centres) and several R & D projects already forward-looking, such as the development of laser chip integration high-speed light engines, and the stockpiling of cpo technology programmes;
A single-wave 100-g light device development that enhances the company’s to-encapable platform’s leading edge; a vehicle engine, light radar light device development, which creates new growth points for the company; smartness, automation, upgrading of company management; and intelligence, which is the company’s long-term push for a deeper manufacturing capability.
Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) - A 31% increase in net profits over the same year, and a key step in the continuous upgrading of innovative business. In 2022, the company continued to build intelligent and digital systems in line with its three-year development plan for informatization, starting with an iterative upgrade of the erp, mes, oa, etc.
Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - Three Quarterly Performance Rings Up and Light Engines Upgraded Management. At the same time, Automated Smart equipment development was enhanced, resource allocation was optimized and lean production was achieved. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - Revenue and profit growth synchronized with new business in place.
Quality and efficiency upgrades. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - Rare light platform manufacturers, entering a new era.
The growth potential of the company, in areas such as engine operations and cross-border expansion of laser radar, is still maintained “Bullage figure 1: revenue from and increase in communications from the foil (millions of dollars, per cent) and figure 2: operating income from the foil communication season and increase in speed (millions of dollars, per cent)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in filiation (in millions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in filiation (in millions, per cent)
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost rates for the single quarter of the foil communications, Figure 7: Fry communications cash flows (millions) Figure 8: Fry communications inventory and quarterly changes (millions)
(b) Schedules: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author