The mega-stocks fully benefit from the high profile of the fluorinated industry, and the mega-stocks increased significantly in 2017, close to the ceiling previously announced.
For a longer period of time, the company is the absolute leader of the industry, making a profit of 935 million yuan, an increase of 518,57 per cent over the previous period. Close to the forecast ceiling. Four quarters of the year, the income from the industry was 3,745 million yuan, a 37.04 per cent increase from the previous quarter, a $128 million net profit from the return to the mother, and an increase from the previous year.
During the reporting period, the price of raw materials for the fluorine industry rose by 26.22 per cent compared to the previous year, and income grew by 17.63 per cent, owing to favourable effects such as the deepening structural reforms on the supply side and the improvement of downstream demand.
Prices for refrigerants increased by 29.11 per cent over the same period, income increased by 53.65 per cent, and fluorinated polymer materials by 46.90 per cent over the same period. In terms of profitability, Māori rates for fluoropolymeric materials, refrigerants, basic chemical products and others increased by more than 10 per cent, Māori combined rates by 20.04 per cent, compared with 2016
Fluorine industry continues to be booming and high profits will continue. After many years of adjustment, the current fluorinated industry has gradually increased since the fourth quarter of 2016, and we believe that the current industry is expected to have a longer-term climate cycle, with downstream warming, overseas upgrading and environmental sustainability.
The Division currently has 280,000 tonnes of refrigerant products, of which 2nd generation HFC-Refrigerant R22 is second-largest in the country; third generation HFC-Refrigerant is the global leader and the only enterprise in the country that uses its own technology for the industrialization of fourth generation HFC-Refrigerant.
The products, such as fep, ptfe, are among the highest in the country, with the largest beneficiaries of supply and demand in the industry, and the largest conglomerates build up electronic material taps. The company announces that it is planning to co-finance the creation of China-Micro-chip technology, with 39% of the company’s share in it, in association with investors such as the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund.
Cycetology has developed itself primarily through investment in or acquisition of the electronic chemical materials industry, and has expanded its outreach and built up domestic electronics flagships, using market prices as the standard for the electronics industry on April 19, 2018.
The prices of products have fallen abnormally and market demand has fallen short of expectations.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, Yu Xiang Haitao Wang