Larger shares. Fluorine industry continues to be a little over-expected in a quarterly report.
The company is an absolute leader in the domestic industry, with slightly higher expectations for supply and demand. In the first quarter of 2018, operating income was 3,991 million yuan (+36.62 per cent of the year), attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of 427 million yuan (+132.12 per cent of the year), excluding the net return.
The prices of the main products of the company increased significantly over the previous year’s year’s, and sales increased during the reporting period. The price of F-fuels rose 32.49% over the same year, the price of refrigerants increased 32.45% over the same year, the price of fluorinated polymers increased 40.28% over the same year, and the price of fluorinated polymers increased 40.28% over the same period.
It's been increasing by 73.88% over the same year. Over the years, the fluorine industry has gradually increased since the quarter of 2016, and we believe that it may have a longer period of time under downstream warming, overseas upgrading and ongoing environmental impacts.
Refrigerant products produce 280,000 tonnes, of which second generation chlorine-to-refrigerant r22 is the second highest in the country; third generation fluoro-refrigerant is the global leader and the only enterprise in the country that uses its own technology to industrialize fourth generation fluorinated refrigerants.
Companies have previously co-financed and co-financed such investors as the United Nations Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, which has 39% of the company’s shareholdings.
Micro-chip technology has developed internally, mainly through investment in or acquisition of electronic chemical materials, and has expanded its outreach through the integration of good domestic and foreign electronics enterprises, the creation of domestic electronics plants, the easing of environmental policies and the volatility of product prices.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.