Giant shares (600160) Fluorine landscapes continue to rise, with a significant increase in performance during the quarter.
On the evening of 26 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2018, which achieved operating income of 3,991 million yuan over the reporting period, an increase of 36.62 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 427 million yuan, an increase of 132.12 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright, according to our monitoring data, average refrigerant prices for Zhejiang region r22, r134a, r32 and r125 increased by 52.5 per cent, 30.5 per cent, 96.9 per cent and 113.3 per cent, respectively, during the first quarter of this year.
The price of methane chloride and ethylene chloride increased by 77.3 per cent in the same year, while the price of domestic ptfe in the company increased by 49 per cent in the first quarter, the average price of sales of fluoropolymer materials increased by 40.28 per cent in the same year, and sales revenue of $436 million increased by 92 per cent in the same quarter.
The unit benefits from the continued warming of the fluorinated industry, which is represented by refrigerants, compared with the trend of 300 depths. In addition, the average sales of products such as food packaging materials, electronic chemical materials, etc. of the company have also increased significantly, and the operating income of products such as home ammonium and falcon has also increased.
The price differential between R125 and raw materials increased by 46 per cent, 25 per cent, 250 per cent and 182 per cent, respectively, and the price differential between ptfe and raw materials increased by 46 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in the company ' s Māori ratio between 7.4 and 26 per cent in the same quarter. Domestic production continued to shrink, with exports benefiting from the withdrawal of three generations of refrigerant production in the European and American regions.
In recent years, domestic refrigerant production has been reduced, r22 from 850,000 tonnes in 2013 to last year ' s Montreal Agreement, Europe and the United States will gradually reduce the use of third-generation refrigerants in 2019.
The alkali industry chain, given the high cost of fourth-generation refrigerants, which remain the dominant refrigerant species for the next decade, will fully benefit from the market share growth generated by the closure of the European and American refrigerant manufacturers.
Risk of a significant decrease in refrigerant prices; risk of a reduction in demand for downstream air conditioning.
Summary of data projections for Methanol, Methane and Company Financial Statements
Lily Cao, Bachelor of Science in Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the Civil Securitization Team in September 2017. Liu Wan Poon, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, Tianjin University, and Master of Mechanical Engineering, Austin University, Texas, published 14 international papers, cited 400+, patented 4 and worked in China Sea Oil in July 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.