The company has provided global pharmaceutical companies, biotech research and development companies and research institutes with a full process integration across the two stages of drug discovery, drug development, drug research, development, and production of the cro+cmo solution, committed to helping partners to succeed in the discovery, development and commercialization of new drugs. Since its inception, the company has focused on small molecule drug research and development services, building a unique drug research, development and production platform, and operating a service platform for cro+cmo.
Cross-cutting areas involving multiple disciplines such as laboratory chemistry, biological sciences, drug safety evaluation, chemical and agent process development and production and clinical research services (1) Corporate business developed at the beginning of the development of new drugs, i.e., drug discovery phase, and extended from the second stage of drug research and development, i.e. drug development, with the expansion of the scale of the operation and customer demand.
The development phase, as compared to the development model from the drug development phase to the drug discovery stage, allows for long-term partnerships with clients, thanks to the availability of core laboratory chemical technologies and customer resources, which help to consolidate pre-culture clients. Business income increases rapidly as clients become more involved in the drug development phase.
(2) Companies with full process-integrated drug research and development cro+cmo services can provide customer-specific large-scale compound design and synthesis services for various areas and target sites, with high-quality and efficient drug development services required by the client at a later stage. This is particularly important for most small bioscientific research and development and pharmaceutical companies.
The process industry chain layout is initially completed, and small-scale drug research and development companies that do not have the capacity to provide full-process services will be in a vulnerable position to compete in the market. (3) Companies have now become one of the main providers of drug discovery coro services in the global market. Currently, the top 20 multinational pharmaceutical companies worldwide are clients of companies, most of which have become long-term partners; more than 600 pharmaceutical companies are now covered by company operations.
Industry, biotech research and development companies and scientific institutes. (4) The company currently has nearly 100 professionals and post-doctoral leaders abroad and in the country, in all its lines of business and R & D sectors, and has trained more than 700 technologists and project leaders.
Sofang: Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Master of Financial Engineering, joined in 2015. In the six-month period following the report, securities have increased or declined over the 300-degree index.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial circumstances and specific needs.