In the Chinese aluminium industry (601,600) non-ferrous metals, the contraction of profits per unit is delaying performance, and the aluminium price hub is expected to rise steadily.
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of $949.4 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 15.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $706 million for the return to the mother, a decrease of 14.1 per cent in the same year; net profit of $115 million for the realization of the deduction, with the difference between net profit of the return to the mother and net profit from the deduction being mainly derived from the return on the disposal of assets. 1) Non-current asset disposal
The revenue is $557 million, mainly due to the transfer by agreement of the company’s controlling subsidiary, San Francisco, of billions of dollars in proceeds from disposal of 100% of the company’s share in the South China Sea alloys. A contraction of profits in aluminium oxide units has been a drag on the company’s performance. The average value of national production of aluminium oxide in the first half of this year was equal to that of the rest of the year.
A slight decline, with a tax price of approximately $2862 per ton; a marked increase in the price of bauxite at the cost end, and an increase in the average price of bauxite from $385 per to 510 per ton in Shanxi (al/si=5 without taxes to factory prices) directly contributed to the contraction of profits in the company's aluminium oxide unit. The company's aluminium oxide production capacity was large and was available by the end of 2018.
In addition to meeting the production needs of electrolytic aluminium, a large part of the company ' s aluminium oxide is sold directly. The price of electrolytic aluminium rose slightly more than expected, but it fell in the same year.
The hub has been rising steadily, and the increase in shutdowns or reduced capacity has made up for the weakness of end consumption, but the same amount/tonne of data. The profit of the electrolytic aluminium units affected by this has been reduced over the same period, but the large losses sustained in the second half of last year have significantly improved.
In the first half of the year, companies accumulated $20 billion in low-cost bonds, accumulated $19.4 billion in stock debt swaps, and reduced weighted average interest rates by 31 bp. The international rating agency’s goodwill raised the corporate head rating from “bb+” to “a-” marks the company’s acquisition of an international rating agency and an international rating agency.
There is also a reduction of the asset-liability ratio of 0.9 percentage points, after the impact of the adjustment of accounting standards has been removed, by companies reducing the liability model by, for example, reducing it.
Coverage gives an “enhanced” rating. 1 Company profile: the world's leading aluminium company, China Aluminium, Inc., is a leading Chinese industry in non-ferrous metals, with a combined strength at the top of the global aluminium industry.
The company now has the world’s largest aluminium oxide production capacity, the second largest in the world, the largest in carbon production, and the world’s first in asset size. The company owns the industrial chain for bauxite mining, aluminium oxide smelting, electrolysis aluminium, and alloy production.
The Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601,600), the Hong Kong Joint Stock Exchange (stock code: 2600) and the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: ach) are listed. Companies are committed to maintaining a leading position in the domestic market and to moving in the direction of extending the front end of the industrial chain and the high end of the value chain.
At present, the company has 13 high-quality mines, and bauxite deposits, with a 50% self-sustainability rate. The bauxite deposits in the Guangxi Pino mine are the highest in the country, with more than 11% ore taste. In addition, in 2018, the company invested $706 million in the Guinea boffa bauxite project, covering mines, ports, and barges, rapidly expanding aluminium oxides, etc.
By the end of 2018, the amount of bauxite resources controlled by the company was 2.62 billion tons, with domestic resources amounting to 750 million tons, or more than 42 per cent of the country's total resources; foreign resources amount to 1.870 billion tons.
18,86 million tons and 4.78 million tons, respectively, are the second largest in the world. In terms of additional capacity, the company is building a 2 million tons of aluminium oxide per year in the Guangxi City Bay, which will be used for the Guinean bauxite mining programme, which is expected to be operational by June 2020; the company ' s electrolytic aluminium capacity has been increasing in recent years, and since 2018 the company has been shut down from the northeast and other uses of electricity.
Table 2: Distribution of Aluminium Oxide production in China (in tons) Table 3: Distribution of Aluminium production in China (in tons)
The company’s core products for sale abroad are aluminium oxide and aluminium electrolysis. In addition to meeting the demand for the production of electrolytic aluminium, a large part of the company’s own aluminium oxide is sold out directly. In 2018, the company sold 7.45 million tons of aluminium oxide and alumina electrolytic.
Foreign sales of 4.29 million tons. Apart from this, the trade plate is large, but the rate is low; the energy plate is a new profit growth point for companies, where coal is sold to internal firms and external customers, public fire, wind and photovoltaic power, to electricity grid companies in the region.
The sharp decline in performance over the same year was mainly due to the domestic economy and the United States tariff escalation, the slower rate of consumption, the lower prices of aluminium, the lower net profit of about $100 million for businesses earning operating income, and the contraction of profits in aluminium oxide units, which was a drag on performance. The average price of national aluminium oxide production declined slightly in the first half of the year.
The tax price was approximately $2862/t: the price of bauxite at the end of the cost increased markedly, and the average price of the bauxite mine (al/si = 5 without taxes to factory prices) increased from $385/t to $510/t, directly leading to a contraction in profits of the company's aluminium oxide unit. 2) The price of electrolytic aluminium rose slightly over-expected, but was still falling compared to the same price.
The average price dropped in the first half of the year to $133,795 in the first half of the year. The unit profit of the affected company for electrolytic aluminium contracted over the same period, but the continued substantial loss during the second half of the year has improved significantly.
3.1 Aluminium oxide production price falls to the bottom of the zone Aluminium oxide production capacity is excessive and the price is maintained at the bottom. According to the latest offer from the Asian Metal Network, the spot price of Aluminium Ooxidation national production has fallen by $2,500 per ton, showing a almost straight downward trend from its high point of 3165 per ton in May.
As of June, 25.1 million tons of aluminium oxide were produced in Shanxi, representing 30% of the country’s total production capacity. The cost of aluminium oxide in Shanxi was the highest in the country, with a cash cost of about $2,500/t. While most aluminium oxide companies were in a loss position in the previous period, there was actually little capacity to produce or inspect, as aluminium oxide companies abandoned profits and returned to the cash stream by lowering prices.
Aluminium oxide production capacity in the country is so large that it is central to the price increase of aluminium oxide. Although the current price has reached the cash cost line for aluminium oxide in Shanxi, it is still increasing in low-cost areas due to different regional costs for aluminium oxide, lower costs in Shandong, Guangxi, Guizhou, etc., where aluminium oxide plants are still profitable. Aluminium oxide production in low-cost areas is still increasing, and aluminium oxide is occurring in the short term.
Prices will remain at the bottom. 3.2 Electrolytic aluminium supply and demand patterns will improve, and stocks are expected to decrease further, starting with the ability to produce, which is limited by the size of the ceiling in the country, at about 45-46 million tons.
With regard to new production capacity, the data show that, as of 15 August 2019, Chinese electrolytic aluminium had been completed in 2019 with a new capacity of 36.45 million tons, of which 13.38 million tons had been delivered, pending production of 2.2875 million tons, while the rest were under construction and available during the year.
With a new capacity of 900,000 tons and an expected further 1.05 million tons during the year, it is expected that the year will culminate in a cumulative capacity of 2.308 million tons, which will be restored and added to the new capacity, with a projected total domestic production of approximately 37 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in 2019, compared to the corresponding year.
From a demand perspective, domestic demand for electrolytic aluminium in the first half of the year was less than satisfactory, but is expected to be better than in the second half of the year. Aluminium consumption in the domestic real estate sector is in the upward cycle: investment in hyperpressure and photovoltaics is expected to begin to spread: the automobile industry is expected to come.
Smm's latest data show that the actual inventory of domestic electrolytic aluminium is about 1,043 million tons, which is close to 300,000 tons lower than at the beginning of the year, and over 700,000 tons lower than the high post-spring point.
The marginal improvement in supply and demand patterns, with a total output of about 37 million tons, is expected to be significantly better than in the second half of the year, with a total demand of about 3776 million tons, and domestic stocks of electrolytic aluminium will continue to be consumed, with an expected return to the level of 6-770 million tons by the end of the year. Overall, with the rapid fall in aluminium oxide prices, the profits of the entire aluminium industry chain will be transferred to the electrolytic aluminium chain.
To the extent that the excess supply pattern of aluminium oxide will continue, the electrolytic aluminium industry will continue to make profits, a marked improvement over last year’s significant and continuing losses, which will be reversed over the same period. Assumption 5: there will be no significant change in the company’s three rates.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business revenue for China for the period 2019-2021 as follows: China's aluminium industry is the most competitive aluminium company in the world, with the company's aluminum oxide production being the world's first, its original aluminium production the world's second, and its stronger voice in the domestic and foreign markets. But considering that aluminium oxide prices are kept at the bottom of the world, they operate against the company.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.