Information and communication continues to be high, leading marginal improvements, research assistant Chai Ka Fai q2 recovered to a steady increase, with a 1-cent income + 11.2%, profit + 14.59%.
One hundred and fifty-four million, or +11.15 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 1,377 million yuan, or +14.59 per cent.  20 years of expected growth in electricity network investment, which is expected to be in a state-of-the-art cycle for operations such as dispatching, powering and distribution. 20.53 billion yuan, or +1.6 per cent, was completed in January-July, of which q2 was significantly accelerated.
On the one hand, the overall scale of the investment in the grid has increased, and on the other hand, South Swe’s automated sub-sectors, which are expected to continue to grow steadily, are expected to grow steadily. With a clear orientation, the network is expected to continue its high profile.
The 2020 work plan focused on the deployment of power grids, the June national network, which focused on the new digital infrastructure, and the strategic direction of the power grid, which has been maintained since this year.
An important support unit for the development of national grid power grids, deep participation in industry standard-setting and programming, and the development of grid edge agents, multistations, joint agents, etc., to network technology products. Nanxi currently has a 30% share and 40% share of the priority project collection, and is expected to continue to benefit from a rapid expansion of the industry.
The National Network and the Political Bureau have repeatedly stressed the deployment of high-pressure approvals for start-up, and the timetable for this year's two-to-five construction is down, while three more direct streames are expected to go into pre-research, adding to the direct stream project.
2 National Electric Swe (600406): Broadly based on the contribution of a high Māori rate, mainly from soft products, with a relatively low number of tenders currently being tendered, new singles have declined in prognosis, but with a continuing high 19-year mark-in-the-high-high-high-high-high-pressure project, with its current overt and straight lines
KARA has set up a joint venture to promote the industrialization of electric robotics.
Figure 1: H1 income of $12.154 billion, compared to +11.15 per cent for the year, is expected to increase in the same rate, with the movement control, electricity use, distribution, etc., in the climate cycle. 20 years of investment in the grid, and monthly growth in the network.
20 years of national network investment from 408 billion (same as 9%) to 450 billion (same as the same), and we expect a 20-year break-down of the business boom cycle. Twenty years on the one hand, the overall scale of grid investment has increased, and on the other hand, the South Swe grid automation break-down operation is about to begin the boom cycle: 1) a new generation of dispatch systems.
Edie, Nanse continues to dominate; 2) a new generation of smart meters begins to rotate, with full price rises; 3) national grids are over-expected for charge-post planning; 4) network priorities are deployed upwards this year; 5) medium-high voltage transformers are automating the atmosphere.
Information and communication (ICT) H1 generated $2.16 billion, an increase of +35 per cent, and Māori 23.2 per cent remained robust; electricity grids were clearly oriented and were expected to continue the high profile. The 20-year national network launched the slogan “Building an international leading energy Internet company with Chinese characteristics.” The 2020 work plan focused on the deployment of electricity grids, with the June national network joining forces in Bat.
In 19 it continued to be an important support unit for the development of the national grid, with deep participation in industry standard-setting and programme design, and in the development of grid edge agents, multistational integrations, conglomerates, etc.
Yearly hyperpressure accelerates clearly, with a peak confirmed in the next two years. This round reboots in September 18, planning 5 straight 7 to 12 lines, approval of 6 by the end of 19 and 20 years of stress by the National Network and the Political Bureau on deployment of super-high pressure approvals.
The contribution from the high Māori ratio of flexible products has been reduced by the current relatively small number of bids, but the network-efficient equipment finance lease model has worked well with $760 million, an increase of 103.1 per cent, and a Māori rate of 45 per cent in the first half of the year. The network-efficient equipment finance lease business model was initiated in Nanxi, with 20h financing rental budget for energy-efficient equipment.
One hundred and seventy million have been re-established, at the end of the period, at $2.44 billion, which marks the completion of the delivery of leased equipment and the start of generating rental income, at the end of 20h the value of $3.81 billion on the lease of energy-saving equipment in construction works, and at the end of which rental income is included in the “Integration and Other” business block, with a high Māori rate, which is a significant positive contribution to the current period.
The company took the lead in the first half of the year in achieving full self-control over 10-1000kv full-type relay protection devices that were installed on the grid, completed the 3300vigbt and frd chip design encapsulation test, and made the first spot market for electricity.
A full monthly technical support system is in place. The new digital infrastructure supports grid clouds, data hubs, 5g network planning and norm-setting, new applications for grid technology scenarios, smart mass equipment and provincial smart energy combinations.
696 million yuan, a decrease of 833.14 per cent in the same year; the cash available for sales of commodities increased by 3.07 per cent in the same year. At the end of the period, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. had an investment advisory committee on securities