A high growth in the backbone of the connector industry and the development of new and emerging areas can be expected on August 26, 2019, to realize a net return profit of 573 million yuan, an increase of 23.13 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $4,597 million, an increase of 28.23 per cent over the previous year; net repatriation was achieved.
The profit was 573 million yuan, an increase of 23.13 per cent over the same period. In the first half of the year, the cost was 17.24 per cent, compared with 33.25 per cent in the same period in the previous year, and the level of Maori has remained stable in recent years. During the reporting period, the electric connectors and integrated component blocks received 3,594 million yuan, an increase of 31.79 per cent; and the optical and photovoltaic units collected 819 million yuan, a growth of the same year.
\triangleright is the leader of the military-industrial interface, which involves almost all aviation, space, electronics, ships and weapons downstream.
During the reporting period, the company successfully launched the first sea launch of the 11th “One Arrow Seven Star.” In the future, it is expected that the company’s military operations will continue to grow steadily, benefiting from the increasing cost of the defence forces, the military influence and the elimination of the 13th “pre-several” industry.
Over the reporting period, companies focused on high-end products such as high-speed connectors, photo-link backboards, following up on new-generation communications technologies such as 5g, data centres, cloud computing, etc.
The three major operators have now accelerated their deployment of 5g, each of which is scheduled to be pre-commercial in 2019 and commercial in 2020. Experts predict that our 5g construction investment will reach $705 billion, an increase of 56.7% over 4g.
The 5g pre-research project, with the gradual acceleration of the commercialization process, offers great scope for future development.
The company was the country’s first connector to new energy vehicles, with downstream customers such as Jianghuai, Biadei, Woo-Tung, and other well-known drivers, mainly commercial vehicles, and cars above a0 level. During the reporting period, the company successfully conducted its work with foreign firms on the basis of high voltage power-flow connections and the consolidation of the domestic market for autonomous branded cars.
Co-operation. According to the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, published by the State Council, the year 2020 will be the year of new energy vehicles.
The rapid growth of the car industry is expected to provide a new profit growth point for the company’s new energy automobile business.1 Military orders are not as expected;2 new energy vehicles are not as sold as expected;3 and the expansion of overseas operations is slow The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,