Performance grew robustly and management levels were prominent - 23.13 per cent in the same year, $560 million in net profit from non-mortality, 22.87 per cent in the same year, and $219 million in net operating cash flow.
On a product-by-product basis, electrical connectors and integrated components, optical devices and PV equipment, fluid dentals and their aggregates, 2019h1 achieved a robust increase in revenue earnings.
The net operating cash flow of 2019h1 is $219 million, which is significantly lower than the net profit. According to the supplementary information in the cash flow table, the increase in inventory and receivables is the main reason why the net operating cash flow of the company has been smaller than the net profit in previous years.
Most, especially during periods of rapid enterprise growth, receivables and inventories are growing faster than income. The sum of net cash flows from companies operating in 2014 - 2019h1 as a share of net profits is 41%, and is at a medium level among companies listed in the Military Industrial and Electricity Sector.
In our view, the company’s net cash flow, while lower than its net profit, will not affect its ability to operate on a continuing basis, given the current cash flow.
The company’s roe is at a higher level in the military industry, with 17.44 per cent in 2018, and is more stable through Dou, so that the roe level is also more stable.It is worth noting that the company’s receivables and inventory have grown faster in recent years than its operating cash flow.
1. China-China Photovoltaics (002179). The main reason for the mismatch between earnings is theoretically leading to a decline in asset turnover, which leads to a steady growth in profits and a good overall operating position.
Level. However, the turnover of the company ' s assets has remained stable owing to the increasing efficiency of the use of fixed assets, which, in terms of fixed assets as a proportion of income, continued to decline in 2014-2018, indicating a continuous increase in income from fixed assets, reflecting the level of management of the company ' s operations in its peers
2. China PV (002179); q3 in good condition, with a rapid increase in earnings; and China PV (002179);
We believe that China-China photovoltaic is a well-run, well-managed enterprise, with a steady growth in production and a sustained growth in the demand for military labour, communications and new energy vehicles in the main downstream areas prior to the company's long-term development.
Table 3: Fixed assets of companies as a share of income (%)
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board