This week's industry perspective: Focusing on lithium electric equipment plates Lithium electric equipment: In the lead-up to the market's concern that the new energy subsidising industry would be lower than expected, which would put down the price chain of the new energy industry, we think, on the one hand, when considering Ningde,
The trend in the expansion of the production of large lithium batteries, such as Dai and Biadei, continued, with a relatively high degree of certainty in 2019 and 2020, with the capacity of lithium equipment under relative stress and less pressure to reduce prices; moreover, unlike in 2017 and the first half of 2018, the bargaining power of the lithium equipment industry has increased as a result of the continued shuffling of the lithium equipment industry. Although the lithium battery industry still faces a pattern of structural excess capacity, the surplus is mainly due to backward low-end capacity, which requires high-end capacity.
Still in place, and the size of the market for and collection of excellent lithium power plants continues to be accompanied by a rapid increase in the stock-washing of the lithium battery industry. We suggest that attention be focused on cutting-edge intelligence (300450.sz), cutting-edge technology (300457.sz) and cutting-edge equipment (300340.sz).
[Excellent push] for a weekly industry product that gathers policy forwards, medium-flight luminous (002179.sz) (2019-06-28 for 33.46)
Market hot spots, industry depths, are one thing that is of great value to investors seeking absolute returns. \triangleright
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best in the company, with each \triangleright showing a steady improvement in its performance, looking at the growth in corporate profits in 2019. Companies achieved $7,816 million in operating income in 2018, an increase of 22.86 per cent in comparison with the net return to the mother.
The Māori rate is 32.56 per cent, down by 2.48 pct from the same period in the previous year; the company ' s sales costs, management costs are well controlled and financial costs benefit from the exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar, and it is believed that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market.
In 2019, the company will continue to focus on the connectivity area, along the vertical extension of the industrial chain, with a focus on the promotion of the civil development project and on increasing the development of the space market. It will continue to follow up on deep-sea equipment construction, domestic and international interconnection of new energy vehicles, 5g, orbital transport markets.
We're looking at the growth of corporate profits in 2019 in the high-end consumer electronics market.
In 2018, the cost of PV in China rose by 31.22% in comparison with the previous year, with a ratio of 7.95%. In Beijing, a number of product technologies, such as high-plug-life print board connectors, interplating wireless transmission technology, broke the foreign monopoly and created autonomous intellectual property rights; and anti-nuclear electromagnetic pulse connection technology.
During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened their strategic cooperation with key clients, and secured comprehensive safeguards.
In addition, the company promoted the establishment of a German branch to enter the supply chain of international first-class cars; in the area of 5g, it strengthened its cooperation with China and won the title of a global gold medal supplier.
China’s PV has insisted on developing new dynamic energy through stock change and incremental rise, doubling revenues in the areas of oil, medical care, and new energy equipment, and increasing sales in the area of industrial equipment by more than 50% on a year-on-year basis. Risk factors: new types of R & D are not as fast as expected; companies are not expanding to higher-end interconnections.
The report is produced and published by the China Securities Commission. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients. Both parties have strictly agreed on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.