The debt foreclosure period has been gradually released, and the company is a high-level expert in the Chinese industry to provide interconnective technical solutions to military defence and high-end manufacturing.
The company issued its fifth indicative announcement on “PV debt” foreclosure and suspension of transactions, as of 20 September 2019. The company’s products were widely used in aerospace and military collections, and the amount of “PV debt” collected was $135.350/barrel.
Areas of interest, communications networks and data centres, orbital traffic, and “photo-electric debt” that has not been transferred since the city was collected on 29 October 2019 will be based on 100.20 new energy vehicles, electricity, oil equipment, medical equipment
The price of the dollar/barrel is forced for ransom. 1 - the terms of the ransom were triggered early last week, and the price of the ransom was much lower than the positive share price.
According to the company's communiqué on photovoltaic debt, if at least ten or five trading days of the company's stock were to be collected at a price not less than 130% of the current transfer price, the ransom clause would trigger the redemption clause. And the “PV” foreclosure price would be $100.20 per sheet (including interest accrued during the period).
The interest rate for the current year is 0.2 per cent, and interest for the current period is taxable. As of 20 September 2019, the price of the “wire-to-power” debt had been collected at $135.050 per sheet, and the foreclosure price was much lower than the positive share price.
On Sunday, the average turnover was 98.924 million shares, and we believe that the company's upward pressure due to the transfer of shares or will be on its way to the source of the financial boom in the East,3 and the outlook for the end of the 13th century is expected to rise, and the pace of contract and revenue growth is expected to accelerate every year over the next two years.
In the second half of the year ahead, we think that the aviation, weapons, space and other sub-sectors may continue to grow at a high rate, while the electronic sub-sector may have a higher number of compensatory orders at a high rate, while the ship industry orders are expected to improve in the second half of the year. In our view, the implementation of the combined compensatory orders and the expansion of the increment orders in the second half of the year, the contract and revenue growth in 2019 and 2020 are expected to accelerate year after year.
The company has a relatively high genetic innovation in military goods, a relatively high share of new products with exclusive supply rights (single value added and a higher Maori rate), and a future Māori roll-out rate of downstream products4; the company may well benefit from an accelerated process of national production substitution, while the 5g product is expected to contribute progressively to its performance. Connectors, as one of the essential components of communications equipment, are more valuable in communications equipment.
According to the Strategic Planning Study on Market Demand Forecasting and Investment in China’s Connector Manufacturing Industry, connectors account for about 3-5% of the value of telecommunications equipment and more than 10% of the value of some large communications equipment. The company’s current communications operations consist mainly of light connectors and electrical connectors, and we assume that the Ministry’s communications operations consist mainly of fibre-optic jumpers, fibre-optic cable components, and so on, while the subsidiary, Fusada, is the industry leader in radio frequency-axis connectors.
The lack of core electronic components upstream in the national communications industry cannot be ignored, and high-end electronic components such as cpu, fpga, ad/da, radio-frequency chips are virtually irreplaceable in the global market. The earlier events of the China-China events highlighted the importance of national ownership of key chips and upstream components. As a gold medal supplier, corporate communications connectors are used mainly for wireless distribution base stations and data centre equipment, China-China events or will accelerate national production replacement and autonomous control processes, while China-China light power will be used in the future or in the future.
At the same time, future corporate communications operations will probably benefit fully from the increase in the number of base stations and single base station values from the 4g to the 5g. Figure 2: Typical interconnectivity of base stations between base station controllers, mobile exchange networks and gateway support nodes
5: Core military industry assets should enjoy valuation premiums, and the situation of industry champions will continue. In mid-August, we released a report, Eung Xing Securities - China Light Power - 002179 - The Secrets of the Big Cow Stock: A Full Rewind of Stock Prices since it was listed and for the last two years. A review of stock price performance since the company went to the market and for the last two years concluded that, first, few companies were able to cross cattle bears, but companies with good performance in Bear City resisted.
Second, the company itself has the strongest convergence with the military-industrial index, but in recent years, as new energy cars, communications, and the military-industrial industry have expanded, convergence has become smaller and convergence in electronics, communications, etc., has increased.
Markets are paying increasing attention to value investment, with industry leaders growing up over several years enjoying far higher valuation premiums than other companies; and fourth, it is important to focus on one thing. All of the company’s business is horizontal and vertical expansion based on the core of connectivity, and does not develop dual or new masterships as some companies do, focusing on one thing to make the company more aware of the future direction of the industry and of its customers.
At this point in time, we believe that as the military industry and the 5g business climate rises, companies will maintain high performance growth over the next few years, while, as a number of military industries, weapons and equipment deliveries are slower than expected, value-added tax will have a higher impact than expected, and military goods pricing reforms will have a higher impact than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
00217. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, is not going to be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.