The company is a high-level expert in the Chinese industry to provide interconnective technological solutions for military defence and high-end manufacturing.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated operating revenues of $4,597 million in the first half of 2019, in conjunction with technology enterprises.
At this point, we believe that with the military industry and high-end civilian manufacturing such as 5 g’s business landscape and smart equipment, the atmosphere is rising, and the company’s performance will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years, while at the same time being in the military industry.
With few core assets, companies will still enjoy valuation premiums based on certainty.1 The first half of the year has met expectations, management costs and cash flows have improved markedly The first half of the year has met expectations, and profit growth has increased in proportion to income growth, mainly for two reasons.
First, the increase in military revenues in the first half of the year 2019 or similar to the increase in public goods, compared with the significant increase in management costs that were considered to be the main cause or that resulted from the significant payment of salaries and bonuses to research and development personnel in the first half of the year, has improved on a marginal basis this year. Cash generated by the company ' s operations in the first half of the year.
Net flows exceeded $200 million, a significant improvement over the previous year’s $123 million, mainly due to an increase in the settlement of payable instruments and their maturity. However, the company’s financial costs increased by $1.579.32 million (+226.57 per cent) in the first half of the year over the same period, mainly because of higher interest on new debt-transferables.
In a single quarter, the company achieved operating income of 2,441 million yuan (+15.80 per cent) in the second quarter of 2019. The net return to the mother of 340 million yuan (+14.14 per cent) was less than the cumulative increase in the previous two quarters, either because of the higher base in the first quarter of last year or because of the high rate of Maori in the first half of last year.
The income is recognized in the second quarter, which leads to a higher base.
The semi-annual evaluation of China PV (002179). Performances meet expectations, military-industrial and communications operations are expected to have an impact on the structure of the company’s products, and military revenues in the first quarter of the second quarter of 2019 have increased or increased.
Figure 1: Changes in operating income in a single quarter2 and the outlook for the end of the 13th quarter is expected to increase, with contracts and revenues expected to accelerate each year over the next two years, with orders or faster growth in the military industry in the first half of 2019. Looking ahead, we think that the sub-industry of aviation, weapons, space, etc. will continue to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year.
We believe that, in conjunction with the implementation of the compensatory orders and the expansion of the two-year incremental orders after the thirteenth and fifth years, contract and income growth in 2019 and 2020 are expected to accelerate year by year. At the same time, we believe that companies have a better genes for innovation in military goods, with a higher share of new products with exclusive supply rights (single value added and a higher Māori rate), and a higher Māori rate for future downstream production is expected to remain high.
3. Companies may benefit fully from an accelerated process of national production substitution, while 5g products are expected to gradually contribute to performance Connectors, one of the essential components of communications equipment, are of greater value in communications equipment. Communications terminals include, inter alia, switches, routers, modem mediators, user access terminal equipment, etc. In accordance with the Strategic Planning Study on Market Demand Forecasts and Investment in China’s Linkage Manufacturing Industry, connectors are connected.
The value of mail equipment is about 3 to 5%, and in some large communications equipment it is more than 10%. The company’s current communications business consists mainly of optical connectors and electrical connectors, and we assume that the Ministry’s communications business consists mainly of fibre-optic jumpers, fibre-optic cable components, etc. The subsidiary Fusta is the leader of the industry in connection with radio frequency and axle connectors. The problem of missing core electronic components upstream of our communications industry cannot be ignored, with high-end electronics such as cpu, fpga, ad/da, radio chip, etc., in the global market almost everywhere.
There is no alternative to this. China’s earlier events highlighted the importance of autonomous control of key domestic chips and upstream components. As a gold medal supplier, the company’s communications connectors are used mainly for wireless distribution base stations and data centre equipment, either to accelerate national production replacement and autonomous control processes, and the future of China’s light power will benefit fully.
Figure 4: Typical connections between base station controllers, mobile exchange networks and gateway support nodes
4: Core assets of the military industry deserve value premiums, and the situation of the industry's champions will continue. In mid-August, we released a report entitled Eung Xing Securities - China Light Power - 002179 - Big Cow Stock: A full-scale round-up of stock prices since listing and for the last two years, a review of stock price performance since listing and for the last two years, and concluded, first, that few companies have been able to cross cattle bears, but that companies with good performance in Bear City have resisted.
The Energetic Assets era (with emphasis on certainty), high-roe and high-profit growth are central factors in good stock-price performance; secondly, companies are the most homogenous with military-industrial indices, but in recent years, as new energy cars, communications, and the military-industrial industry expand, convergence has become smaller and convergence has increased in electronics, communications, etc.; thirdly, the market has become more focused on value investment, with industry leaders who have grown over several years enjoying far higher valuation premiums than others; and fourthly, focus on the industry and focus on one.
At this point, we believe that, as the military industry and the 5g business climate rises, the company will maintain its high performance growth in the coming years, while at the same time being a number of military industries.
The delivery of arms and equipment has been slower than expected, the impact of VAT has been higher, and the impact of military pricing reform has been higher than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Half-yearly evaluation of China PV (002179). Performance meets expectations, military engineering and communications operations are expected
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.