China PV (002179); Big Cow's Ox Company is a professional in the Chinese industry for military defense and high, and China PV is a leader in the military industry, and stock prices have increased since it was marketed in 2007.
With over 700% of high-tech technology solutions in the field of end-production, we will be divided into two phases, the first of which will be stock prices and technology enterprises since the company's listing. The company's products are widely used in aerospace and military applications.
A comparison of the company ' s share price with the area of activity, the communications network and the data centre, orbital traffic, the depth 300 index and the Chinese Defence Force labour index for the last two years, with a view to identifying the core drivers of the share price at each stage.
New energy vehicles, electricity, oil equipment, medical equipment to move variables and summarize them, and high-end civilian manufacturing such as smart equipment.
I. Stock price review since the company was listed: The decline in the stock price of the company converged with the depth 300 index and the index of the Chinese Defence Force (which fell at one time over 60 per cent), the core driver variable: 1. The United States subprime mortgage crisis led to a global financial crisis, and domestic sharesa
The company ' s share price significantly won the deep 300 index and the medium defence force index (the share price rebounds more than five times), the core driver variable: 1. Undervalued performance, less than 0.3 pegs, the company ' s net profit in 2007, the company ' s share price fell more than the deep 300 index and the medium defence force index (the share price fell more than).
The decline in corporate stock prices was significantly higher than the depth of 300 indexes, and there was a convergence of the index of the Chinese Defence Force workers (the decline in stock prices, the value premium, the sharp increase in the military holdings); 3. The shift in monetary policy and the expected reforms have boosted the emergence of a new round of cattle, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Phase V: August 2015 to date Core drivers: 1. High performance growth, high public goods expansion and rapid growth in new energy vehicles and communications; 2. High industry leaders with strong market styles and high white horse stock prices.
First, few companies have been able to cross cattle bears, but in Bear City, companies with high performance certainty resisted and rebounded the most, with the most obvious excess gains being made. Whether in the era of miniature votes in 2012-2015 (with an emphasis on imagination), or in the era of “core assets” in 2016-2019 (with a focus on certainty), highroe and higher profits, the company itself and the military industry index are the strongest, but in recent years as new energy cars, communications, and the military industry have grown less and less.
(c) Fourth, it is important to focus on one thing. All of the company's business is horizontal and vertical expansion based on the core of the connector, which is not partial.
The value of the company’s shares is largely in line with the trend of the Chinese Defence Force’s index of workers, falling first and rising, and the core driver: 1. Outlying stock markets are falling a share, and the market is worried about a stake pledge.
The risk was exposed, and the company’s share price followed the whole plate downwards; 2. The military-industrial unit rebounded because of its own high beta properties, with a preponderance of light and electricity.
Phase IV: January 2019 to date, phase I: First, the advantages of a single-card position between the military and the military, and the potential for sustainable growth in a large public goods market. For a single company, the technical characteristics of the product are the first to be used.
Second, the winner-take-all situation will continue. The biggest advantage of industry-led companies is the sustainability of income (or orders) and the competitive market advantage of products (with a certain right to price), and companies are still expected to increase their market share in the future, first, by making technology more difficult and system-based to create new demand.
Third, a firm’s best choice for a firm’s most determined industrial leader is in the context of stock-capitalization reforms. The firm’s performance growth is unique, with both revenue and net profit-weighted average increases of more than 20% since it was listed, and roe remains industry-first for the long term.
iii. The company’s semi-annual outlook and future business highlights are above and above. Despite the high base in the first quarter of last year’s second quarter, the impact on the semi-annual report in 2019 was modest, mainly because military revenue grew at a rate similar to that of public goods in the first half of 2019, with a marked improvement compared to 2018, when the Māori rate of military business was much higher than that of civilian goods; and management costs were similar during the second half of 2018.
This represents an increase of 19.71 per cent, a major reason for the increase or a marginal change in the R&D bonus scheme in 2019. Third, the company’s hair-forming debt swaps. The future of communications business is noteworthy: the company’s current communications business consists mainly of light connectors and electrical connectors, and we assume that the Ministry’s communications business consists mainly of fibre-optic jumpers, fibre-optic cable components, and the subsidiary Fausta is the leader of the industry in connection with radio frequency and axle connectors. As a gold medal supplier, we judge that the company is now on an annual basis.
With sales to China amounting to over billions of dollars, future corporate communications operations may well benefit from the increase in the number and value of base stations from the 4g to the 5g era. The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Hong Kong University of Technology has six years of experience in securities, and has worked in China, the Great Wall, and joined the East Hing Securities Corps in 2017.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies