The performance of the National Defence Force has increased in line with expectations, with significant civil-military integration.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2019, the company achieved the expected growth in business performance in January-June 2019, and the civil-military integration was effective. During the reporting period, the company ' s civil-military operations continued to grow steadily. With regard to military goods, the company followed national priorities.
The first launch at sea of the 11th "One Arrow Seven Star" was organized: the "Defence Equation Technology Seminar - Second Workshop on Interconnection of Carborne Information Systems" was organized, and the interface between connectivity technology and vehicle-borne information systems was enhanced. In the area of public goods, the communications sector was highly focused.
High-end products such as speed connectors, photo-link backboards, follow-up on new-generation communication technologies such as 5g, data centres, cloud computing, and develop and order products around client-focused projects: new energy vehicles are built around high-voltage big current connector products, and domestic ownership is consolidated
On the basis of the branded car market, we have successfully worked with foreign car companies. We believe that with the successive release of total stock/flow (billion shares) military orders and the build-up peak of 5g, the company's performance in the second half of the year is expected to be realized.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) of technological innovation has been broken, and stock buybacks have shown confidence. Companies have continued to grow by 54.43% over the reporting period. In terms of technological innovation, companies have focused on high-end technological frontiers and market demand.
In the meantime, a long-term mechanism for capacity-building in core processes has been initially established.
The central manufacturing capacity has been further enhanced by the continued promotion of automation and the integration of information technologies. During the reporting period, the company issued a stock buy-back programme, which was accumulated as at 30 June 2019, reflecting confidence in the company’s future development and recognition of its intrinsic value.
Increased performance against expectations, significant civilian-military integration, high performance against expectations, and significant civil-military integration.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.