It's high, and the semi-annual report is expected to maintain high growth, and the company's expertise under the Chinese industry is military defense and high, and it's our team's priority target, and the company's share price is today.
We think that the company's semi-annual report is expected to maintain high growth. Looking forward, the military is gradually coming to technology. The company's products are widely applied to aerospace and the military.
In high-winding cycles, the communications side will benefit fully from the national production replacement acceleration. As a core asset in the military industry, the communications network and the data centre, orbital traffic, we should have a premium on valuation.
New energy vehicles, electricity, oil equipment, medical equipment, and smart equipment are high-end civilian manufacturing areas. We are now answering a few of the market’s concerns:
Quality flagship shares should enjoy valuation premium.
Prices, as a few core assets in the military industry, not only did the company share value successfully cross the cattle bear, but the higher revenue base for the second quarter of 2018 was due to the delay in revenue recognition, which resulted in net profits of $298 million in the first quarter of the second quarter attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which increased on a single-season basis.
15.55. We believe that the major reason for the significant increase in single-quarter revenue at that time was the delay in the recognition of higher revenues in the first quarter of 2018 to the second quarter, while profit growth was slower than the increase in revenue was mainly due to the fact that in the first half of the year, the growth in the operation and communications operations of the new, lower Maori, was much faster than that of military workers.
3: The high base in the first quarter of last year did not affect this year's semi-annual report, and we judge that last year's high base has had some, but little, impact on the semi-annual report in 2019.
The Māori rate for military operations is much higher than for civil and military structures, which are expected to raise the Māori level of companies in comparison to the same ratio; and second, management costs increased by 19.71 per cent over the same period in the first half of 2018, mainly as a result of or for the increase in basic wages and bonuses of R&D personnel, which occurred in 2019.
Figure 1: Changes in operating income in the single quarter. Figure 2: Changes in net profit from single-quarter return
The first quarter of 2019 showed that the financial cost had increased by less than 7 million, mainly because funds raised for the issuance of the debt could be used as deposit agreements, and the interest income earned offset a portion of the financial costs that could be issued at the base interest rate of the loan, at the real interest rate or around 2 per cent.
5. New energy automobiles and communications operations do not drag corporate Māori in recent years, and Māori rates for new energy automobiles and communications have declined significantly, and are now located in lower areas, with limited contributions to net profits, and we judge that 5g-related products will gradually contribute to performance in the second half of this year, and that Māori rates for corporate communications are expected to rise steadily.
The delivery of arms and equipment was slower than expected, the impact of VAT was higher than expected, and the impact of the military pricing reform was higher than expected.
China Air Photovoltaics (002179).
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Report (002179); Re-innovation, six months of high growth, without any assurance of the accuracy and completeness of this information, and without assurance that the information and advice contained in it will not happen.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.