The company is a high-level expert under the China-China industry who provides interconnectivity technology solutions in the field of military defence and high-end manufacturing.
Technology enterprises. Corporate products are widely used in the field of aerospace and military affairs, communications networks and data centres, orbital traffic, and in the field of high-end civilian manufacturing such as smart equipment.
As a small part of the military industry, we are now answering a few of the market concerns:
The company ' s historical valuation was about 40 times as high as that given by the market in July 2015, with a premium on the certainty of a high-quality flagship against the whole stock and overseas market. As a small core asset in the military industry, the company ' s share price not only successfully passed through the cattle bear but also for almost six months.
There are rumours that the company's entire orders and military orders in June are poor. On the one hand, we judge that the company's current overall order growth is generally or related to the poor performance of new energy vehicle orders and the new energy engine.
The first half of the year of poor purchase orders is related to changes in the basics of the entire factory, and the company's new energy car is expected to hit in the second half of the year, while the military single-month orders, even though they are smaller, are judged to have less or less of a single-month completion rate in June, which does not mean that the company has a higher one-month completion rate.
There is a substantial decline in the future rate of growth of SWF orders.3 The second quarter of 2018 and the higher profit base were due to delays in the recognition of revenues.208 billion yuan in the first quarter of the second quarter of 2018, compared with an increase of 30.87 per cent.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $298 million in the first quarter of the second quarter, a single-quarter increase of 15.55 per cent. We believe that the major reason for the significant increase in single-quarter revenue was the delay in the recognition of higher revenues in the first quarter of 2018 to the second quarter, while the higher rate of profit growth was slower than in the previous year.
The growth in the six-month-old Maori-low new-energy automobile and communications business has been much faster than the military industry, resulting in a relatively high share of public goods.4 The high base in the first quarter of last year’s second quarter does not affect this year’s semi-annual report.
We judge that last year ' s high base has had some, but little, impact on the semi-annual report in 2019, mainly because of the fact that in the first half of the year 2019, military revenues increased at a rate similar to that of civilian revenues, while in the first half of the year 2019, the Māori rate for military operations was much higher than for civilian goods, and the same-year increase in military structure was expected to raise the Māori rate of companies; and in the second half of the year 2018, management costs increased by 19.71 per cent over the same period, either mainly for R&D staff ' s basic wages and bonus increases, while in 2019 there was a marginal change.
Figure 1: Changes in operating income in the first quarter of 2019, which did not result in significant increases in financial costs
In our judgement, the transferable issue cost or lower than previously anticipated by the market, the first quarterly report of 2019 showed that the financial cost had increased by less than 7 million dollars, mainly because funds raised for the issuance of the transferable debt were used as negotiated deposits, and that the interest earned offset a portion of the transferable debt issued at or around 2 per cent of the financial cost at the base interest rate of the loan.
The Māori rate for the new energy automobile and communications operations has declined significantly in recent years, with the Māori rate for the two operations now located in lower areas and with limited contribution to net profit, we conclude that the 5g-related products will gradually contribute to their performance in the second half of this year, and that the Māori rate for the company’s communications operations is expected to rise steadily. The delivery of arms and equipment is slower than expected, the impact of VAT is higher than expected, and the impact of military pricing reform is higher than expected.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
East Hing Securities Company reports that China's PV (002179); the semi-annual reports are expected to sustain high growth.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.