The improvement in the financial cost rate is due to an increase in exchange rate earnings.
Corporate business pressure highlights: 1) In 2019, the company faced a major strain, driving the process of flattening its channels.
And the company needs to maintain a high profit margin against its rivals; in addition, the competitor achieves digital reform, which is no less than a systematic reform that flattens the channels. 2) Reflected in the treasury, 25q2, q3 is a continuous source of land thinking.
Geiger continues to have brand premiums, with the highest net profit margin in Heatington, but its share is declining. While the public is sniping through the introduction of crystal-hungone air-conditioning as a value-for-money brand, there is little room for it in the context of the widespread multi-brand operation of other air-conditioning companies.
Competing competitors in the heating industry: 1) The company’s main competitors are America’s, Hale’s, and Mi’s. 2) Mi’s annual sales are expected to exceed 11 million units. In late September, Mi announced 10 years of air conditioner repairs, forcing the market and the quality of rice’s own products. Recently, Mi Wuhan’s air conditioner plant has come into operation.
Quality upgrading will continue to be an active challenger. 2) Hale's integration of the air-conditioning industry chain has evolved in recent years, with significant digital reform effect, market response speed and cost-control capacity up, head-in-chief branding, relative depth of 300 per cent.
Air-conditioning sales are blowing up. Hal 25q3 Chinese market revenue from air-conditioning increased by 30% on a year-on-year basis, significantly higher than industry. 3) The US is more satisfied with China’s share of the market’s air space, less demanding and more stable.
Investment Recommendations: Given the decline in the retail market and the competition in the market, we lower the company ' s profit forecast.
2. Galactic Electrics, Inc. Reviews: Channels, Change Perspectives: Stocking, Replenishing, 3. Galactic Electrics, Inc.
In the 25h1 consumer electrical/industrial products and green energy/smart equipment/other majors/other operations, the cost of the industry is realized separately. The 2024h1 Māori ratio is still based on the original accounting policy.
Figure 1: Severage of income from company-owned business (annual, by product) Figure 3: Revenue from company-owned electrical business and rate of increase in year-on-year (annual) Figure 4: Severage of income from company-owned business (annual, by region)
Figure 9: Gross operating income of companies (annual) (\equiv)
By product, 25h1 refrigeration fittings/refrigerating equipment/car heat management earned 54.1-480 million yuan, +8.8 per cent/-31.4 per cent/+81.8 per cent, respectively.
(i) Downside of the country ' s regress, with a drop of 2.5 per cent in household air conditioner sales in September and short-term pressure on air conditioners expected to continue in September. 1) Industry online data on the volume of 5.94 million air conditioners sold in September 2025, compared to 2.5 per cent.
As a result, in the provinces there is a tendency to control the rate of expenditure on subsidies, mainly in the form of daily subsidy restrictions, reduction in the number of subsidized items, suspensions, etc., and, on the other hand, in the light of weather disturbances, installation was hampered by successive rains throughout the country in September. (2) In October, retailing on the air-conditioning line was significantly better than below the line. vc weekly data, 25w40-42 (9.29-10.19) is empty.
Retail sales/retail sales are equal to +0.9 per cent/-1.3 per cent respectively, and some of the channel enterprises are partially offsetting the pressure on the national reciprocating slopes; line 6. q4 follow-up q4 production shows that the industry has some prognosis on the base of the national replenishments of last year, as well as on the impact of the current national regressing slopes. Industry online data for the month of 10/11/12 reflect 11.5 per cent/-8.4 per cent/-9.9 per cent respectively compared to the previous year’s sales performance in the same period.
Figure 26: Share (monthly) of major retail sales on air-conditioning lines (ii) Average prices on domestic air-conditioning lines improved after the end of the 618 price battle
1) The average retail price of the air-conditioning line continued down in April-July, 3978 yuan in July, down 10% from April; the average price went up in August, 4132/4300 yuan in August; the average price went up and down in October, down to $4003 in the third week. The average retail price of the online market went up again, and 25w42 (10.13-10.19) was 2457 yuan per station, up from 13.1% in June.
The share of sales has remained at around 14% for almost a year, with no consecutive increase in the ring. The competitive pattern in the industry has improved, during which the general profit rate of AC-II has increased and the market share has risen.
The average retail price has reached $2359 per station, compared with the average price of June +14.9 per cent, and the rest of the brand line has improved to varying degrees. (iii) The continued decline in the volume of air conditioners exported since May, with attention to the corporate offshore production base The shift in export emissions compared to the export performance of the same period last year - 9.4 per cent/-6.6 per cent/-1.2 per cent, continues to reflect the transfer of United States orders abroad and exports to the same base.
3) The global production base for air conditioners is widely distributed, with Thailand being the main air conditioner production base outside China, with 8.8 per cent of imports of United States air conditioners (sitc7415) in 2024 from Thailand, but with some impact on US customs risks, overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks for high-quality listed companies.
4) Low air-conditioning penetration rates in emerging market countries and the European region, with high global temperatures and high growth in air-conditioning exports over the years, particularly in 2024, where there are channels for de-drawn stocks. But the trend towards higher penetration rates and global warming of the world’s climate is increasing, China’s Galaxy Securities Institute
Figure 34: Share of exports from major domestic air-conditioning companies (external/internal, 25/24o1-3) (iv) Central air-conditioning sales are under pressure, but exports are growing
Air-conditioning sales were $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the continuing low real-estate market, the slow pace of industrial investment and weak demand for central air-conditioning terminals; the volume of central air-conditioning sales was 77.4 billion yuan in January-August 2025, a decline of 8.2 per cent in the same year, with the same August as China ' s enterprise ' s global competitiveness and share-led export growth in recent years. Industry online data, Central Air-conditioning, 2024
Exports amounted to 23.2 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent in the same year; export sales amounted to 16.8 billion yuan in January-August 2025, an increase of 16.7 per cent in the same year, and figure 38: Central AC sales, same scale of exports (monthly)
In terms of domestic sales, the price of the heat pump was average in 2024, and it is hoped that it will benefit from favourable policy issuances in 2025. On 2 April 2025, the National Development Reform Commission and other departments jointly issued the Action Plan for Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, which focuses on the use of heat pumps in priority areas such as construction, industry, agriculture, transport, etc., and proposes a 20% or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030.
According to industrial online data, in 2024, domestic heat pump sales are expected to be supported with policy power, corresponding to 100 billion-grade market space. As of the second half of the year, the European-American heat pump has been moving out of the vault cycle, and the single-month rate of growth has improved.
Heat pump exports grew by 22.5% over the same period. Looking ahead, it is expected that the heat pump exports will continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries. Figure 41: Scale of sales in heat pumps and rate of increase in the same rate (monthly) Figure 42: Size of exports of heat pumps and rate of increase in the same rate (monthly)
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.