Incident: Jang's February sales. 161,000 vehicles sold in February, i.e. + 6 per cent of the year, ring ratio \triangleright longsand cars (000625.sz)
-41%. Of this number, Chang-Ann's autonomous brands sold 137,000, i.e. +8%, ring ratio - 43%; 94,000, i.e. +12%, ring ratio - 51%; 48,000, overseas, intelligent driving process rapidly developed. Deep blue releases three full-scale smart driving solutions, deepal
In 2028, full-scale level 1-3 autopilots will be achieved. Dark blues09 will be a dry-and-swipe ads 3.0 and will be able to perform parking functions such as parking spaces, parking replacements, and off-boarding.
In the next three years, the company will launch 35 new smart cars. Of these, Chang An Xin will launch 10 products such as economic subv, medium-sized suv, medium-sized mpv, etc., deep blue cars will push out 10 products such as compact cars, six large suvs, and a whole new hardware, and Aveta will be rolling out.
The company’s overseas process has been steadily moving forward. In 2025, the company will complete its overseas market: 1) South-East Arroyon factory, officially entering the 2.0 phase of the GLOBE globalization strategy; 2) European products will be held.
Xu Guoxiang Research Assistant in the Automotive Industry Card Release Conference, official landing on the European market; 3) CIS region (e.g. Kazakhstan, Uz)
Kd projects are officially operational; 4) Central and South America completes the creation of the Brazilian subsidiary; 5) Central and East Africa completes the full import of the three major brands, Changan, Deepal, and Vatr. Risk factors: vehicle sales are less than expected, profitability is less than expected, new cars are not launched as expected
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.