Chang An vehicle (000625): January roll-out ratio, short-term energy fluctuations, growth momentum still in existence: Chang An vehicle issued the January 2025 Express. The company sold 2757,000 vehicles in January and the same ring ratio. One hundred and ninety-three thousand vehicles in January, and the same ring ratio - 1.85 per cent/+28.29 per cent; the new energy source sold in January.
6.75 million vehicles, or 26.10 per cent of the ring. For exports, the company sold 6.2 million overseas in January 2025. Seasonal disruptions are robust, and “double-new” policies are expected to boost new energy sales. 1) Total sales: corporate wholesale sales, autonomous brands, average sales of autonomous cars increased in January 2025 and dropped slightly, despite spring holidays and spring holidays.
In late 2024, with a double disturbance of the rush, the Lt. AN vehicle sales still show a high degree of resilience. (2) New energy sources: The Department ' s January 2025 pressure on new energy sales, with a relatively weak performance, was influenced by factors such as the early release of pre-saving car purchases until December 2024, and the “double-new” policy switch, which led to a cautious decision-making by consumers.
32.81% of Aveta brands perform relatively well, with a sharp decline below the overall level of the new energy plate, which helps to maintain the competitiveness of long cars in high-end markets. Looking to the market, with the company’s new energy vehicle cycle opening and associated stun policy effects continuing, the company’s new energy vehicle sales are expected to rebound steadily, supporting the company’s overall upwards.
New energy vehicles are intensive planning and globalization is accelerating. 1) New energy vehicles: the company plans to launch 13 new energy vehicles in 2025, covering dark blues, avita, and openings. Of these, deep blues will launch six large-sized suv deep blues09s with ads 3.0 and a smart sports car, and expand global products to 81 countries; and Avita will launch a package.
New models, including 12, 07 and 06; q07 is expected to be listed on the market. 2) Overseas layout: in 2025, the Department will focus on five major projects, including the launch of the Rojung factory in South-East Asia, with Thailand as the base for the expansion of the global right-wing car market; a European brand launch meeting to formally enter the European market; the launch of the Kd project in the CIS region; and the completion of Brazil in Central and South America.
Establishment of affiliates; full import of the three major brands of Changan, Deepal, Vatr in Central and East Africa to enhance the international competitiveness of companies through a value chain-wide alliance and multi-brand, multi-regional layout strategy.
I've got to go. Powering 2025, globalization strategy plus investment proposal: taking into account the company's intensive new energy vehicle-type planning in 2025, a clear globalization strategy, a corporate summary report with Hwa, Ninder, and a quick push.
The cooperation of the times has deepened, and we look forward to the prospect of a corporate electric intelligence transformation and global market growth space.
Chang An Car (000625): Risks of less than expected delivery of new energy in October. Appendix: forecast values in three major statements
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.