Chang An vehicle (000625): New energy sales increased by the same amount in February, and the speed of intellectual parity: Chang An vehicle released the February 2025 Express. The company distributed 16.14 million vehicles in February and the corresponding ring ratio was 94.42 million in February, and the same ring ratio was 12.45 per cent/-51.23 per cent, and the year 2025 m1-2 used autonomously.
In February, there was an equal increase in the volume of free-riding vehicles and an increase in the pace of delivery of new energy products. 1) Total sales: corporate wholesale sales in February 2025, autonomous branding, average sales of autonomous passenger vehicles decreased, same-time growth, and the ring decline was mainly influenced by the re-pacing of production during the spring break period and a contraction in market demand phase, but strategic models such as the cs75 series continued to release structures.
2) New energy: The company’s new energy sales loop in February 2025 is under pressure, but the same rate of penetration is expected to accelerate the cycle of smart electric products as it was in April 2025. The new energy transformation and globalization are accelerating, and the new drivers are upgrading. 1) New energy vehicles: the company plans to launch a new car in 2025.
13 new energy vehicles, covering brands such as Deep Blue, Avita, and Open Source. Of these, Deep Blue will launch six large-sized Sov Deep Blue S09 and one smart sports car and expand the global product to 81 countries. The Source will launch q07, one medium car and a compact suv. Avita will launch new models including 12, 07 and 06.)
Deep Blue publishes three full-time smart driving solutions, which provide differentiated driver configurations based on different price slots, where self-researched Deepaladpro supports high-speednoa functions, focuses more on driving experiences at the core of high-speed roads, urban fast roads, etc., and carries the program ' s deep blues07 sales are more expensive than the 10,000-dollar adsse version.
3) High-level intellectual driving experience has been reduced. 3) Overseas layout: in 2025, the company will focus on five major projects, including the launch of the Rojung plant in South-East Asia, the launch of the European branding conference, the launch of the Kd project in the CIS region, the completion of Brazil in Central and South America.
A subsidiary has been established, and three major brands have been imported into Central and East Africa: Changan, Deepal, and Vatr. Upgrade, short-term energy volatility, growth dynamics are still in place.
The cooperation of the times has deepened, and we look forward to the prospect of a corporate electric intelligence transformation and global market growth space.
Appendices to the 100,000-I corporate summary report: three series of statements predicting values, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.