Performance continued to grow, with attention paid to the release of high-speed light devices - the 2024 annual report of the Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) and the 2025 Quarterly Review report - the 2024 annual report of the Wirtschaftsprüfer and the 2025 Quarterly report: the 2024 company camp.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) of 1,344 million yuan, an increase of 84.07 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2025, companies achieved operating income, high demand for high-speed optical devices products and sustained growth in their performance.
The accelerated growth of the artificial intelligence industry and the construction of the global data centre have led to a steady and sustained growth in demand for high-speed optical device products, which has led to rapid growth in corporate performance, generating business income of $3.252 billion, an increase of 67.74 per cent, compared with a net return to the mother of $1,344 million.
Increased research and development consolidates technological advantages, and the global layout embraces the wave of the ai. Companies actively promote internationalization strategies, creating industrial fabrics for dual headquarters, dual production bases, and multi-field R&D centres.
The Bureau has established headquarters in Suzhou and Singapore, respectively; research and development centres in Japan, Shenzhen and Suzhou: production base in Jiangxi and Thailand, with diversified selection and localized technical support and services for clients.
In the meantime, companies will accelerate the global distribution of productive capacities, enhance investment in research and development technology, and continuously upgrade products and services.
Promoting sound and sustainable development of enterprises. Profit forecasting and investment rating: increasing demand to benefit from the development and arithmetic of technology, \triangleright
The construction of the global data centre has led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical device products, especially faster demand for high-speed products, leading to rapid growth in corporate performance.
Business income in 2024 was lower than we expected, but corporate profitability led the company to a high-speed light device demand that continued to grow, company performance that continued to increase - Skyfoil communications (300394.sz) 2024
High-speed light device demand, high corporate performance, increased profitability - Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) Annual Report 2023 and Quarterly Report 2024
\triangleright Medium-to-Trangleright is part of this report. Without the interference and influence of stakeholders in the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
I do not rate myself as r4 for this report's risk rating, but only for customers (c4 and c4) who meet the appropriate management requirements of the investors (hereinafter referred to as “the company”)
At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obligated to do so.