The pace of operations remained robust, and the products of large clients 1.6t and cpo were expected to generate new dynamic energy.o4, the company achieved revenues of 860 million yuan, an increase of 17.0 per cent and 2.2 per cent, respectively, in the same ring; and the return to the mother in the first quarter of 2025, the company operated at a robust pace.
29.1 per cent, 10.2 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of 340 million yuan, with a 21.1 per cent increase and a 8.0 per cent decrease in the same ring ratio; the second half of 2024, with a modest increase in the ring of source products, was the second half of 2024, but this year, the market broke out at 1.6t, with a significant demand for non-sourced devices such as fau, mt-fa, awg, separators, lenses, etc.
Growth, but on the other hand, the market phase of telecommunications wdm, pon, forward transmission, etc. The company, as the head of the full package type of unsourced device, has a strategic focus on high-speed, silicon light, etc., with a variety of high-level fa base data: 31 March 2025
Devices, single wave 200g light transmitters, high-speed light module demux devices (posa) have been delivered in small quantities, while continuing to optimize costs and raise the rate of unsourced Maori by 8.2 pct compared to 2023. At source, Fabrinet, the company’s top client, earned $20.0 billion in sales in 2024, an increase of 2023.
Big customer network products are in a transition period of 800g to 1.6t, while the massive deployment of the roce cluster network in North America has slowed the ib market. We believe that with the size of the gb300, blackwellultra and cx8 webcards in the second half of the year, companies have sourced products or resumed growth.
The company has a unique advantage in the chain of silicon light industries. The company is located up the chain of light-model industries, with downstream deliveries mainly in Thailand or within the country, and is not affected by tariff fluctuations.
At that time, the company’s first plant in Thailand was successfully delivered and put into production last year, and the second plant was on schedule. Meanwhile, some of the plant’s unsourced product lines have been successfully certified by customers and are expected to expand.
We believe that with the rapid increase in the penetration of silicon-light technology routes, the company develops capacity in customizing fau, lens arrays, etc., Sun Jinwen.
The light-engine surrogate experience of large clients and the unique positioning of industrial chains that do not compete with clients are promising companies that are important players in the British Weldacpo supply chain and that are expected to contribute to the new drive as the market rises.
Move. In Gttc2025, Yvesta launched the global leading silicon light switch system of the quantum and spectrum series. In Yvesta ' s view, a silicon light cpo switch can achieve 3.5 times lower energy consumption, lower delay, and significant network reliability improvements.
Lightning projects that the cap market will grow to $5 billion in 2030, with leading Internet equipment manufacturers like British Weida, Botton, and others as early promoters. The British Weddacpo exchange industry chain has been integrated into the United States, China, and Taiwan, with the participation of companies and Bojoway, Conning, Fan Harbour, and coherent.
Together, in fibre optics, connectors, and microoptics, the company is responsible for cpo power engines and passive fibre interconnection solutions. In its annual report, the company states that multi-channel high-power lasers for cpo have been delivered in small quantities.
In the short term, affected by the 1.6t start-up pace of large clients, we expect the growth of business activity in the corporate sector in the second half of the year and the release of 1.6t light module demand by large customers is lower than expected; competition patterns have deteriorated as a result of the introduction of new suppliers by large clients; the share of active products is lower than the overall Māori rate; and the volume and grossness of cpo products is lower than the increase in the overall Māori ratio.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would I be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.