\triangleright \triangleright
The dollar, which grew by 67.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, achieved a net profit of 1.344 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, an increase of 84.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a net profit of 1.314 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, an increase of 82.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a single quarter of 857 million yuan on a quarter-year basis, an increase of 17.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, an increase of 2.2 per cent on a ring-on-year basis, and a net profit of 367 million yuan on a mother-on-year basis.
The high demand for aai-driven high-speed light device and the high-growth performance of enablers: 67.7 per cent and 84.1 per cent, respectively, of corporate revenue \triangleright in 2024 and net return profit, mainly due to the global data centre
The construction of high-speed & light module product demand, which in turn leads to an increase in corporate revenue from both source and sourceless products. In addition, the company’s financial costs have been reduced on a year-on-year basis, as a result of interest income and exchange gains, and this has had a positive effect on net profits.
Ma Tian Wei, Singapore Overseas Headquarters platform construction and commissioning of Thai production base, as of the end of 24 years
Thailand’s production base is now operational.ai drives the release of high-end lightware products, and company Māori rates maintain a growing trend: company integration \triangleright in 2024
Tianfu communication (300394.sz) semi-annual reporting point 2024 I over-expected aid performance, demand for high-speed optical device products Sustained expansion of cutting-edge R & D investment to take full advantage of the development opportunities of the Ii: 22-24 years of corporate R & D
\triangleright 3. Fertilde 3.30394.sz) Tri-quarter 2023
Q: q3 performance exceeded expectations, high-speed demand for products evolved in a clear direction. In the project, the high-density multichannel array for the application of cpo was achieved.
Small batches, multi-channel & high-power light launcher packages applied to the external light source of cpo have also achieved small batches. 4. Fibre communication (300394.sz) semi-annual 2023: i demand-driven high-speed product release, q2 rating
Investment proposals: As the lead provider of the country’s overall solution for optical devices and advanced optical encapsulations Manufacturing service providers, based on the advantages of multi-technology platforms, the strength of source-based and non-sourced business technologies and synergies are evident. The demand for high-speed light modules is now pushing the demand to accelerate the release of high-speed light engines and high-speed light engines.
Twenty-three-year quarterly reviews: overall performance meets expectations, 800g \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.