The high performance of 2024 and the sustained growth of high-speed products are expected to yield 3.252 billion yuan (US$ 300394.sz) per year, an increase of 67.74 per cent, and a net return of 1.344 billion yuan.
Zhao Liang Bei’s demand continues to grow, and the speed of communication on the side of the twigs is increasing rapidly: as the world’s investment in humans and industrial intelligence continues to grow, the market for light modules continues to be hot, and companies act as the world’s leading light apparatus.
Producers, in the fields of light engines, lpo, cpo, and so on. Lightcounting predicts an average annual growth rate of more than 20 per cent per annum of the combined size of the light modules, lpo and cpo market for artificial intelligence clusters from 2024 to 2030, and a high growth rate of the light market as a whole will continue in 2025-2028.
In terms of industry demand, model training and reasoning show explosive growth in the demand for computing capabilities, driven by the rapid transformation of the centre. According to dell'oroggroup data, 20% of the Ethernet data centre switch ports will be connected to the accelerated server by 2027 to support the new artificial intelligent work load.
The generation ai application will drive further growth in the data centre switch market, which is expected to accumulate more than $100 billion over the next five years. We believe that as the gpu chip evolves, intercard/cyber communication rates are expected to increase further, from 400g/800g to 800g/1.6t or 3.2t.
This evolution has led to a boom in the lightware industry. Investment proposal: We believe that, as the global artificial intelligence sector continues to evolve, rising capital spending by domestic and foreign producers is expected to lead to a sustained and high growth in the light module industry chain, with companies acting as lightware pioneers.
It is expected that city occupancy will increase in the lightware, lpo, and future cpo areas in tandem with the quality of the harvest. 1. [Galactic communication] Skyfu communications (300394.sz): Plural innovation opens up new spaces, companies can continue to grow at a high rate.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.