Xu Engineering Mechanics: Internationalization + high-end continues to advance, increasing profitability, companies publish three-quarterly reports in 2024, companies publish three-quarterly reports in 2024, and business revenues of $68.726 billion were realized in the first three quarters of 2024, compared to the same year
Billion dollars, +11.85% of the year. In the third quarter of 2024, Xu was able to earn more and improve faster. In the third quarter of 2024, company profitability rose significantly, reaching 25.54% in the same quarter.
At the same time, the quality of the company’s operations is also improving at an accelerated pace, with net cash flows of 2,044 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 24.45% over the same period, showing good liquidity. The quality of public returns is also improving, operating efficiency is significantly improved, and the third quarter round of accounts receivable in the table is 2
On October 16, the company issued an announcement that it plans to issue a securitization project for a total of up to $20 billion in order to improve the asset-liability structure and improve the liquidity efficiency of its assets.
The internationalization landscape continues to improve and the product structure optimizes. Companies actively pursue their internationalization strategy. According to corporate public information, the internationalization of companies in the previous three quarters grew by about 9 per cent, while the expansion of overseas markets accelerated, raising their share to 46.66 per cent.
It was reported that corporate marketing networks cover more than 190 countries and regions around the world, and that overseas production and capacity distribution is gradually improving in countries like Brazil, Germany, Mexico, India, and Uzbekistan. In addition, companies are focusing on high-end product restructuring and results are visible, and growth has continued to increase.
Entering the fast-growing lanes with an income growth of 26.76 per cent over the year; new and dynamic products of “three grand” and special expertise, with notable results.1 Domestic industry demand is not as high as expected; 2) overseas markets are not expanding as expected; 3) receivables are being recovered
The use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information on the market, the absence of any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.