Xu Yu's three-quarterly review for 24 years, November 03, 2024.
Performance has been excellent and profitability has continued to improve. 24q1-3 companies have achieved revenues of $68,726 million, with a similar increase in the rate of Māori in high-growth plates such as excavators/miners/high machines, a rise in the share of high-quality large clients in Piti, a continued increase in overseas shares (up by 3 pct compared to 24h1), and a gradual increase in the impact of procurement.
□: Inland sales in the Lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn industry continue to warm, and the emerging market is expanding well overseas. (1) Intra-demand dimension: Rehabilitate soil machinery in the first three quarters of 24 years, with the increase in sales in the excavator in September + 2.5%, 1-9.
The month’s cumulative increase of +8.6% was driven by trends such as large-scale equipment upgrading, rural and plantation construction, and “machine replacement.” However, sales of land-based capital-related products, represented by engineering cranes and towers, continued to be weak, with cumulative sales increasing by -22% in January-September, respectively.
With the help of Pengxingjia_yj@chinastock.com.cn, we believe that the financial situation of the engineering and machinery terminals is expected to improve and domestic demand to continue to warm up (2).
Overseas: cumulative increase in excavator exports in September - 9 per cent, mainly due to a slippage in the overall demand of the overseas market, aem and the Chinese Association of Excavators, which are projected to require 387,000 excavators abroad for 24 years (excluding China), down 19.4 per cent from the same year, although the overall decline abroad has been positive, it is now represented by South America, Africa and India.
Cost-control efficiency continues to improve, and cash flows are robust: 24q3 companies’ sales/management costs/3 net operating cash flows reach $2,044 million, an increase of $400 million over the same period of 23 years, and operating cash flows account for 400 million.
Net profit ratio +0.04 over the same period of 23 years. 469.47 billion in receivables/long-term receivables, 24q1-3 respectively, profit projection and investment recommendation: Digger data show a sustained improvement in the margins of internal sales, large capital, farm construction, relative depth 300
External demand has fallen, but there is still considerable room for rising Chinese-owned markets. Corporate growth abroad has gone well, with a “one-size-fits-all” strategic layout 1.
Research series (Engineer) _ Regional Performance Differentiation, Host Plants Entering Industry Fast Track 2. [Galactic Machinery] Industry Monthly Bulletin _ Mechanical Industries _ In September Diggers
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.