Xu's performance in the first three quarters of 2024, published on 30 October: q1-
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn yousw@cfsc.com.cn  Engineering and Mechanical Industry will be on the move and the company will be expected to lead
Since the beginning of 2024, with the start of the trillion-dollar national debt-receiving project, market demand has gradually stabilized, and large-scale equipment upgrading policies have accelerated the phase-out of old equipment, triggering demand for some new equipment, 1-2024.
In September, 74,000 domestic excavators were sold, i.e. +8.62 per cent of the same year, and the entire excavator showed a current trend of heating back to the bottom. In September 2024, the main engineering machine started work on an average of 90 hours per month, with an increase of 3.99 per cent in the ring, with 82.6 hours in the excavator.
The turning point for engineering machinery will come, and the company, with its strong R & D capacity, rich product lines and extensive market coverage, will be in the vanguard of both the domestic and the international engineering and machinery industries, and the company is expected to benefit fully as a leading business within the industry.
▪ The ratio of overseas revenue to emerging business income is expected to boost the profits and profits of companies in the overseas market, while the ratio of overseas revenue continues to rise, as of 2024.1 Xu's Mechanics (000425): Overseas receipts
The ratio of income to the foreign sector is 44.13 per cent (year-on-year +3.38pct). The ratio of income to the overseas sector has increased and profitability has increased steadily +2.53pt. With Brazil, Germany, Mexico, India, Uzbekistan
In addition, companies are actively looking for a second-growth curve to open up high-altitude platforms with high-morigin plates.
Mine machinery, etc., 24h1 high-altitude machine, mining machine Māori rate, 31.25% and 24.11% respectively. The increase in the share of revenues from two new businesses is due to good cost control and continued improvement in operating cash flow
Net sales interest rate of 8.31 per cent (year-on-year +1.95 pct), with higher growth and continued increase in the profitability of the company; with respect to cost rates, net transactional cash flows for the period q3 in 2024 amounted to $2,044 million (year-on-year +24.45 per cent) and operating cash flows
International trade risks: Increased risks from competition in industry: risks from price volatility of major raw materials; risks from overseas operations; risk from concentration of customers; risk from exchange rate fluctuations.
Maozheng: Master of Materials, University of Khuntan, five years of experience in commodity securities investment. Luzhoyang: Master of Arts, National University of Australia, four years of experience in Fangzheng securities. Ho Chunyu: Master of Arts, August 2023, joined the Chinese securities.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.