\triangleright October 31, 2024
In addition, large-scale equipment upgrading has accelerated the phase-out of old “country one” “country two” equipment, stimulating some of the newer demand, and the overall inside-drawling of the excavator has shown a downward trend. Sales in the excavator have been positive for months and years, with 74,000 excavators in 24m1-m9.
With the use of funds such as special-purpose debt, super-long-term national debt, and the start of construction in three or four quarters, engineering and machinery are now expected to move up the ground. In the long run, the country’s proposed “two-step” strategy is still the beginning of the second strategic step, and there is still much room for growth in the engineering and machinery sector.
High-end products increase their share of the product and are expected to be profitable. High-end products are the main thrust of structural adjustment. \triangleright is the path away from traditional spreads, several sets, low price info and shaping differentiated competitiveness. 24h1.
1. Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425.sz) reported in mid-2024 that: (a) the company ' s new energy products are entering the fast-growing lane with the same income as the company ' s structural adjustment of 2024 products, resulting in a sustained improvement in the quality of its operations.
This represents an increase of 26.76 per cent, the company's revenue from new energy loaders nearly double that of the same year, accounting for 23.3 per cent of total revenue, a rebound in time, and a steady increase in revenue from overseas & new products contribution to the top 20 sales; 2) the company's “three big” and specialized new products are on track, with the big power mines levelling off.
Lander revenue increased by 6 percentage points compared to last year's full year, miner revenue by more than 100 t increased by 12.8 percentage points compared to last year's, and excavator revenue from products in the U.S. and U.S. high-end markets increased compared to last year's.
The quality of the company’s operations continues to improve. The company has always maintained its mastership by insisting on “high quality, risk management, world \triangleright breakthroughs, increased profitability - 2023/08/31”
At the end of the business cash flow of 24q1-q3 companies, corporate receivables (receivables + receivables + receivables + other receivables + non-current assets over a one-year period) decreased by $2,546 million in relation to the second quarter.
Investment proposals: taking into account the downward trend in the domestic engineering and machinery market, firm market position is strong, \triangleright risks; overseas engineering and machinery market demand downside risks; mine business is not developing as much as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.