The acquisition of the Quan Pharmacy Group and the co-operation to create synergies The event: China Yun Sanix (hereinafter the company) released a major asset purchase plan to pay in cash
The company will hold 28% of the company’s shares, and the company will be a controlled subsidiary of China-Yun-Yun.
Details of the incident: On 6 May 2022, the Chinese Medicines Group and its co-actions signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with the Chinese Medical Group No.
The group transferred the combined shares of the Quan Pharmacy Group, 212,311.616 (28% of the total shares issued by the Quan Pharmacy Group) to Luang-Yu-Chung, with a total transfer price of RM2,902 million, corresponding to the RMB 13.67 per share.
The Quan Pharmacy Group shares of 208,976,160 were transferred to Quan Pharmacy Group, which accounted for 27.56 per cent of the total shares issued by Quan Pharmacy Group; and the Quin Pharmacy Group shares of Quintage Group 3,335,456 were transferred to Quin Pharmacy Group shares, which accounted for 0.44 per cent of the total shares issued by Quan Pharmacy Group.
On the one hand, it is in the interest of both sides to create synergies in the field of medicine’s health.
Thirty-seven resources to develop the industrial system and promote co-development; on the other hand, Huo-Yun-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu will be able to empower the company, drawing on its rich business management experience and industry resources, and can explore the creation of "Kun-chung 1381" and "Kun-chung-chung-chung" based on his good brand performance.
For the best of the country’s drug medals, which will carry more historically deposited products, and contribute to the high-quality development of the Chinese medicine industry chain, which is represented by 37%, and to the creation of a 37% industry chain leader. The long-term development of China’s 39chc business continues to be appreciated.
Business yields $9.276 billion (+17.72%). According to company announcements, the logic behind the failure of Chc’s business to grow is: 1) to seize opportunities for industry change, to integrate high-quality industry resources, and to create synergies in brands with market potential, such as the Kun Pharmacy Group. 2)
Do. Companies have continued to deploy new channels over the past few years through product restructuring and professional teams to adapt to future business trends, and the share of online sales has increased rapidly in recent years. 3) Brand enhancement, which is a central element of business development. Companies will be further broken down under brands.
Classes, to meet patients' health management needs throughout the process of disease diagnosis, and to continuously introduce new products (e.g., dragon horns and antiviral oral fluids, etc.) to enrich the product lines.
The growth logic of the \triangleright period, the proposed acquisition of the Quan Pharmacy Group, is conducive to mutual collaboration in the field of medical health.
The risk factors are: the impact of the epidemic, the risk of clustering of products, the increased risk of competition in the industry, and the price of raw materials.
\triangleright \Tirangleright, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport University, worked in clinical coro in ppcca and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was in charge of cxo industry studies.
In December, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, responsible for research on scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine, and in April 2022 he joined the Sinda Portfolio, responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry.
In 2022, I joined the CSV, which is responsible for research on the pharmaceutical consumption and raw materials industry. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.