Medical Health Research Center Higher-than-expected profit growth, two-wheel-drive high-quality corporate development Corporate fundamentals (RMB)
The net profit is 839 million yuan (+30.5%) and the net profit is 797 million yuan (+28%) not attributable to the mother. The increase in profit is higher than expected, and the transition is driven by a “quantitative plus” double increase. The company has developed a business system centred on self-diagnosis (i.e., chc) and prescription medicine.
On the other hand, the development of specialized + formulation particles, which drive the prescription pharmaceutical industry, is expected to increase further with the co-generation of new and old products of specialized wiring and the gradual liberalization of the formulation particle industry.
The marketing cost rate has been reduced and profitability has been increasing. The Māori rate has been 55% in the past quarter, compared to the same rate.
The company’s sales costs are expected to remain in place as the company’s brand power becomes more visible and its role as role models emerge, thereby optimizing the company’s performance of 999 brand values, leading to an increase in the volume of Chc products. The company will rely on 999 products in the future.
The power of cards will expand the advantages of the whole field: on the one hand, the company will continuously refine the product categories, develop a clear product orientation and meet the patient's health management needs throughout the process of disease diagnosis; on the other hand, it will continuously introduce products, enrich product lines, and push through product restructuring and professional teams.
China Yu will continue to benefit from Chinese drug development, with business income projected for 2022-2024 being the risk of clustering of products; increased risk of competition; under-promotion of products; and price limits on health-care products.
Risk; risk of change in brand value; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of impairment of goodwill.