Controlled net profits are growing fast, looking at the head of the Chc business event: China Yun 39 issued a first-quarter report in 2022, 2022q1 achieved operating income of $4,194 million, and the net profit is increasing or slowing at the same rate. 2022q1 yuan
The Division achieved operating income of $4,194 million (+281 per cent), net return to the mother of $839 million (+30.45 per cent), and net profit grew rapidly over the same period. At the end of the income, according to corporate announcements, the particle business is expected to grow at an uncertain rate this year due to the transition of the old and new country labels.
With a slight decrease, the pace of progress on the short mark and the national bid, the wide variation in provincial policies, the company ' s approach to the response, and the company ' s expectation that price adjustments and sales trends will become clearer in the second quarter, the business will continue to grow well in the coming year. In addition, the epidemic will affect parts of the company in the first quarter.
The sales of prescription drugs and cold drugs, and on-line sales, have had varying degrees of impact, but have not had a significant impact overall. Looking forward, the net cash flow of companies has increased significantly throughout the year as the company’s formulation operations adapt to the new national tender and the cost of chc sales has decreased.
The Māori rate of 2022q1 was 55.06 per cent, a decrease of 4.40 pct over the same period; the net interest rate was 20.16 per cent, and 9.96 pct. According to the company, the change in the cost rate was due to: 1) the impact of the business structure, prescriptions, sales of medicines were increasing at a slower rate than Chc and some products were affected by clustering, in addition to prescription drugs.
The rising self-employment ratio is also expected to result in lower cost rates; (2) the kernels in the Chc business have improved efficiency in marketing costs as revenue has grown. Companies have been active in controlling fees over the past few years, and are expected to experience a small decline in the stable cost of sales across operations.
There was a significant increase in the same ratio, with net cash flows of 2022q1 operating activities amounting to $459 million (+64.73%). Corporate profitability has improved overall. Chc has a long-term growth logic and looks good for long-term development.
The \triangleright consumer business achieved operating income of $9.276 billion (+17.72%). According to company announcements, the logic for the future growth of the Chc business is: 1) strengthening the brand, which is a central element of business development.
Under the brand, the company will further break down the product categories to meet the patient's health management needs throughout the process of disease diagnosis, and will continue to introduce new products (e.g. longhorning and antiviral oral fluids, etc.) and a rich product line.
The share of online sales has risen rapidly over the years, and through product restructuring and professional teams, Sinda Securities Inc. has been built to adapt to future business trends on the front line. (3) Taking advantage of opportunities for industry change and hoping to achieve industry excellence.
We're looking forward to its long-term development.
Profit forecasting: company is a rare domestic platform brand otc with brand advantages and continuous brand enhancement, Chc has a long-term growth logic and the country's bid switch formulation particle business
A quarter has been temporarily affected, with the long-term potential of the formulae particle industry to increase prices, and companies to have an industrial chain advantage for the older six. Companies have increased their profitability, with lower sales costs associated with a rapid increase in net profits for the first quarter. We expect their operating income to be 2022-2024.
Risk factors: Impact of the epidemic, risk of product collection, increased risk from competition in the industry, price of raw materials \triangleright Lee Yutchen, team member, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindash securities and was responsible for the research of the medical equipment plate, a team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, who worked in the clinical field at the ppcjessen and Parexel University.
In December, Cro joined the Coxo industry study, in 2021, and in December, he joined the Cadastre industry, in charge of scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine research, and in April 2022 he joined the Cadastre industry, in charge of medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate research.
General Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. He worked as a research worker at the Minya Foundation, and joined the Sinda Securities in 2022 to study the pharmaceutical consumption and raw materials industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.