Quan Pharmacy, Conservative Resource Synergy for Long-term Development
Incidents: Sun-Kuk Hua intended to purchase the shares of the Quint drug group 208,976,160 in cash from the Chinese medicine group (27.56 per cent of the total shares issued by the Quintino group) and the Quint-Pharma group 3,335,456 in cash from the Chinese medicine group.
After the transaction is completed, the listed company will hold 212,311,616 shares (28% of the total shares issued by the company), and the company will become a controlled subsidiary of China Yun San.
The product lines and channel resources complement each other: 1) otc product lines complement each other: 3xotc operations cover flu, gastrointestinal, skin, liver, pediatrics, orthotics, gynaecology, etc., and are active.
The Great Health Group's core plant resources, such as 37 and artemisinins, drive the n+n product strategy with kpc and Yunkun as entry points, extending from effective skin protection, oral care to female nursing, healthy food, etc.
The acquisition enriched the production matrix in the area of otc, such as corporate health; 2) channel end-of-life complementarities: Xu Yuu and Qun Pharmacy are focused on subline power, online marketing strategies, Quin Pharmacy Group has set up 16 self-employed stores, such as the Sky Cat Flag Shop, the Treasure Enterprise Shop, and embraces the Internet.
And new media channels; online outreach to drug stores, 100-Power chains, mother and child shops, etc., with a high rate of profit per season, cost structures are further optimized.
The Chinese drug otc leads, embraces trends, changes for new life, strategic collaborations with the All-beneficent community, covering about 30,000 endpoints. The Quan Pharmacy Group's addition will strengthen the value of the new industry chain of the company Internet+Medics, while at the same time improving the quality of resources below the line.
In the area of rehabilitation of slow diseases: in the context of the work of the thirty-seven series of industries to build industrial chains, there is a similar pattern of product lines in the field of cardiovascular and slow-disease treatment between Hua Yunji and the Kun Pharmacy Group.
The blood clot series is the first drug to be marketed in cardiovascular diseases, with the core product HC toon soft capsule producers only having China Yu and Kun Pharmacy Group, with a combined retail sales of 609 million yuan in 2021, achieving a high rate of increase of 33.93 per cent.)
Seven resources to develop the industrial system and promote co-development. As a matter of cerebral cerebrovascular chemistry, the cooperative promotion of the three or seven series of products will improve the layout of the company ' s cardiovascular cerebrovascular field. In 2021, a series of 3 or 37 new products were marketed, and with the acquisition of the Kuen Pharmacy Group, the company's thirty seven products were purchased.
In the area of gastrointestinals, the Quintine medicine focuses on the yellow and the gold.
The growth is strong, such as the growth of the golden flower digestive pill, the saliva pill (the main retail track), and the construction of the gastrointestinal matrix of the 39-year series of “39 stomachs and tycoons”, the gastric pain particles (single), the gastric condensation of the stomach and the gastric condensation of the stomach, etc.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company is a leading company in otc, and the prescription drug business includes the brand advantage of the China Pharmacy Division, the expansion of the network of end channels, the innovation of products and the integration of risks with mergers and acquisitions of high-quality resources, and the volatility of raw material prices.
One product and channel resources work together to strengthen brand advantage, and the otc lines of health and other products complement each other. The Quan Health Group has a core plant resource around the Q37, artemisinin, etc., using kpc, Yunkun, etc., as entry points, to speed up the full-entry layout of the product, and to push forward the n+n product strategy, which is already under way.
On the basis of products and types of products, new N-type products are constantly being developed, extending from efficiency care, oral care to female-friendly, healthy foods, etc. Plants that meet the consumer demand of “better and healthier” are a combination of high-health products.
Complementing the consumer-sanctioned brands of drugs such as Sky, Sunchang, Good dolls, easy recovery, Conct, Aono, etc., the otc business covers cold, gastrointestinal, skin, liver urinary, pediatric, orthotics, gynaecology, etc., and actively extends to health management, rehabilitation and slow-disease management products.
In 2021, the Quan Pharmacy Group set up 16 self-employed shops, such as the Cataloguing Shop, the Treasure Enterprise Shop, the Colosseum Shop, the Fast Hand Shop and Microtown, to embrace the Internet and the new media channels; the Quan Pharmacy Group actively expanded the Pharmacy Shop, the Hundred Chains, and so forth.
For example, the Mother and Child Shops have established long-term cooperation with the 100% drug chain, the general population, the Grand Duchy, and with local leaders, the Fotts, the Tseng Hall, and the All-in-Hyun strategy, which covers some 30,000 of the endpoints. The new b2c retail distribution channel of the China-Yun 39 is working with large platform companies such as the Great Pharmacy in Beijing, the Great Healthy Pharmacy in Ali.
(a) The ongoing construction of brand advantages in mainstream electric power platforms for coughing, pediatrics, liver urchins, vitamins, etc.; the Boeing o2o platform, which works well with platforms such as the United States Corps, hungry, etc.; and the traditional pharmacies' clients' co-development of offline enabling systems: the people, the rich, the single-minded, the large-scale forest, the Neptune, etc. are close corporate clients;
Internet medicine, for example, through strategic collaboration with safe doctors and others, will build a new industry value chain for “Internet+Medical+Pharma”, explore professional brand marketing models, suburban access to 39 trades, digitalization, etc. The company's new value chain for “Internet+Doctor+Pharma” will be enhanced by the company's participation, along with high-quality online resources.
In the area of rehabilitation of the slow diseases: in collaboration with the San-Sept Industries, a national drug plate has been created, the two have similar product line layouts in the field of cardiovascular and slow-disease treatment, and the acquisition has led to strong union. The Quan Pharmacy Group makes full use of the multi-agent, multi-species, multi-model marketing of Quantium blood-tone oral products.
The system, which focuses on the new market for the important slowness of “drink control” around the “Thai+” model, continues to build a centrifugal prevention management biosphere, with cerebrovascular masculinity management at its core, with Quint Blood plugged into a professional brand in the field of stroke control. The blood plug-in-to-ton series is the first to be marketed in cardiovascular disease, with the core product, the blood-to-to-mass microcapsule.
In 2021, the producers were only Luang San and Kun Pharmacy Group, with a combined retail sales value of $609 million, or 33.93 per cent, to develop the industrial system around the resources of 37 countries and promote co-development. On the demand side, the annual demand for 37 was about 2 to 25 million tons, the country had more than 450 medium- herbs of 37-based medicines, and there were more than 1,300 pharmaceutical companies;
On the supply side, Yunnan is the main producer of the country’s 37th region. In 2020, 37 million acres were grown in Yunnan province, accounting for more than 98% of the country’s cultivation, producing 359,000 tons annually. As an important upstream industry in the field of cardiovascular medicine, three or seven series of products will be promoted to improve the organization of the company’s cardiovascular area.
Yunnan Province’s San-Sept Industrial Development Plan, which aims to transform the Kundang Group into a San-Septian Company, and to promote the modernization and industrialization of Chinese medicine around its core plant resources, such as its thirty-seven and artemisinin-based products. In 2021, China’s thirty-nine and thirty-seven series of new products were placed on the market, and with the acquisition of the Kundish Group, the company’s 37-Seven industries will continue to expand.
Figure 1: Distribution of Chinese medicine for cardiovascular diseases in 2019 compared to the top five
In the area of gastrointestinals, the Quintino medicine focuses on the gold monolith. In 2021, the Quantium spleen was re-entered into a drug product of the Chinese city ' s real-estate drug-condication system, with a total sales of $26,55274,000, an increase of 50.14% over the same year. The sulphate continued to open up the yard and the out-of-the-horizon market space with solid academic strength, which was achieved in 2021.
Sales of $18,29,404, representing an increase of 27.62% in the same year. As the main drug, the spleen is unique, and the spleen is complemented by the in- and out-of-the-horizon strength of the stomach particles in the digestive product matrix, which in 2021 resulted in sales of $13,347.26, representing an increase of 39.75% in the same year.
The speed of the increase is adding fresh strength to the classic Quint medicine product camp. In the Chinese gastrointestinal layout, the varieties were upgraded through extended acquisitions, and the river was purchased on the original core exclusive species of the “39 gastric tycoons” series, with three doses of gastroenteral pain particles (single), the fat deer's stomach supple and the warm stomach supple particles.
The company’s gastrointestinal drug matrix is reinforced by the addition of lines. Market competition exacerbates risks, collects down-price risks, less advanced R & D than expected, M & A integration risks, raw materials