tclTechnology (000100) Electronics show bottom-up restoration performance, windy-high-winding profits, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
Summary of performance: company annual report for 2022 and first quarter report for 2023: in 2022, company real operating income was $16.630 billion, i.e. + 1.7 per cent of the year; mother ' s net profit was $260 million, i.e. 9.74 per cent of the year; non-mother ' s net profit was deducted - $9.44 billion, i.e. 128.6 per cent of the year, and company ' s operating income was realized during the first quarter of 2023q1
Revenues and profits are affected by the downside of the industry, and corporate R & D costs continue to grow at a high rate. 1) At the receiving end: In 2022, the corporate semiconductor monitors/new energy photovoltaics and semiconductor materials/electronics distribution, respectively, generated $151.2,176.2 million in semiconductor monitors/new energy photovoltaics and semiconductor materials, respectively.
In 2022, the company consolidated its tv market position with a high-end product strategy in a large-scale area and made significant efforts to develop commercial displays; it was positioned to start production in Guangzhou ahead of schedule at the production line of the product t9.
The Hang6ltps extension project is moving forward in an orderly manner. Looking ahead, in 2023, the company, as a leader in large-scale displays, anticipates that it will benefit fully from the recovery of the tv panel and improve its performance; in small and medium-sized size, the company has implemented a differentiated and high-end strategy, with 23q1ltps mobile panels rising to the top two globally, as well as soft-led and brand manufacturers.
Semiconductor photovoltaic operations are expected to continue to benefit from the industry’s high profile. In 2022, large silicon silicon silicons will still need to flourish, with companies achieving a similar rise of 63.0% in their photovoltaic operations and a 59.5% increase in their net profits.
The Tianjin and Eui-Xing chip projects have continued to grow, yielding more rapidly, and the tcl mitochrome crystal production has risen to 140gw, making it the world’s largest silicon silicon producer. Jiangsu and Tianjin’s high-efficiency superstitious component intelligent manufacturing project has been produced, and the market share has steadily increased through depth.
The tcl accelerates the global business layout by synergizing with maxeon in supply chains, production, and channels. It is expected that the future landscape of the company’s luminous business will continue to generate income and profit gains for the company.
The income and profit elasticity of the grid restoration, the company ' s dual-track layout and the profit-driven start of the photovoltaic business show that the industry cycle is at the bottom of expectations of repair performance, and that +PV dual-wheel drive tcl technology was established in 1981 and marketed on the deep-seated main board in 2004 (code 000100.sz).
Electrical appliances, liquid crystal panels, operations covering financial services, Internet applications, marketing and logistics services, investment and innovation.Tcl science and technology is currently concentrated mainly on semiconductor research and development, production and marketing of products and materials, and industrial finance, investment and innovation.
For the core development of the business, out of its former terminal and ancillary operations, it is committed to becoming a global leader in science and technology and to changing the name of the division to “tcl.”. The corporate sector has also been restructured from the former semiconductor displays and materials operations, industrial finance and investment operations, and the three modules of the emerging business groups into semiconductor displays, semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor materials, and industrial finance.
In 2022, the global political situation changed dramatically, the war in Russia and Ukraine broke out, inflationary pressures increased, market demand subsided, the trade environment deteriorated, and economic growth slowed down considerably. Companies also faced enormous challenges, but companies had established competitive advantages in the field of new energy glimmers, as shown by the fact that global energy structure transformation and the technology industry's strong chains would be captured.
Figure 1: Corporate ownership The company’s equity structure does not contain controlling shareholders and actual controllers. Mr. Li Dongsheng is the company’s founder and current director.
6.79% of the total shareholdings. In order to motivate employees, bind employees and corporate interests, and contribute to the long-term development of companies, the company continues to push out its employee holding scheme. In 2022, the company ' s effective employee holding scheme included the third global partnership plan, the 2021-2023 employee holding plan (first phase), the 2021-2023 employee holding plan (second phase), which provides incentives for staff, respectively.
The company's main business consists mainly of semiconductor monitors, new energy photovoltaic and semiconductor materials, distribution of electronics, based on the collection structure, in 2022, company semiconductor monitors/new energy photovoltaic and semiconductor materials/electronics fractions/others with a ratio of 657.2.670.1/3185/19.8 billion, respectively, to offset the revenue achieved.
The new energy photovoltaic and semiconductor materials operations generated revenues of $151.2,17,662 million, respectively, corresponding to the ratio of 24.5 per cent/+31.8 per cent, the ring ratio + 11.0 per cent/+2.6 per cent, and the corporate semiconductor showed that the industry had been down since mid-2021 and was affected by the weakening of the economy as a whole, which had been hovering at the bottom of history for a long time, with the larger focus on balance of supply and demand and industrial profit repairs at the head of the enterprise.
In 2023, as the economy and demand are expected to improve, the industry is expected to warm up, and the industry’s 23q1 semiconductor-demonstration loops react to the industry’s supply-and-demand trends, and the mainstream panel prices are rising steadily. The company’s semiconductor will show the impact on the company.
Driven by the 9225 strategy, business, product and customer structural optimization will continue, and the competitiveness of tcl-Star operations and product combinations will increase significantly with the high-value medium-sized display of panel sizes on the t9 production line of the main product and the high-end medium-sized and small-sized display of panels on the ltps6 extension line of the main product.
The relative competitive advantage of this is expected to be a double contribution to corporate business development with semiconductors. The Māori share of semiconductor monitors/new energy photovoltaic and semiconductor materials/electronics distributions is about 3.9 per cent, %81.6 per cent, and the Māori ratio is 0.9 per 17.8 per cent, per cent, respectively.
–23.7 pp/-3.9 pp/+0.4 pp. The Māori rate for the company’s semiconductor displayer business has declined considerably over the same period, mainly because of the downside effect of the global economy, the drop in end demand and the sharpest drop in the price of the large tvlcd panel, which led to continued growth, and the company’s completion of major asset restructuring in April 2019, so business income in 2019 included reorganization.
The asset performance in January-March, while the annual report 2018 contained year-round data on restructured assets, led to a decline in total operating income in 2019. Both issues showed a real increase of 18.7 per cent in business income on a probative caliber basis.
As a result of the sharp decline in global end demand, corporate profitability has been affected to some extent, but research and development inputs have remained strong. -11.1 pp/-8.1pp, with the Māori score for semiconductor monitors/new energy photovoltaic and semiconductor materials/electronics distribution.
The decrease in R & D costs is due mainly to the capitalization of some R & D inputs, which amounted to R & D investment of R & D — 5.09 billion yuan, or 6.9 per cent of total revenues — but the absolute value of R & D costs increased by 19.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis by 2023q1, which was strongly influenced by macro-related factors in 2022, after a sustained improvement in net operating cash flows and a net increase over stability 1)
Operating cash flows: Net cash flows from corporate operations continued to improve in 2018-2021, while in 2022, while the macro-environment had a significant impact on company operations, net operating cash flows from companies accounted for $18.43 billion and continued to ensure sound operations. (ii) Assumption 1: tv panel prices, a pre-positioning indicator for the panel industry, increased continuously since the end of February 2023, marked by a sign
The panel industry has seen the end of the cycle. Large-sized tv panel prices have been first repaired and larger. Since the end of February, the 55/65 inch tv panel prices have increased by 20/26 per cent and are expected to return to cash in or around May-June.
The company’s large-scale (tv & shopper) revenue ratio is over 60%, and the expected earnings and profits are expected to benefit effectively from the industry’s rehabilitation, and the price recovery is expected to be 23q2 times in the statement. The company’s t9-line production will also raise the company’s market share in the high-end IT area. We expect the company’s semiconductor unit operations to be delivered separately in 2023-2025.
Assumption 2: the company acquired the center-ring shares of the photovoltaic silicone in 2020, and as the new global energy industry enters a high-speed process with carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and policy targets, we expect the landscape of the photovoltaic industry to continue; as the production capacity of the company's six-phased projects rises, the penetration rate of Tianjin and the impeccable chip projects is expected to rise further.
The company ' s new energy photovoltaic and semiconductor materials operations are expected to be +40 per cent/+30 per cent/+20 per cent, respectively, and the Māori rate is stable 1) consumption demand recovery is not as expected; 2) competition patterns are not optimized as expected;
3) The risks of expansion of production capacity are not as high as expected, and Noone will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.