The performance of the North Chinese company, 002371, is in line with expectations, with a focus on the three-to-five-point development - the North Chinese company, 002371.sz.
Because of the high demand from downstream customers throughout the year for electronic process equipment and electronic components operations, the bonus period for national semiconductor equipment, technology plus profit-making double-traces, according to Semi data, the global sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment in 2020 amounted to $68.9 billion, compared to the same amount.
In 2020, semiconductor equipment was sold at $18.1 billion, in 2021 and 2022 at $16.8 billion and $15.6 billion. Nationally produced semiconductor equipment enterprises are at a technological + profit two-way corner: 1) from the initial “0-1” breakthrough to the follow-up “1-n” optimised switch; 2) manufactured from the early crystal circle.
Businesses are not willing to take the risk that the performance of active partnerships and equipment companies will continue to improve. Three years to watch the pace of nationalization and the dividends of continental construction, and five years to see the growth of corporate platforms - North China.
In 2020, the company achieved a breakthrough of 1,000 cavities in the delivery of icp etching machines, a breakthrough of 100 units in the supply of stand-alone stoves, and a proliferation of new products, marking the gradual release of the company’s semiconductor equipment.
The U.S. dollar Securities Corporation's Study – The North Chinese Revolution (002371); and the extension of each device to the group of producers is a platform. We believe that the three-year period of corporate development has met expectations, and that the confluence of integrated semiconductor equipment is expected to lead to a run-off.
After the peak of 2020.10.27, the new production-line construction points focused on the evolution of the platform, the number of product lines and technological overlaps over a five-year period.
The domestication of parts and components is the evolution of the equipment, and the synergy in the layout of the equipment plus parts highlights the company's integrated semiconductor equipment, the backbone of the parts and components, the semiconductor equipment covering various processes such as etching, film, thermal treatment, cleaning, and the prospect of continued high-shoring below lithium and photovoltaic equipment.
The national production of the equipment is an autonomous control of the core parts, the semiconductor parts, and the market space for the various components of the semiconductor equipment is about $6 billion, and the rate of domestication of the key components is currently extremely low.
In addition to enhancing synergies with equipment operations, spare parts self-sufficiency can improve the supply chain’s resilience to risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on portfolio investment, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.