Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
The year 2020 was over-expected, with semiconductor equipment on the rise, company fundamentals, RMB 1.
3th Quarterly Review of North China, 2020.10.27 2. Middle Reported 43% Performance Growth, Semiconductor Equipment Should Be A Continuous Break-through - North China Creation Review, 2020.8.31
3. "Don't be afraid of the epidemic, the semiconductor's equipment is growing at a high rate, the equipment industry is going up, the rate of national production is rising and the firm's orders are moving up. As of the end of the third quarter, the contractual liability q3 billion won, an increase of 61 per cent, and the inventory of $4.7 billion, an increase of the same year.
According to the latest Semi projections, global sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment grew by 16% to a new record of $68.9 billion in 2020, with mainland China accounting for $18.1 billion of the dollar. But domestic crystal millers were actively expanding, and continental 12-inch crystal mills were expected to expand more in 2021.
In the case of the Yangtze storage, the national production rate of its production pads began to be tendered from the remaining 25k/month period and from the second stage of production capacity, and the equipment company is expected to open up to the opportunity of plate size. The company’s ic equipment, photovoltaics, and third-generation semiconductor equipment are expected to grow at a high rate, with the product market holding.
In 2020, equipment such as company ic etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, scrubbers, stand-up furnaces, exterior furnaces, etc. achieved milestones in the certification of advanced processes, and new process applications of mature processes subsequently entered through customer certification; products such as optical monocrystals, adamant diffusion furnaces, pecvd, etc.
A fast growth driven by downstream light-voltage demand: sic long-crystal furnaces, etching machines, pvd, pecvd, etc., start a bulk supply market for third-generation semiconductor equipment. In December 2020, North China completed the delivery of icp etching 1,000 cavities, and in October it completed the delivery of 100 units.
The extent of the restrictions, the proportion of processes and imported quantities certified on the production line by semiconductor state-owned equipment is increasing, and the share of corporate silicon base etchings, pvd, heat treatment equipment is increasing year by year. Given the continued performance of the semiconductor industry in 2021, and the company’s promise of sustained political gains as a domestic leader,
Subsidy, with a net return to the mother of 5.2/7.3/10.4 billion yuan, compared to the increase in the previous year, orders were not recognized as having met expectations, downstream expansions and productivity climbs, and the risk of increased trade between the United States and the United States.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment