5g, car electric vents, pcb taps, new opportunities.
The company focuses on communications and automobile applications, with more than 90 per cent of the revenue coming from communications and automobile applications, and a guest house covering mainstream stations and core network builders such as China, Central Hing, Northey and the direct construction of 5g.
Beneficiary beneficiaries. The company's production process know-how, which has been the flagship in the area of communications and vehicle application pcb breakdown, has been under way for many years in large sizes, high thickness, high layers, high frequency signal processing pcb. The number of new base stations will reach 8-9 million and the number of infrastructure investments in 5g, etc.
The pcb chain of the telecommunications application pcb boards is about to rise. Automobile electricization, intelligence, and networking are big industrial trends. Three trends directly drive car electronics.
Circulation b/h (millions of shares) Cost increases are expected to reach more than 50 per cent of the electronic cost of cars in 2030. Under the trend towards car computerization, the use of pcb for one vehicle has grown rapidly, with smart rearview mirrors and no key
New applications like key locks, back-up images, adas, etc. require a lot of pcb boards. Car pcb boards are demanding in terms of vibration, stability, waterproof performance, and product certification cycles of more than three to four years. Industry barriers are deep.
The pcb core supplier is the core beneficiary species in the car electronicization process. Billions, $5,819 million, and $8,836 million, respectively, of net return profits, $233 million, $298 million, and opportunities presented by the exhibition, covering for the first time a “strongly recommended” rating for companies.
The East’s Sources of Finance and Excellence 1 Communication and Automobile Applications pcb Disaggregated Dragonhead 1.1 Deep Farm Communications, Automobile Applications for Years
The company’s main product is the pcb board and the car pcb board, where 65% of the revenue in 2016 came from the pcb board and 26% from the car board. The power share is focused on communications and automobile applications, and more than nine percent of the revenue comes from communications and automobile applications, which have accumulated over the years in large-scale, high-level, high-frequency signal processing.
The manufacturing process know-how is a leading enterprise in the area of communications and car application pcb breakdown.
Pcb technological developments are polarized according to the application area, consumer electronic applications are moving in a high-density and light-sized direction, communications industry applications are moving in a high-level, large-sized pcb, combined with high-frequency, high-density, and Eastern financial resources are flourishing.
Figure 3: Backpanel and Linecard, 22-story 22-layerbackpanel features of the communications base of the company's downstream applications - large size and high layer size
Aim for the picture. Layer number player 22layers.
Registration picture: hardness board thickness: bigsize&highlayer
♪ We've got a little bit of fun ♪ ♪ We've got a lot of work to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot of work to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot of work to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot of work to do ♪
The plate thickness is smaller than the arcartio minimum aperturemin.drillaperture pressure aperture and massphithdiameter
0.8+0.1/0mm surface coating surfacefinish chemical snimersiontin
1.2 Sustained investment in R & D, leading the way in the area of disaggregation. Firms based on high- and medium-end pcb industries, sustained investment in R & D and increased value added of products, creating competitive advantages in high product quality, shorter roll-over periods, lower costs. Companies are processing around high-frequency panels, blending technologies, lead-free technologies,
The company has successfully developed high-speed pcbs suitable for adas frequencies above 25 ghz, and has obtained the approval of large clients. The company is using a deep pool of technical capabilities in the 5g and smart car surges.
The source of financial growth in the East, the depths of the Eung Heung securities report, the power shares (002463): 5g, the car electric vents will be here, and the pcb will have a new opportunity.
The company ' s pcb portfolio has continued to rise, with a combination of good products of about 91% in the last two years, significantly higher than in 2013-2014. The company is a top- and middle-end pcb flagship, with a client covering both domestic and foreign front-line brands, with excellent customer resources.
We have built up front-line communications infrastructure firms, both domestic and international, including Chinese, Chinese, Nosi, fire, etc., automobiles, including mainland Germany, Jeppe, Siemens, and international auto supply chain enterprises, consumer electronics, including front-line brands such as Sharp, Japan, Honghai, etc.
East's financial and intellectual booms are about to rise, communications pcb demand explodes, and communication 4g has triggered a trillion-dollar wave of investment.
In 2013, the country entered a fast-building cycle of 4g, with three major operators, capex, rising from year to year. In 2016, investment in 4g network building slowed down. In 2013-2016, the three major operators invested a cumulative $1.35 trillion in capex, of which only wireless network facilities invested more than $700 billion.
During the 4g peak construction period, communications base station additions showed an explosive growth trend, maintaining a new source of easterly wealth and wisdom each year for 2014-2016.
The frequency range used by 5g is higher, electromagnetic wave transmission losses are greater, and the geographical coverage of individual base stations will be significantly reduced to the same level of coverage, with the number of new 5g base stations being 1.5-2 times that of 4g base stations. According to industrial chain research, the number of new 5g base stations is expected to reach 8-9 million.
As a result of the use of higher frequency bands as a communications channel, there are more stringent requirements for the pcb high frequency performance of the network equipment. As a core supplier for Hwa, Naking, Nosi, there is a deep accumulation of high frequency pcb boards, one of the top beneficiaries of the 5g construction pcb.
In the light of the trend towards electric and intellectual motorization in the East, the trend towards the growth of car use at pcb is clear, with a significant increase in the use of pcb.
The global market for pcb is $60 billion, of which cars have a market capacity of about $7 billion, or 11.6 per cent of the total.
The trend towards electricization, intelligence, and Internet connectivity of automobile products is clear in the future, with three major trends leading to a significant increase in the use of e-zero components. As the “mother of e-products”, the trend is to use the pcb industry to benefit from car digitization.
Figure 11: In automobile applications, new electronic system devices have significantly increased the use of pcb by 3.2 vehicles with an average of $55 per car pcb, with wide market space
According to pcb tap manufacturer tttm, the average use of pcb per car is $55, and by 2020 the average use of a single car pcb will be $65.
Figure 12: The value of pcb in a car, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Figure 13: The main applications of pcb in automobiles 3.3 Major driving force one: motor motorization, electric cars, penetration of adas are the two most important drivers of pcb growth.
The cell is divided into 16 batteries, each of which uses a bms circuit board for safe monitoring and charge management of the battery.
3.4 Main driving power two: Auto-adas has become more popular in the use of pcb, whether it's a medium- and low-end or a medium-end high-end vehicle, and the configuration of the auxiliary driving system has become a trend. Auxiliary driving systems are new in major manufacturers depending on the level of intelligentness of the system, which is divided between level1 and level5, level1 and level2
The vehicle's adas system is capable of detecting perception, processing and performing the functions of the three stages without the pcb board.
Figure 15: Automobile adas uses multiple sensors to form a stereo detector capability.
Rapid increase in radar sales. Figure 16: Automobile radar forecasts 4 profit projections and investment ratings
The company is a leading company in communications boards and pcb boards, with customers covering mainstream communications equipment manufacturers and car tier-1 suppliers, benefiting from the two main trends of the 5g construction boom and the spread of electric cars, and covering the first time the company has been given a “strength” to the company.
The construction period of 5g was delayed; the penetration rate of electric cars was not as high as expected; the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom; and the source of Eastern finance and wisdom.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing for the weekly research assistant, research assistant: He Mau Fei
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.