China Air Photovoltaic (002179.sz) Linked transactions have increased, defence demand has grown more than expected, q2 has grown slightly more than expected, and q2 has performed more innovatively. The company collected $8,811 million in 22h1 battalion.
The increase resulted from faster growth at the q2 income end and a sharp fall in the cost rate during the first half of the year.
The cost for the current period is 6.0 per cent, a decrease of 2.3 pct over the same period, and a decrease of 1.8 pcd over the same period, mainly due to higher exchange rate gains.
(b) Fluids, rodents, etc., with a lower base and the fastest growth rate of 491 million in the current period.
The total revenue is 6%. Sub-operations show that companies are developing and delivering priority safeguard-type projects in the area of defence: in the area of communications industry, in-depth promotion of customer structural and product restructuring, enhanced product layout and market opening in the area of industrial segmentation;
In the area of new energy automobiles, there is a steady increase in the share of priority car companies, a rise in the associated transactions in the new energy automobile industry, and a higher than expected increase in defence demand. 22h1 companies have a stockpile of $5.13 billion, production capacity is gradually released, and downstream demand expansion will be effectively supported.
Production capacity will be reduced further as the PV industrial base (phase 2) is re-established. In addition, the South industrial base project phase is expected to be completed by the end of 2022; and the Luoyang infrastructure estate will be completed by the end of the year.
The project is expected to be productive in 2024, and future downstream demand expansion will be effectively supported. Companies have a valuation advantage by reference to comparable corporate valuations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Qinghua University, 8 years old, Master of Business Administration, served as a member of the Chinese airline, joining Galaxy in 2015.