The strategic view of the copper plate and the purple gold mining, the strategic view of the copper plate and the purple gold mining, since May 2019, we have judged that “global economic and commodity prices may have rebounded since the end of 2019 or the first half of 2020”.
• 28 May, Colored Commodity Perspectives in a Multi-cycle Perspective (Fostering Forum Perspective) • Since 24 November, we have been issuing successive reports with a clear strategic view of the copper plate;
• 1 December, “Strategic look at the copper plate” — 2 December, “Medical gold” (601899.sh): Acquisition of continental gold, M & A abroad, followed by a city” — 8 December, “What is the impact on copper consumption of severe grid-controlled investment?”
▪ We have simply organized the main logic and viewpoints into the following ppt, which are discussed, inter alia: •1 What is the logic of the current strategic view of the copper plate2 and where is the value of the investment in the resource unit and the purple gold mining?
1. Global manufacturing rebound: global pmi bottom up: futures receipt price (electronic disk): lme 3 months copper: month: year-on-year
Global: Morgan Chase Global Consolidated Pmi  Morgan Chase Pmi data is largely consistent with copper price trends and global manufacturing rebounds
Global manufacturing rebound: oecd's leading indicator rebound  based on historical data from oecd's combined leading indicators, the average cycle has lasted approximately 40-42 months since 1962; 42 months since May 2016, the current round has seen the global economic resonance slow to its end
Now is the starting point for a recovery in global economic and commodity prices. Global manufacturing rebound. Global manufacturing rebound: a slowdown in pmi in the United States.
U.S.: Supply Management Association (ism): Manufacturing pmi futures receipt price (electronic disk): lme 3 months copper: month: higher correlation between the trend in U.S. manufacturing pmi and metal prices;
(b) Global manufacturing rebound: China’s pmi rebounded.
Future receipt price (active contract): cathode copper: month: year for year (active contract): cathode copper: month: year for year 2010
After 2010, China’s pmi was highly correlated with the trend in copper prices; China’s pmi search back, which helped to stabilize copper consumption and copper prices.
China Industrial Enterprises Remedial Repository: Actively moving from stock to stock Repository Futures Collecting Prices (active contract): Cobalt: Months: Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year of Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year (Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year, Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year, Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in World: Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year: Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in World: Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in World: Year in World: Year in World: Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in World: Cumulative in World: Cumulative in World: Cumulative in Business: Cumulative in World: Cumulative in World: Cumulative in Business: Cumulative in Business: Cumulative in Business: Cumulative in Business: Cumulative: Cumulative in Business: Cumulative in Business: Cumulative in World in World in World
2. China Industrial Enterprises Remedial Bank: The Cow Whip effect magnifies the rate of increase in stocks upstream of the Repository  higher than the rate of increase in stocks downstream and midstream (the Cow Whip effect)
Upstream de-storing at the inventory stage is more thorough, upstream replenishment at the replenishment stage is more active, inventory de-merit may shift to re-storage over the next six months, and replenishments are likely to exceed those in the lower-middle and lower-stream industries;
Remedial banks of industrial enterprises in China: industrial chain inventory at low levels Non-ferrous metal mining: stock of finished products: same-year non-ferrous metal mining: same-year inventory: same-year-old metal mining
Non-ferrous metal smelting and pressurizing industry: inventory of finished products: same-year non-ferrous metal smelting and pressurizing industry: inventory: same-year-old 3; recovery of Chinese real estate
China’s completion rate: New start of the construction of the property to completion Chart: Consumption of copper in the property chain New start of construction of the housing area: cumulative year-on-year construction area: cumulative year-on-year
Iron and steel consumption is largely dependent on new start-up and construction of property, while copper and metal consumption is mainly concerned with completion and marketing. Copper is used mainly for the post-completion of property, such as cable cables, power switching equipment and domestic electricity (both of which together account for about half of China’s overall copper demand).
3. China’s completion rate is up. China’s completion rate is up: electricity is spread out in construction and infrastructure,4 and the rate of electrification of new infrastructure is up.
The old capital went to the new building, the shed went to the old neighborhood, the old capital to the new capital.
2018.12 The Central Economic Work Session proposed “accelerating the pace of 5g commerce and strengthening new infrastructure such as artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, and physical networking.” The Central Political Bureau meeting called for “the implementation of short-board projects such as the renovation of old and old urban neighbourhoods, urban parking lots, construction of cold-chain logistics facilities in urban and rural areas, and the acceleration of the promotion of new infrastructure such as the information network, such as the `iron bridge', which is closely linked to the steel and cement industry; and that new infrastructure such as 5g, material networking, artificial intelligence, etc., will increase in the intensity of copper consumption;
4- Increase in the proportion of new capital electrification, old capital construction to new infrastructure, and upgrading of sheds to old neighborhoods : housing demolition and renovation, with a focus on steady growth through the promotion of real estate investments, monetization resettlement can also facilitate the movement of real estate to stock:
▪ Initial estimates of the total amount invested in the old transformation can amount to up to $4 trillion, with an additional investment of over $800 billion per year over a five-year period, which can be a drag on the overall investment in the hedge;
The bottom of the supply reflects the stress of the mine, the bottom of the supply.
As a result of the tight supply of waste copper, production is limited in downstream enterprises. Regenerous copper poles have a narrow profit margin and become more environmentally friendly, with the rate of regenerative copper starting at about 50%; Revised, high end imports of six categories of waste copper into renewable rather than scrap copper.
Supply-side bottom icsg global copper production from mines: monthly compared to monthly compared to global copper production from mines from icsg: monthly compared to monthly
Global copper production has continued to decline at a steady pace; global copper production has fluctuated around 2% since 2009 and has declined to negative values since the beginning of 2017; and global copper supply tensions since 2019 have resulted mainly from the South American strike riots and the conversion of Indonesia’s Grasberg project to underground operations, resulting in reduced production. The 2019 copper expansion program foresees a total of 300,000 additional copper concentrates (including copper).
The 2020 expansion project is expected to add 400,000-500,000 tons of copper concentrate (with copper in it), but the decomposition of a mine in Mutanda is reduced by 200,000 tons.
After 2018, the supply and demand of gold and copper remained at a gap of around 400,000 tons; 6, the logic of purple gold mining, what is the purchase of the resource unit?
Core competencies of resource-based enterprises ▪ Core competencies and investment values of resource-based enterprises are at two points: 1. Ability to access resources, including exploration for exploitation and investment mergers and acquisitions;
▪ 2, liquidity of hand-held resources, development, operation, cash flow;
Partial major acquisitions of gold from late 2013 to late 2018 by late 2013 to late 2018 by late 2018
2018.9 Acquisition of 63 per cent of the rtbbor Group
Resource liquidity at critical stages 2019-2020: Kolwezi II, Daobao Mountain II, rtbbor copper concentrates, mainland gold Vuri Tika gold mining project
2021-2022 Conversion project: timok with copper concentrates, Kamoa copper mining, etc. Other ongoing projects: copper smelting project in the Heilong River purple gold copper industry, Xinjiang purple gold zinc smelting project, copper smelting in the purple gold industry, integrated resource use and environmentally sound disposal project, high-performance copper alloy alloys in the gold industry in Fujian and energy-saving rehabilitation project, etc.
The logic of violet mining translates resource advantage into economic advantage, which is at the core of construction and production operations over the next three years.  Achieving a doubling of copper production in the mines: the Cylviatimok copper (gold) mine, the Congolese kada-Kakura copper mine, all have the resources to form a world-class mine, its high quality.
The goal is to ensure that 30% of the production and design capacity are in place by 2021, 70% of the design capacity by 2022, and production by 2023. At the same time, it is necessary to speed up the technological expansion of the Serbian copper mine in Bor and to achieve the completion of projects in copper mines such as the bisha polymetallic mine in Eritrea, the Congolese Cobalt (cobalt) copper mine in Kolwezi, and the Dobunsan copper mine.
:: Continuous attention to mining market M&A opportunities, with a focus on active or impending gold mining projects to increase the share of gold resources and production; and accelerated project approval and construction of two major gold mining projects, Mt. Mt.
Co-existing gold and copper, which earns beta cyclical shares — income structure: 50 per cent for precious and industrial metals; relatively balanced income and Māori structure that effectively smooths the impact of economic fluctuations on performance
The logic of violet mining, the elasticity of copper prices to performance, the current benchmark of 48,000 copper and 315 gold, conservatively estimated.
The logic of purple gold mining: the dollar index is once again significantly stronger.
Risk: Production capacity delivers faster than expected Risk: countercyclical adjustment less effective than expected.
The Portfolio d. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates a securities business licence No. 1348000. or the views expressed by the securities reflect the personal views of the analysts.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the positions and transactions of the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek to provide investment banking services to these companies.