Growth in sales,a shares of authorized overseas M&A expansion - UV Mining (601899) depth reports that it serves as a mining tap for domestic polymetallic operations such as copper, gold, zinc, and resource reserves
Rich, the company’s overseas mining mergers and acquisitions have continued, resource reserves have increased further, major businesses have been investing in the State’s assets, and production sales have been increasing. At the same time, gold prices have been on the top of the list, with a short supply.
Business Limited does not have a high volatility of large unilateral rises or declines, copper and zinc prices are rising as macros and are expected to rebound at the bottom and move out of a long-term slow upward trend, which is for the corporate sector.
Copper business: Rapid expansion of production capacity, a warmer macro-emotion, and a backlash at the cost of copper: the company ' s copper resources, which are now also expanding rapidly, include technological changes in the country ' s Dobble Mountain II, the production capacity of Kolwezi abroad, and the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine.
The Kula copper mine is the world's largest undeveloped copper mine and the world's fourth largest copper mine.
High-quality, high-quality resources are rare in the context of global resource depletion. As macro-investment moods warm, copper prices are expected to rise, a share of corporate performance is approved, overseas M&As continue to advance, and the reserves of copper and gold are rising further.
Plus: the company continued to expand its overseas map through overseas M&As for 19 years. By 31 December 19 it was expected to complete the acquisition of 72 per cent of the Cuau stock held by the Freeport Exploration Company in category B. Upon completion of this acquisition, the company will have a 100 per cent interest in the timok copper gold mine and a 100 per cent interest in the lower mine.
There are five rights to prospecting on the periphery. At present, an increase in the company’s shares has been approved by the CSRC.
Data cut-off date: November 14th, 2019.
Soft, political instability has increased in some countries, trade friction between countries has not been completely resolved, geopolitical tensions remain, gold does not have the conditions for a rapid unilateral decline, and gold prices are now at an all-time high, which will effectively safeguard the company's minerals.
Risk factors: unilateral decline in gold prices: the demand for copper, the demand for zinc, the safety of production, the sea.
As a multi-metal leader in the country, including copper, gold and zinc, there are vast reserves of resources and companies.
Overseas mining mergers and acquisitions have continued, resource reserves have increased further, and major business sales have increased. At the same time, gold prices are generally at high prices, with no short-term risk of large unilateral rises or declines, and copper and zinc prices are expected to rebound at the bottom as macro-emotions continue to improve and move out of a long-term slowdown.
As the company has long achieved absolute leadership in the gold industry, and as the name of the company is “violet mining” includes gold, it has been treated as a gold company for a long time.
The source is already the highest in the country, and twice as many in the second place, and copper can now expand rapidly, and in the next few years copper production will probably be the highest in the country, with the prospect of joining the top ten in the world. Companies are the real ones, overseas M&As have continued for 19 years, and copper and gold reserves have increased further, leading to a rise in stock prices.
The price of copper has been rising steadily. The price of copper is highly correlated with macroeconomics, and it seems to be seen as two things: the friction of trade between China and the United States has eased the emergence of major stabilization economic policies. And, as a mining company, security concerns in the company’s mining process can trigger stock prices.
The value of gold has fallen unilaterally: the demand for copper, the demand for zinc has fallen short of expectations, the safety of production, and the progress of overseas mergers and acquisitions has fallen short of expectations.
In 2018, the company controlled reserves of gold, copper and zinc made up 13 per cent, 46.7 per cent and 4.5 per cent of the domestic reserves. In 2018, Fortune China ranked 82nd in 500th place, PricewaterhouseCoopers.
In August 1993, the Shanghai County Minerals Company was transformed into the Shanghai County Purple Gold Mining Corporation, the main business of which was turned to the development and construction of the Shanghai County Viking Hill.
Mines. In October 1994, it was renamed the Kansai Pilgrim Mining Group Ltd. in Fujian Province. In September 2000, it was led by Guanxiingang Industries Ltd., and seven other sponsors, including the United Xinhua Business Group Inc., Lifujiang Pulse Mining Co. Ltd., and in April 2004, it was renamed the Fujimori Mining Group Ltd.
In June 2004, the name was changed to Purple Gold Mining Group, Inc.
According to the tri-quarter report of 2019, the top ten shareholders of the company together held 59.85%.
24.80% of the shares. The ultimate controlling person of the company is the State Finance Committee of Haut Hang County, Fujian Province, which is fully funded and invested in the Kwanxi Hanggang investment, and the top 10 shareholders include China Securities and Finance Company Ltd., the Central African Development Fund Ltd., and the Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd. (Land Holdings).
1.3 The process of development — starting with gold mining, with more than 20 achievements of the world's mining giants — has evolved over the years to form a comprehensive company based on the exploration and exploitation of mineral resources of metals such as gold, copper and zinc, which has developed in three phases since the development of the purple gold mine in 1993 to more than 20 years.
The first phase was the first cycle of corporate entrepreneurship development from 1993 to 2000. During this period, the company’s activities focused on the development of the Purple Gold Mine, completing the original capital accumulation. The second phase was the second phase of corporate entrepreneurship development from 2001 to 2010.
The company’s operations have been globalized, overseas mergers and acquisitions have continued, and the company is committed to creating a highly technologically efficient mega-mining group. The company’s projects are currently spread across 24 provinces and cities (autonomous regions) and in Ghana, Australia, Papua New Guinea, Russia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, South Africa, the Congo.
There are 11 overseas countries. The company's mineral gold, copper and zinc production is in the top three countries. The size of its assets and sales revenue are more than $100 billion. Its overseas operations account for more than one third of the total and have further magnified the trend, and now the company has become one of the largest producers of mineral resources and production in the country abroad.
The company had 428 mining rights at the end of 2018, covering 3154.35 square kilometres, of which 195 rights to prospecting and 233 rights to mining.
Tons, copper, 49.52 million tons, zinc, 8.37 million tons, and copper reserves are close to the level of the international first-class mining company. Under the flag, there is a full-fledged portfolio of active mines, a new batch of acquisitions or construction projects with large and high grade reserves, of which the Congolese Kamoa copper mine is the world-class ultra-high-grade copper mine, with more than 42 million tons of copper and metal reserves, the second largest in Africa.
In addition, the company owns 120 million tons of iron ore, 234.8 tons of platinum ore and 148.76 tons of platinum ore, as well as a variety of deposits such as lead, tungsten, tin, and coal. In addition, the company is increasing its exploration efforts and seeking overseas acquisition opportunities.
The company’s primary gold, copper, and zinc metals are selected for exploration, with a modest extension of the smelting industry. The company’s business can be divided into mining operations and smelting operations as a whole.
Figure 7: Structure of the company ' s industrial chain from the company ' s annual report 2018 data analysis, the company ' s business comes mainly from copper, gold, zinc selection and smelting.
The operating income of the company accounts for 42 per cent of the company ' s total revenue; the operating income of the smelting copper represents 23 per cent of the total; while the operating income of the mining industry from copper, mineral gold and zinc from mines accounts for 28 per cent of the company ' s total revenue; the company ' s main 20 per cent is Maori; and the mining industry from copper, gold from mines and zinc from mines accounts for 41 per cent of the company ' s gross revenue.
In terms of the structure of the company’s domestic and foreign operations, domestic revenues account for 94 per cent of total revenue, while foreign operations account for only 6 per cent of total revenue. Māori, on the other hand, account for a significant increase in profits from foreign operations, which account for the company’s total Māori.
In terms of the Māori rate for specific operations, the Māori rate for the soybow (processed gold) reached a peak of 0.83% in 2016, followed by a relatively stable Māori rate for end-of-service operations. The Māori rate for mine gold has been reduced year by year, while the Māori rate for copper and zinc from mines has remained stable overall.
The business Māori rate is declining each year. The company’s main profits come from two sources: the soybean (processed gold) and the copper, gold, and zinc industry at the end of the mine, which still earn slightly more than the Māori in the mine gold business.
A comparison of the company's main mineral output shows that the company's mineral gold volume is decreasing year by year, while mineral copper and zinc production are still increasing.
The company’s mineral gold business consists mainly of mines left under the umbrella of six companies with full ownership or participation. The owner of the company wants 32.21 million tons of annual ores in gold-producing mines and 25.184 tons of gold per year. The share of the company’s total gold production is as high as 69 per cent.
- Mineral copper and copper smelting, 683,078 tons, an increase of 7.40 per cent in the same year. Of this amount: mineral copper, 248,577 tons (19,763 tons), an increase of 19.52 per cent in the same year. Smelting copper, 434,501 tons, an increase of 1.51 per cent in the same year.
Copper production costs around US$ 17694/t. Copper smelting costs around US$ 4185/t. The difference in cost results in a difference between Māori and Māori. Māori mineral copper is up to 50%, while copper smelting is only 3.54%.
Five copper mines have an annual ore disposal capacity of 43.7 million tons. In 2018, five mines produced a total of 22.94% copper, or 92.2% of the group ' s total mineral copper, of which the company is fully owned by the purple gold mountain copper mine, the polybony copper mine and the dawn gold copper mine. At the same time, it holds 72% and 51% of the interests of the Congo ' s Kolwezi copper mine and the Xinjiang Ashele copper mine.
The production of copper from minerals outside the company was about 60.1 million tons, or 24.2 per cent of the total production of copper from the group ' s minerals, and the reserves of copper from outside the company were large, totalling about 38.794 million tons. They accounted for 78.3 per cent of the company ' s total copper resources, 461,169 tons, a decline of 1.25 per cent from the previous year. Of these, the mineral zinc concentrate contained 278,038 tons of zinc, an increase of 2.98 per cent, or 2.98 per cent, from the previous year.
In 18 years, the production of lead concentrates accounted for 21.30 per cent of the group ' s Māori. From a breakdown of costs and Māori, the cost of minerals zinc is approximately R$ 4917 per ton, the Māori rate is as high as 65.3 per cent, while the cost of smelting zinc is about R$ 19559 per ton and the Māori rate is only 3.2 per cent.
The company's mineral zinc and lead operations are dominated by three main mines, with an annual ore disposal capacity of 9.6 million tons left, and a total production of 26.7 million tons of mineral zinc and 30.7 million tons of lead from three mines in 2018.
The company has a relatively high level of Maori in silver and iron mining, including mineral silver and smelting by-product silver; iron ore is owned by iron ore. In 2018, the group produced 604,760 kg of silver, a decline of 8.53 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 383,884 kg of silver smelting, a decline of 9.25 per cent compared to the previous year, while the mine produced 220,877 kg of silver, a decrease of 7.23 per cent compared to the same period.
The sales of iron ore, silver and other products accounted for 22.69 per cent of the 18-year operating income (after offset), and Māori accounted for 21.06 per cent of the group ' s Māori.
Three subsidiaries of the company, Fujian Gold and Copper Gold, Xinjiang Ashele Copper. Three companies, with a silver stock of 101,636 kg, account for 46% of the company’s total mineral and silver production. The company’s iron and steel operations are mainly carried out by Xinjiang Gold and Fujian Ma’s pit mining companies. The company’s ore disposal capacity amounts to 8.4 million tons.
A total of 2.97 million tons of minerals, or 100 per cent of the company's total iron ore. 3.1 Major breakthroughs in M & As, and continued progress in international storage The process of internationalization of companies has accelerated significantly, with major breakthroughs in M & A in offshore projects, 2018.
The Department's offshore operations are gaining momentum, and it is expected that production of major products will outpace domestic production in the next 2-3 years, becoming public figures 20: corporate gold mergers and acquisitions expansion 21: corporate zinc mergers and acquisitions expansion
3.1.1rtb-bor Replenished Rtbbor in 2018 for the sole Serbian copper mine and smelter company q4 for $350 million, thereby obtaining 63% of the rtbbor equity. The three subsidiaries under the flag of the rtbbor group control four low-grade copper mines and one smelter, respectively.
The sub-state copper company, which owns the country’s only active copper mine and smelter, retains a resource reserve of 785,800 tons of metal and has a greater potential for technological expansion. By equity, the company’s reserves of copper resources have increased by 4.95 million tons.
The company is expected to build an additional 120,000 tons of copper per year in six years if the deal is concluded. According to the business development plan disclosed in the announcement, the rtbbor group will invest approximately $1.26 billion (including the above-mentioned $350 million replenishment) over six years from the date of the cut-off.
After the completion of the first phase of the project, copper concentrates are expected to contain 82,000 tons of copper per year, while the smelters produce 80,000 tons of cathode copper per year.
3.1.2 Acquisition of Nevsun ' s reserves of copper, gold and zinc resources in Canada as a copper-, zinc- and gold-based mineral resource survey and development company under the umbrella of the African Eritrea Copper and Zinc Mining Project on mine production in Bisha and the Timok Copper Gold Mining Project in Serbia, Central and Eastern Europe
Two flagship projects with 27 prospecting rights in Serbia, Eritrea and Macedonia have completed pre-researching of the upper ore and are still in the exploration phase.The company announced on 5 September 2018 that all of the offers for the acquisition of devsunresourcesltd (nevsun) had been issued
The company announced on September 15, 2018 that it would formally launch a cash acquisition of devsun, with an initial offer deadline of December 31, 2018, after which the company would hold 60% interest in the bisha copper and zinc mine and 100% interest in the timok copper gold mine.
By interest, the company’s reserves of additional metal resources (including reserves) amounted to 8,251,000 tons of copper, zinc 187.7 on 12 March 2019.
On 3 November 2019, the company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Purple Gold (Europe), signed the Share Purchase Agreement with the Freeport Corporation, the Freeport Exploration Company, the Globalreservervoirminerals(bvi)inc., among others; on the same day, Purple.
Pursuant to the agreement between Kim EUREC and the Freeport Exploration Company, Purple EUR acquired 72% of the Cau ' b shares held by the Freeport Exploration Company at an initial purchase price of $240 million, thereby obtaining the free port survey company ' s share of the mining rights under the timok copper gold mine and the rakita ' s right to prospecting.
The company will have a 100% interest in the timok copper gold mine, a 100% interest in the bottom belt, and five rights to prospecting on the periphery. This merger is significant. First, the timok gold mine, which has a huge amount of timok copper, has a huge mine, has 14.3 million tons of copper metal, has an average grade of 0.86%, and has a gold metal volume of 9.6 million ounces.
At the end of the transaction, the company will further increase the reserves of copper, gold, and the equity of copper metals will increase by 7.72 million.
With an increase of 161 tons, total equity-controlled gold resources amounting to 1,889 tons, an increase of 9.3 per cent, and, secondly, good synergies with the mines on the timok, the acquisition will go beyond the development constraints of the original a/b share agreement, and the acquisition will be completed and will give 100 per cent of the company ' s real ownership of the mines on and off the timok gold mine, which will benefit the timok gold mine.
The mines below timok can make full use of the land and construction resources created by the upper ore belt (or “upstream mining”), the underground construction resources, and a significant extension of the length of service of the upper ore. The mines below timok are low-sulphurized gold ore, with a simple composition and low impurity, which can be substantially reduced through mining.
In addition, the mine in the timok is a large and complete tiara copper mine with conditions for scale development. The mine in the timok mine has the technical and economic conditions for natural fall mining, and the crash zone in the first mining area is located outside the border of the upper mineral extraction industrial facility, which can be planned, constructed and mined at an appropriate time in parallel with the development of the upper belt.
The potential value of the downside mines is better achieved in advance. According to the schematic study of the timok mine, the timok mine can be mined in two phases, one and two, respectively, in 30,000 tonnes/day and 60,000 tonnes/day, one for 21 years of service, and the 3.1.3 Kamoa project is the company’s most valuable large copper mining project overseas.
The Kamoa-Kakula (kamoa-kakula) project is a huge layer of copper deposits, which are expected to be explored in the vicinity of the Central African copper belt mine, approximately 25 kilometres west of the town of Kolwezi. In 2008, the Eiffenhow Mining (then known as ivanhoenickel&platinum) discovered the Kamoa copper deposits, followed by the Kakula deposits in early 2016.
The company owns 43.5% interest in the Kamoa-Cacura copper mining project. In March 15, the company acquired 9.9% of the company's shares (Evenha holds a partial interest in the Kamoa copper mine) and in May 15, the company acquired 49.5% of the Kamoa holding 80% interest in the Kamoa copper mine, and the company now holds a total of Kamo-Cacura copper.
The Kamoa-Cacura project is the largest undeveloped copper mine in the world, the fourth largest copper mine in the world (17 in the fifth largest mine, up one in 18 years), the largest high-grade copper deposits in the world (up from 2.5 per cent), and the largest copper mine found in Africa to date.
Figure 22: The world's largest undeveloped copper mining project Figure 23: The world's fourth largest copper mine, far above other mines Figure 24: The world's largest high-grade copper deposits (with a copper grade above 2.5%)
Figure 25: The largest copper mine found in Africa so far rose by more than 50 per cent in the kakula sector in February 2018. The latest resource data published by the company in February 2018: 17.1 million tons (585 million tons @cu2.92 per cent) of copper metal resources at the control level of the kakula sector, calculated at 1 per cent of the border grade.
The estimated level of copper metal resources is 2150,000 tons (113 million tons @cu1.90%). This amount is more than 50% higher than the amount of resources in the Qakura mineral sector in May 2017. Large copper mines. The Qakula mining sector has the potential for significant resource growth.
The western extension appears to extend south-west, indicating that the potential extension of the western exploration area may be a considerable distance within the scope of the Kamoa-Cakula mining licence, meaning that there is a significant potential for resource growth in the Qakula sector.
The company has increased its commitment to prospecting, concentrated its financial and technical efforts in order to achieve a focused breakthrough, which has resulted in a remarkable increase in the deposits of prospecting, which provides an important guarantee for the continued growth of the mineral resources of the enterprise. Of this amount, the Congo ' s Kamoa copper mine has additional copper resources of 5.92 million tons and the Congo ' s Kolwezi copper mining project has additional copper resources of 430,000 tons and cobalt 450,000 tons.
Xinjiang's new lead + zinc resources amount to 280,000 tons, and Shanji-Yi-Yi-Yiji-Yi's new gold resources amounting to 28 tons. In addition, the Xinjiang Ashele copper industry, the late flag of Ulat, the Heilongjiang Dobo copper mine, among others, have made new progress in finding mines. In 2018, the group invested $301 million in equity-based surveys to map new resource deposits in more than 333 categories.
In 19 years as a whole, the market was heavily hedged by macroeconomic events such as a weak global economy, geopolitical complexities, increased friction between countries or regions, the situation in Iran, and the Syrian crisis. In May, in particular, the intensification of trade friction between the US and the United States was accompanied by weak United States economic data, market fears, a sharp rise in gold prices, and a breakthrough.
As the US-China trade negotiations eased, the macro-emotion improved, and the empty power of gold could not be reduced, there might be a risk of a reversal. Gold prices rose significantly in 19 years over 18 years, constituting a considerable benefit for the public sector’s mineral gold business.
According to data published in the company ' s three-quarterly report, in January-September 2019, the Māori rate of the company ' s mining gold in the mountains was 38.72 per cent, showing a significant increase in the company ' s 19-year gold business. In addition, in January-September 2019, the company produced only $266.27/g in gold from the mines. In January-September 2019, the mine produced 9646 kg of gold concentrate, a decrease of 9.05 per cent compared to 18 years, but a decrease of 9.05 per cent.
Gold, revenue, and Māori have all grown considerably. But it should also be noted that, with the easing of macro-emotion, together with the possible effective stimulus to the economy from the easing of monetary policy across countries, the global economy should be noted, taking into account the continuing development of areas such as 5g, new energy vehicles, artificial intelligence, etc.
The company’s overseas operations have expanded steadily, and copper production and sales have increased dramatically. In January-September 2019, the company produced electricity in its mines.
The total production of copper was 32411 tons, 3,1032 tons of electrolytic copper from mines, 200803 tons of copper concentrate from mines, and 350802 tons of copper smelting, which is a significant increase over the same period of 18 years. The unit price of copper products was then lower than 18 years, and the Maori rate was lower.
The sales of the company ' s mineral zinc and smelting zinc production increased significantly, then the unit price of the mineral zinc sales fell significantly and the cost of marketing increased, reducing the Māori rate from 66.35% to 44.48%. Smelting zinc was affected by a marked drop in the unit cost of sales, and the share of the electricity plate in the copper consumption structure was 51% higher. Our main focus is on the national grid infrastructure.
In the first nine months of 19 years, however, cumulative investment completion fell by 12.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In historical data, annual vehicle sales amounted to 27,81 million vehicles, a decline of 4.16 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In the first nine months of 19 months, total vehicle sales amounted to 2,044 million vehicles, compared to a steady increase in our air-conditioning production in recent years, but the rate of increase slowed markedly after 18 years.
Since May 2019, China and the United States trade friction has intensified, customs frictions between countries or regions have continued, interest rates in major economies have declined, and global monetary easing policies have come to an end. Global pmi data have begun to fall below the 50-point limit, maintaining low performances.
But, as the US-China trade negotiations progressed at a time when new technologies were developing, new energy vehicles were being promoted more and more. The mood for macro-investment was warming, and the future demand for copper and zinc plates began to turn to optimism.
The company’s copper and zinc production will expand further, which will boost the company’s future net profits. So, overall, in the future, gold prices will remain high, copper and zinc prices are expected to rebound at the bottom, which will make the company more profitable.
On February 26, 2019, the company released a public offer. According to the announcement, the number of shares allocated by the company does not exceed 3.4 billion, and the total amount of publicly raised funds, including the cost of distribution, will not exceed 80.
Hundreds of millions of yuan (including 8 billion yuan), the amount of shares actually issued = the total amount of funds raised – the price of which was issued. This fund-raising investment took place on 22 February of the year, with 286,572,704 shares (or 92.52% of all shares issued by devsun) receiving offers from the company.
On 29 October, the company announced that it had received approval from the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board on 28 October 2019, after the acquisition had been completed, that the company would complete the acquisition of all the remaining shares of the Nevsun by means of a mandatory acquisition and that it was planning to remove the Nevsun from the Toronto Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange on the completion of the acquisition.
Approving companies to issue up to 3.4 billion new shares, with a change in total equity due to a change in equity, etc. should be adjusted for this issue. Then, on November 13, the company issued a no-share announcement, and on November 15, the company issued a public notice to increase the stock of the company.
In view of the success of this increase, funds were raised to cover projects that had previously been offered to acquire shares. This is no doubt good for the company’s future operations, and the company’s stock prices are expected to increase further.
This increase is likely to be accompanied by an increase in the company’s overall valuation. But, in the long run, it will be a major benefit for the public sector’s overseas M&A expansion. The company’s industry leadership is stronger.
6. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: unilateral decline in gold prices; under-required copper and zinc demand; safety of production; and under-performed overseas M&As.