A new milestone in the client's globalization strategy in the United States of America is announced by the official U.S. Semiconductor Equipment MicroCooper, a leading international semiconductor manufacturer in the United States.
The first saps order is an evaluation device for further validation of the cleaning performance of the equipment and the final determination of the configuration of the equipment.
Delivery is scheduled for the first quarter of 2022. The second saps order is a mass-production device, which will be subject to the expansion of the pace and scale of operations, loss in the third quarter alone, underperformance, sufficient hand orders, and future breakthroughs in the energy cylinders.
The company's saps cleaning technology, which for more than a decade of technological variability and innovation, is used by international front-line customers for advanced programming. The US-specific space transposition transposition (saps) crystal cleaning technology, the symmetry of megasonic waves in the gap between the megasonic generator and the crystal circle, and the symphony with the earlier ones.
The saps technology is capable of moving or tilting the generator during a crystal circle rotation, so that all points on the crystal circle (even if the crystal circle is curvature) are transferred evenly. The saps process technique was first validated on the dram device and then applied on a continuous basis.
Go to 3dnand, power devices, sensors, etc., first-line domestic customers. This time, two saps equipment orders were obtained from first-line customers in the U.S. to demonstrate that saps technology also has good applications in logical circuit customers and even in advanced programs.
Market extension strategies have been successful, and client globalization strategies have been implemented. Since October, companies have been receiving orders from first-line international customers, including a sap equipment demo order from a major global semiconductor company, which is expected to be assembled in China in 2022 q1; and from an Asian mainstream half-conductor.
Two ultracpr deglazing orders from a global leading idm chip manufacturer. The company’s outreach strategy in overseas markets has been successful in the fact that original differential technologies are first tested by multiple key Asian clients, and then successfully tested and rolled out to top manufacturers around the world.
The company’s long-term revenue target is 50% of sales from markets outside China and 50% from mainland China.
The Division ' s overseas revenues account for less than 10 per cent, while, according to Semi, the market for offshore semiconductor equipment outside mainland China as of 2021q3 accounted for about 73 per cent of the global semiconductor equipment market, long-term between 70 and 80 per cent of the area, with companies expected to rely on differentiated innovation saps, tebo, tahoe, copper plating, and standing.
International advanced/international leading technologies, such as stoves, continue to break through and expand international front-line customers and their markets.
The uncertainty of the international geopolitical frictions and the uncertainty of the client certification cycle, based on the market value collected on 6 December 2021.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations