- Detailed reading of Ningpo Bank's semi-annual report of 2020.
On August 28, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020: net profit returns increased by 14.60 per cent in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis.
This reduction has had a significant positive impact, as a result of increases in earnings from fair value changes and a narrow tax reduction. The first half of the year, driven by higher agency revenues, has seen the growth of 46.48% of inter-firm business income on a year-on-year basis, and is expected to continue to grow faster in the future as the synergies between silver and corporate finance continue to emerge.
• A marginal improvement in net interest differentials and an optimal financial structure The Unit compares the trend with the trend of depth 300 Line 9bp: 4bp higher in the first half of the year than in the first quarter, with an improvement in the margins.
The Division is active in optimizing the asset-liability structure, increasing the ratio of loans held, and investing in personal loans with a higher rate of return. Deposit costs are relatively rigid, but companies are expected to reduce interest differential pressure by optimizing the structure and reducing the ratio of high-cost deposits in the future.
By the end of the second season, the corporate failure rate was 0.79%, and the ring ratio rose by only a small margin of 1 bp, keeping it at the lowest level in the listed banks. The pressure on the provision coverage was smaller and significantly reduced. As a result of the targeted increase in May, the core-level capital adequacy ratio was raised by 38bp to 9.98% at the end of the second season.
Corporate performance has grown significantly, with a marginal increase in net interest differentials and a sustained optimization of the finance structure. The company’s dominance has led to the maintenance of the best levels of asset quality in listed banks, which has reduced the pressure of invisibility. In addition, the company’s multiple sources of capital supplementation, the performance of middle-income performance has continued to be excellent, and its future performance has accelerated.
1. Ningbo Bank (002142): Replenishment of capital on a fixed scale, and expansion is expected to accelerate.
High rate of growth and innovation - high double-digit performance, reduced hidden adverse stress 1, high double-digit performance and continued high performance
On August 28, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020: despite the impact of the epidemic, the company’s performance remained impressive. The net profit from the first half of the year rose by 14.60% over the same period, at a much higher rate than the net gains from commercial banks of 9.41% and urban comptoirs of 2.59%.
3.51pc. The profit before collection and provision is 10.28 pct and 10.05 pct, respectively, down by one quarter and higher by one quarter, respectively, remains insured, respectively, as a result of a narrow increase in earnings from changes in fair value, with a certain negative impact on the secondary tax collection, and the main positive factor is the provision.The company was proactive and increased its provision during the first quarter of this year, with an annualized credit cost of 2.2 per cent for the single quarter; and the second quarter.
The rate of increase, though down by 1.41 pct from the quarter, is still high. The net revenue performance of fees and commissions continues to show a significant increase of 22.71 pct. As the firm ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Silver, opened at the end of the year, and as the treasury business moves on, market space opens up and synergies with the company continue to move forward, the company is expected to be on track in the future.
The first half of the year saw net interest differentials between commercial banks and urban comptoirs fall by 11 bp and 9 bp, respectively, with the company’s interest differentials falling slightly less and the company’s comparative advantage becoming evident. The first half of the year saw lower rates of return on assets and cost of interest-bearing liabilities by 21 bp and 9 bp, respectively, compared to the last year.
In response to the industry-wide downward pressure on interest differentials, companies actively optimize the asset-liability structure. The average balance of loans as a percentage of interest-bearing assets in the first half of the year and the average balance of deposits as a proportion of interest-bearing liabilities increased by 1.96 pct and 2.82 pct, respectively, in relation to loans.
1.97 pct, structural optimization, to a certain extent, alleviates the downward pressure on loan returns. In the case of deposits, the first half of the year ' s upward trend in the cost of public deposits contributed to an increase in the cost of total deposits by 7 bp compared to last year ' s year, while the lower cost of individual time deposits reduced the pressure on the cost end.
The company increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans in the second quarter, raising the annualized non-performing loan generation ratio by 47bp to 1.27% in the second quarter. The negative rate at the end of the second quarter was 0.79%, with the ring rising only slightly by 1bp, maintaining its lowest level in listed banks.
By the end of the second season, the default on corporate non-performing loans (= loans overdue by more than three months/non-performing loans) was 85.67 per cent, which was less stressful and significantly less demanding than the non-performing loans generated at the end of the previous year. In addition, at the end of the second season, the company ' s coverage ring dropped by 18.05 pct to 506.02 per cent, ranking first among the listed banks, with the pledge rate rising by 2.32 pct to 39.84 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, with the risk resilience score.
On the whole, the quality of the company’s assets is at the best of the listed banks, and it is expected to continue to be a prominent leader in the future, owing to the reduced pressure on hidden non-performing loans. Figure 5: Ningpo Bank non-performing lending rate
Figure 6: Ningpo Bank provision coverage Figure 7: Ningpo Bank failure rate is lowest in listed banks Figure 8: Ningpo Bank provision coverage is highest in listed banks
By industry, the rate of poor individual lending at the end of the second season was 24bp to 1.16 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year, but, at the same time, as firms increased the disposal and write-off of non-performing loans and signs of weak economic recovery became apparent, the rates of poor accommodation, catering, shipping, commercial trade, scientific research and other sectors fell significantly from 4.33pct, 67bp, 59bp and 43bp respectively at the end of the previous year.
The improvement in the quality of loan assets has largely stagnated the impact of an upswing in personal lending rates. The future is expected to improve steadily as the economy warms, business returns, consumer demand rises, and the quality of personal loan assets.
At a relatively high level, in August this year, the company completed the issuance of $10 billion in second-tier capital debt, and the capital “ammunition” was further supplemented. In economically developed areas, such as the company’s deep-deep cultivation of the river, loans reached 87.32% in Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces at the end of the second season, representing an increase of 1.77 ptt compared to the previous year.
High-quality assets are not lacking, and the future is expected to continue and even increase in size, taking advantage of the “East Wind of Capital Replenishment” to further open up the space for performance growth.
In general, companies maintain a high growth rate of double-digit revenue and performance, and growth is remarkable. There is an improvement in the margin between net interest differentials, and the capital structure continues to be optimized. Companies dominate the position, and the quality of assets continues to be the best and invisible bank in the market.
Figure 14: Summary of financial statement data projections from Ningbo Bank pbband. Experiences related to leasing, private collection, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.