New equipment continues to function and the Māori rate is rising steadily - mid-2025 reported performance rating Time Electric (stock code: 688187.sh)
Event: The company released its mid-2025 performance. 25h1 company achieved business income of $12.214 billion, an increase of 17.95 per cent, a net return to the mother of $1,672 million, an increase of 12.93 per cent, and a deduction of $1.25 billion, an increase of 12.58 per cent.
□: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn 11.48 per cent; orbital engineering revenue of $563 million, or 1.05 per cent more than the previous year; communications signal system revenue of $470 million, or 13.11 per cent more than the previous year; other orbital equipment operations revenue of $363 million, or the same increase
In the amount of $359 million, there was a significant increase of 110.08 per cent in the same year; in the amount of $423 million in marine equipment, there was a similar increase in the cost of Prince Road, and there was an increase in the Māori rate. The total Māori ratio of 25h1 companies was 32.01 per cent, comparable.
The cost rate for the company period has remained stable, with sales in the first half of the year.
In the field of rail operations, the country's fixed capital investment in railways has remained high, there has been a good increase in passenger and cargo traffic, national railways vehicles and security, and companies have maintained a stable market position, and the signing and delivery of bills is expected to continue to grow well.
The Department's overseas markets continued to break, with 13 projects in the Asian and European and American regions in the first half of the year, with overseas operations ranked second in the industry in terms of vehicle power modular loads and 13.6 per cent in terms of market ownership; the photovoltaic reverse transformer in the home country scored over 15gw, and ground power station in the top three sectors. Sensor units remained steady in the field of orbital traffic.
The largest aggregate share of the domestic market is in the new energy sectors of auto power, wind power, and light voltage. Real-flowa shares (million shares) The company’s three-phase production line reached production at the end of June this year, and semiconductor business revenues and profitability are expected to increase.
The market value of the market share of the liquiditya (millions of dollars) has increased rapidly. The company’s two major business portfolios continue to be characterized by a year-round growth in performance.
Investment proposals: The company ' s rail equipment operations are expected to benefit from the railway high profile and the continuous release of the rail support needs + not to realize a net return profit of $4.357 billion, $4.775 billion, $5.187 billion, corresponding to 3.21 per cent, and the company review of the "Galactic Machinery" _ Time Electric (688187.sh):
There is a steady growth in performance, and the track + semiconductor continues to be committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Peak, Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the Department of Oceanic Certificates, Treasury Securities, and the Beijing Trust Securities Department. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, leading an electronic team leader, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.