Business breakthrough - Time Electric (688187) semi-annual review, August 23rd, 2025 semi-annual report. Company 2025h1 realized operating income
In the field of deep farming and rail transport, the strategy of “consensual diversity” has been advancing steadily. According to the official Chinese Railway Micro-Credit Public, the country completed a fixed investment of $355.9 billion in the first half of 2025, and the company’s share in motor vehicle bidding has remained stable; moreover, Cr450 motor vehicle performance has been verified.
The development of new energy engines has been well under way, with new orders for urban railing systems followed by a new breakthrough in the industry and cross-platform overhauls. The combined strength has continued to grow, with new results in overseas market openings, with 13 hits in Asia, the Americas, Europe, and so on.
Objectives, including different system products with more than 12 mtha price range products, such as in-house combustion vehicles, new energy engines, power-intensive motors, urban track, etc.; maintenance of market ownership of railway signal products from the company ' s main line
A fully automated signal system (fao signal system) developed and built on electrical autonomy during the era was also officially launched on the first phase of line 8 of the Ningbo subway on 30 June 2025.
As the “double carbon” strategy moves forward, the company's full-scale, code-added basics, new energy power drives, etc., are on the ground. 2025h1, the company's new equipment business generated $5,244 million, yoy+25.88% of the basic equipment.
The plate contributes 2,416 million yuan, yoy + 29.12%. The company’s power semiconductor is well advanced in three phases, with design capacity reached at the end of June 2025, while low- and medium-pressure device capacity continues to rise, leading the domestic market for new energy vehicles and power generation; the company is in a new energy vehicle.
The industry insists on a break-through of the entire value chain of the "Fundamental Devices - Core Parts - System Integration " , in which the technology of the igbt reverse-guided chip is advancing smoothly, breaking through the sic dynamic properties and reliability sub-technics, and completing the first batch delivery of the sic module.
Blocks, companies are also synchronizing the first break-up in the total pressure generation and the first-time application of multi-products, with 20 new items. According to Ne-era data, as of 2025h1, the company was ranked second in the industry in terms of vehicle capacity and modular loads, with a market occupancy rate of 13.6 per cent, in addition to the company's sensors.
" Low-carbon transition policy support track service basics for long-term stabilization of a combination of domestic market ownership in the field of on-orbit transport, with a home-country winner of a photovoltaic inverter, solid and sufficiently powered semiconductor growth dynamic "
15gw, in the field of terrestrial power stations, is the third largest industry in the country. New energy generation plates, light storage winds, hydrogen multi-industry synergies, winning capacity is at the top in the country.
The cumulative delivery of the igbt hydrogen-based power supply went through 100 units, becoming the first equipment manufacturing company in the country to achieve a milestone in the growth of this type of equipment business.
We keep the “buy-in” rating. We adjust the company’s net return profit forecast for 2025-2027 to lower than expected investment in orbital transport construction, less progress in research and development, and increased competition in the industry.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.