Incident: On October 24, 2025, the Chinese dynasty issued its three-quarter report, the first three quarters of 2025, the Chinese dynasty (601088) \triangleright
Millions of tons, or 8.4 per cent less than in the same year, of which 249 million tons of home-grown coal were sold, 1.3 per cent less in the same year, while the foreign purchase combined coal sale price was 487 yuan/ton less than in the same year, or 13.7 per cent lower than in the same year.
Cost: In the first three quarters of 2025, the cost of producing the company ' s own coal unit was $173.2 per ton, a 7.5 per cent decrease. The decrease was mainly due to raw materials, fuel and power costs and safe production costs, down-cycles, and significant corporate cost controls, demonstrating strong profitability in coal operations.
Power plate: Fuel costs fall over and over with diversified revenues, and power plate profits increase on a year-on-year basis. \triangleright sales total 15.309 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, 5.5% below the same year; coal-fired units use an average of hours
The price of electricity sold was $382/megawatt hours, a 4.5 per cent decline in the same year. Cost side: The average cost of electricity sold was $327.5/megawatt hours, a 8.0 per cent decrease in the same year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Billion dollars, an increase of 23.0% over the same period. Shipboard plates: the volume of shipping shipments and the turnover rate of the Golden House B, which was adjusted by the shipping industry, decreased by 50.1% in the first three quarters of 2025.
With a total profit of 100 million yuan, an increase of 354.5 per cent over the same period, a new round of major asset restructuring was initiated to purchase 13 related assets in the possession of the National Energy Group, such as coal, pit power and coal-chemicals, through the issuance of shares and the payment of cash, with the aim of fundamentally resolving the same problem.
The issue of competition in industry will further enhance the efficiency of integrated corporate operations and energy security. At the same time, we expect the company to achieve shareholder returns by purchasing assets by issuing shares and paying cash.
The value of companies’ long-term investments is shown in a context of high cash, high dividends, and high growth. We expect companies to achieve carbon-related, power-related policy uncertainty in 2025-2027; coal-mining accidents; and so on.
He was a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Council, a member of the China Price Association's Select Committee on Coal Prices and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (maintaining a job), and for over 10 years he was a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields and he was a member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Council, and a member of the China Price Association's Executive Committee.
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector and is currently in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is engaged in coal, steel and steel, and upper and lower Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Nanjing University of Finance, formerly a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences.
The Institute's expert and assistant director led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of policy papers on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in the country's ministries.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States, and Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant application research, joined the Sinda Securities Study in June 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Eisen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, engaged in coal and coal
Li Dong, Master of Arts in Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry, Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors, which is directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The report is made available only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial issuance of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Inconsistent studies, no special notice may be given on the credit securities.