Big banks, good performance with high interest differentials, poor generation of slower assets, good performance with three quarters of net interest income and net fees revenue from big banks, resulting in net corporate profits.
With the adjustment of the beneficial asset allocation and the easing of the cost pressures of corporate liabilities, the company’s three-quarter interest gap continues to grow. We believe that, as the company’s fundamentals improve, it is possible to repair the value discount space, with the firm’s rating being increased to buy-in.
The net profits of large banks increased by 2.4 pct to 9.10% in the first three quarters of the year over the same period, exceeding our expectations (7.1%); the net interest income of companies was reduced by 2.69% in the same year as the new accounting standards.
Interest differentials have continued to improve, and peer liability cost pressures have eased. The first three quarters of big banks have recorded an interest gap of 1.68 per cent, an improvement of 18bp over the same period last year; we have measured an increase in the end-of-season net rate differential ring ratio of 14bp at the beginning of the three-quarter period, an improvement better than that of peers, and we believe that the improvement in corporate interest differential performance is mainly due to asset endings.
At the end of the asset, the size of the company's three-quarter loan, the increase in the rate of return (+15bp,qoq). At the end of the liability, the rapid downswing of the three-quarter market interest rates eased the cost pressure of the corporate liability.
The increase in the cost of deposits resulted in an increase of only 1 bp in the cost of the company’s three-quarter liability end-of-cycle ratio (the calculator’s initial end of the period). Bad generation slowed and asset quality was manageable.
Upgraded by 7bp, we measure the negative generation rate of single-quarter write-offs by 67bp below, so the rise in the negative rate of the company is affected by the weakening of the write-off in three quarters, which, in our view, is controlled in terms of the quality of the company's assets.
The deterioration in the quality of assets is over-expected, financial regulation is over-projected. Given the performance of companies in excess-expected performance and the improvement in fundamentals, we have increased our position by 2018/2019 net Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
At 17%, we think that, as the company's fundamentals improve, the value discount space is likely to be improved.
The net profits of the Grand Bank increased by 2.4 pct to 9.10 per cent in the first three quarters of the year in comparison with the previous quarter, exceeding our expectations (7.1 per cent); the income increase was 5.6 pct to 18.3 per cent in comparison with the previous six months, of which the net revenues of the fees and commissions were better than those of the same year, compared with 17.8 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Shortening, but net corporate interest income is largely affected by the new accounting standards (rewinding of operating income from the IMF, bond funds), continuous improvement in interest differentials, easing of cost pressures on corporate liabilities, 1.68 per cent difference in interest in the first three quarters of big banks, an improvement of 18bp compared to the same period last year; and the calculus net interest at the end of the three-quarter period, as measured by us
The improvement is better than the increase of 14bp, and we believe that the improvement in the performance of the company’s interest differentials is mainly due to the restructuring of the asset-end structure and the pressure on the cost of corporate liabilities. At the asset end, the loan scale of the company increased by 6.30% in three quarters, faster than the expansion of the asset size (1.68%, qoq), resulting in an increase in the loan share of the total asset ratio by 2.3pct to 53.1%, with the asset-end structure tilting towards loans with higher yield levels.
To contribute to a single-season asset end-of-end return (+15bp, qoq). At the end of the liability, the rapid downswing of the three-quarter market interest rates eased the cost pressure of the peer ' s liabilities and the partial hedge of the company ' s savings rate increased the cost of the three-quarter end-of-cycle liability ratio (at the end of the measurement period) by only 1 bp.
Undesirable generation slows down, asset quality is controlled. Large banks have an adverse rate of 1.58 per cent in three quarters, ring 7bp higher, but from the point of view of negative generation, we measure a negative production rate of 67bp plus write-off in one quarter, so the rise in the negative rate is affected by the reduction in write-off in three quarters, overall.
In our view, the quality of the company’s assets can be controlled. The company’s 3-quarter-end coverage rate (173%) is almost equal, with the lending ratio rising by 12bp to 2.73%, and the coverage indicator meets regulatory requirements.
Adjustments to the configuration and cost pressures on corporate liabilities have eased, and companies continue to spread their three-quarter interest differentials. Given the company’s overperformance and the perception that, as the company’s fundamentals improve, it is expected that the valuation discount space will be restored, with the firm’s rating being raised from increasing to buying.1 The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy goes ahead with expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the asset quality of the banking sector, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, with full coverage of banking regulation, both internal and external, slower growth in industry and faster “deleveraging” processes. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and enhance regulatory effectiveness, with various regulatory rules and regulations expected to accelerate down.
Limitations have affected the growth of net profits.3 The Chinese-American trade war has further escalated. The volatility of the US-China trade war has further increased investors’ prospects for the domestic economy.