The overall report is in line with expectations, smart manufacturing + electric car space, research assistant Zhang Moon, company 2018h1 registered an increase of 27.66 per cent, net profit increased by 15.72 per cent and net profit increased.
25.62% long, overall in line with expectations, the high rate of growth of non-net profits is a reflection of the high quality of growth. In the first six months of general automation, the same 29% increase in income was slower than the increase in orders, and there was a strong product competitiveness + multi-product multi-industry strategy, and we expect the general automation plate to be year-round.
The forecast meets expectations that general automation and electricity, with a higher decline in the general automation-type Maori rate, will improve in the second half of the year, with new energy industry sites, but a lower ratio between non-recurrent gains and losses and VAT refunds.
Minority shareholder interests, integration of intelligent products have increased significantly, mainly in the form of orders for the second half of the year, and cash flows and turnover have remained high.
3 Hitchuan Technology Review: Smart manufacturing continues to function, car electronics meets expectations, and the high rate of increase in non-net profits explains the high quality of growth. The company published its semi-annual 2018 report, covering the reporting period.
In-house companies achieved operating income of 2,473 million yuan, an increase of 27.66 per cent in the same year; net profit of parent companies of 496 million yuan. Of this amount, operating income of 1,497 million yuan was realized in the second quarter, an increase of 29.64 per cent in the same year and 53.54 per cent in the same year; net profit of parent companies of 300 million yuan, an increase of 16.91 per cent in the same year and 52.48 per cent in the same period; and maternity of the second quarter.
Discounting non-net profits of $277 million, an increase of 28.16 per cent over the same period; the equivalent of 0.18 per cent per quarter for the second quarter. The company’s annual report for the first half of the year increased by the same 29 per cent, which was slower than the increase in orders, strong product competitiveness and multi-product multi-industry policies.
Impacted. In July, manufacturing fixed-asset investment was cumulatively increased by 7.3 per cent, ring value by 0.5 percentage points, industry above manufacturing size by 6.2 per cent in July, ring by 0.2 percentage points, microdata by 2.4 per cent in the same month, and industrial machinery recovered from the June 2.1 per cent increase in production of more sensitive metal cutting machines.
Human output increased by 6.3 per cent in the same month and the ring decreased by 0.9 percentage points, which is still relatively low. Moreover, Japanese machine-bed data show an increase of 25.8 per cent in its export orders in July, with a significant increase of 51.9 per cent for the more sophisticated machine-beds in China.
With the same 29 per cent increase in revenues for the generic automated business block, we expect orders to grow by more than 40 per cent, year-round income forecast above, sub-products for servers, plc faster than average, frequency changers slower than average, market sub-markets for the eu market, continued high growth, the oem market slowed slightly in June, and overall income increased in the first half of the year due to revenue recognition, among other things.
In the first half of the year, the q1-2 increased by 16.1%, 10.6%, and in the first half of the year, the main industry, such as Metallurgical, gradually outpaced the industry by expanding the eu market, with revenues of 634 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 27%; and in the first half of the year, the q1-2 increased by 6.3 billion, the same increase.
In the first half of the year (mainly plc&hmi, which also includes a small number of robotic controls, industrial Internet, etc.), R&D has continued to expand to new products, generating $128 million, an increase of 27 per cent over the same year. Overall, the public sector received slightly less income than expected from the general automation plate in the first half of the year, orders met expectations, and orders grew at a relatively slower pace in June.
But the growth of orders in July was high, and despite concerns about industrial downstream demand due to trade wars and deleveraging, the competitiveness of public and private products, multi-industry multi-product strategies, import substitution strategies represented a strong resistance to cycles, and industrial robots had a high level of autonomy, and we expected more than double the annual harvest.
The component + whole machine + visual + process operations strategy, positioning a 3c+ light market, digging deep applications, having core technology such as industrial robots' servers, controllers, visuals, sensors, and threads, are the few robots in the country that have the capability of nuclear heart components. At present, the company's scara robots are largely sequenced.
To meet the occasion of loads of 3kg, 6kg, 10kg, 20kg, arms length of 300 mm-1200 mm; we expect the company to double its annual revenues and gradually grow into one or two industrial robotics in the country.
More than 50 industries (about 80-100 in all) and more than 500 clients, with nearly 170,000 access devices, with a wealth of success stories such as elevators, air-pressure machines, air conditioning, logistics vehicles, etc., are now in the platform phase, with the target of one million + equipment, 100 + in 2020, moving from industrial controls to smart manufacturing.
Figure 3: Cost of generating electric cars with an increase of 96% in the same six-month revenue, expected to be more than expected throughout the year, logistics with a slight slow pace, and we expect 35-40% growth in electric vehicle operations throughout the year. With respect to vehicles, companies are currently positioning domestic firms.
The power, power, power, power mix, and a breakthrough for international customers are now expected to have more than a dozen fixed points and several models for sale in the country. The first brand has been set. It is hoped that this year the number of cars will be expanded in the first line of Gilly, Hiro, Chang An, and that all the Euro-American car giants abroad will be visited by companies through the three major public systems.
Certification, while the company is developing a third-generation power product, is expected to move to the market by the end of the year, and this year the sales of four multi-car types (Wima, Cheetah, Peng, south-east) are higher than expected, depending on material purchases, and are expected to generate more than $100 million. In the case of passenger vehicles, Sinkkawa has been working with Yutong's deep strategy, according to energy-saving network data.
With an increase of 226 per cent compared to the previous year, the four quarters of the year are expected to start gradually, with Wootong targeting more than 27,000 vehicles for the year, and we expect that the price of passenger vehicles will continue to decline this year, while the company will upgrade its operations by accelerating the development of a new generation of integrated controllers, while strengthening the impact of cost controls and partial price reductions, so we expect passenger power throughout the year.
With respect to logistics vehicles, companies are actively exploring business models for new energy logistics vehicles, high-speed single-down platform projects for bulk sales, t-box products for bulk loading by domestic pole operators, and corporate goods in the first half of the year due to the low volume of production and sales during the transition period.
In the second half of the year, the start of a logistics vehicle was slower than expected, and the market was expected to rise from 20% to 30-40%. In aggregate, the motor electronic bus is expected to remain stable, and the logistics car is expected to grow steadily. In the first half of the year, the elevator business as a whole received $552 million, an increase of 8.57%.
3.62 per cent are at a low level, and the continuing real estate restructuring has led to an overall entry of the elevator industry into the platform period, while the company as the leader of the business is better than the industry or slightly ahead of expectations, and we expect a slight fall in q1 and a marked improvement in q2, and we expect that the company's product plate business will be almost equal throughout the year, with the increase coming mainly from cross-country Euro-American brands and overseas export breakthroughs.
The MES + Estom team have combined sales revenue of $276 million, a 20 per cent increase over the same period, with Estom maintaining stability, a faster growth in the overall power focus process and system solutions, and a 30 per cent drop in the previous six months of the Estoms, but with a stock order of over 1 billion, potentially large,
In the first half of the year, there were 560 million new orders, 50 million confirmed revenue orders, and 1.03 billion final stock orders, as the order cycle was longer, with a 30 per cent drop in income of 48 million in the first half of the year, and about 13 million lost in the first half of the latitude, but there was a marked increase in new orders at the end of last year, and markets outside Suzhou continued to break.
On the other hand, according to the investor's performance commitment, at least one more complete order in Shenzhen, non-Suzhou, is expected to be received in 18 years, and Suzhou's recent track is approved by the National Commission for the Revision of Lines 6, 7, 8 and s1 with a construction planning period of 2018-2023.
The Division now has a strong and potentially large order in the Suzhou region, and is expected to achieve better growth and profitability in the next few years. There will be some improvement in the second half of the year, with a slight decline in the Māori rate for new energy operations.
By fraction, we expect that the single elevator will have a higher price pressure and a slightly lower general frequency. By fraction, we expect a greater reduction in the utility server ratio due to, among other things, the appliance of electrical products. General server revenue includes operations such as plc&hmi, robotic control systems, industrial Internet, mainly the original product structure.
The Māori ratio has improved, and the product structure and large client concessions have declined in the second half of last year, so the full strategic outreach is expected to continue building blocks. The pre-Henzhen Central European M & A fund for industrial mergers and acquisitions continues to grow.
The company was established in 2016, and its overseas investment efforts continued, increasing to 800 million in April 2018; now that the company has actually contributed $440 million, the fund has successfully invested in one enterprise, and there are two companies that have reached their investment intentions: the Fund for Investment in Innovation Industries in Recruitment was established in 2015 and the company has offered to pay.
The Fund has agreed, through its Investment Decision Council, to invest a total of five projects, mainly in smart manufacturing-related areas. Companies will take advantage of the industry background and advantages of the public sector to tap into high-quality enterprises in the company’s industrial chain, both upstream and downstream, and to obtain investment opportunities.
▪ Management and sales cost rates decreased by 0.77 and 0.71 percentage points, respectively, but non-recurring gains and losses and VAT refunds and some human resources costs, while equity incentive costs fell by 72 per cent over the same period, company R & D staff during the first half of the year, and the overall management costs grew from 800 to about 1,000 people throughout the year, but the overall management costs grew slower than the revenue gains.
In addition, non-current gains and losses have affected profits, amounting to $38 million in the first half of the year, and a significant decline in net profits compared to $64 million in the same period last year, mainly because the company confirmed Eaststone's compensation of $14.53 million as a result of performance commitments in the second quarter of last year, and demolition compensation is expected to be around $10 million.
Last year was 127 million, directly linked to income, compared to a high rate last year: raw materials in inventories and a significant increase in products were pre-positioned mainly in the second half of the year, and cash flows and turnover remained relatively high. Cash flows from 2018h1 operations went from net inflows of 236 million to net outflows of 135 million yuan during the same period last year, mainly in the form of net outflows of 135 million yuan.
This was due to an increase in the maturity of loans from suppliers settled on draft bills during the reporting period, an increase in expenditures related to employee remuneration benefits, and a 17.61 per cent increase in cash received from sales goods of $1.924 billion. The advance of $295 million at the end of the reporting period, a 27 per cent increase in the same year, and a significant increase in raw materials and in products, mainly due to an increase in the number of new energy car orders and partial material.
Tension, the result of the company’s initiative. Investment proposal: The company’s competitive power in industrial automation and its multi-product multi-industry strategy will continue to grow better this year at the macro level, and it is hoped that this year will emerge from abb/Simenko.
(b) In the area of new energy vehicles, the company's huge investment in cars has made better progress in the direction of the vehicles, accelerating first-line targeting and full-scale lifting, and the world's top three electrical targets can be expected, and we look forward to the company's smart-making + electric car "double king" project.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board