Performance forecast meets expectations, general automation and electric vehicle industry 15/07 2018 Research Assistant Zhang Moon
The company’s business goal in 2018 was to increase revenue on a par with the right. 3) The executive and track boards, the elevators as one and the decorators as a whole continue to grow robustly, the rights of minority shareholders, and the integration of layout intelligence.
2 Hitchuan Technology Review: A slight decrease in the combined Māori rate in the first half of the year, a slight decrease in the same rate, a significant non-operational gain or loss, a sustained dynamic of intelligent manufacturing, and a car electron output.
Reductions and software tax refunds have reduced net profits.
The median growth rate of 25% and the non-net profit increase of 21.94% in a quarter is the same as expected. The company’s manufacturing pmi in the first half of 2018 continued to be above the radiant line, at 51.3-51.9 levels, except for the spring festival in February, and slightly lower in June, the manufacturing sector remained relatively high.
Growth is faster than average, general variation frequency is slightly slower than average, income recognition is expected to slow growth in the oem market in June, eu market companies are continuing high growth through product hard power, and overall, we expect orders to grow at a high rate of over 40 per cent in the first half of the year, and eu has a longer order cycle than the oem cycle.
In part, income growth is slower than the growth of orders. The combined strength of the GFMV is greater than that of abb\Simen, moving through the main industries of metallurgy, textiles, etc., and serving the main sectors of 3c, lithium, food, packaging, etc., with the potential for future growth, and we expect the GFMV to reach 5 billion by 2020.
The industrial robotic plate, the precise location of the Sinkuan complex 3c+scara, the core competitiveness of the servers and controllers is high, with an expected 4,000-5,000 deliveries per year, a doubling of revenue and a gradual growth into one or two industrial machines in the country, and in the area of software, which now covers more than 50 industries since the company launched the Sinkuan Industrial Cloud 1.0 in September 2017.
More than 500 clients (about 80-100 in the Hong Kong SAR) with access to nearly 170,000 devices, in elevators, air-pressure machines, in the 1 million-plus equipment per year, 100-plus industries, moving from industrial controls to smart manufacturing, with high growth in passenger traffic control in the first half of the year and a smooth progress in the next half of the year with the power of the logistics engine, all of which is in progress.
With some cooperation, according to the energy-saving network data 201H1, 2017h2, 2018h1 electric passenger vehicles sold at 2818, 21707, 9184, with an increase of 226 per cent in 2018 and a target of over 27,000 vehicles in 2018, a 10-20 per cent drop in the price of passenger cars in the past year and this year, which is slightly higher this year than last year, when passenger traffic is expected to remain flat.
2) In the case of logistics vehicles, there are very few interim sales, and we expect very few orders from companies in the first half of the year, and we are about to launch a second generation of integrated electrical control products, which last year was 20 per cent in the city, which is expected to be released significantly in the second half of the year, and the company’s share in the manufacturing of powered vehicles has had a positive effect, and there are fixed points and models for sale in the country, as well as large foreign Euro-American automobiles.
To visit the company, through the three major certifications of the public system, we expect the volume to continue to grow steadily this year, with tens of millions of lifts and plastics waiting to be installed, and more high-growth periods in the future. 1) The first half of the year of the single operation, we expect an increase in the number of digits of revenues, with a slight decline in the first quarter and a slight improvement in the second quarter.
In turn, the country's product plate business is largely flat, with increases mainly from foreign brands and export breakthroughs, and we expect both to continue with the breakthroughs, the domestic market demand for security, and the elevator one-stop operation to maintain a long-term single-digit growth. (ii) Four19 million orders are signed on line 5 in Suzhou on a quarterly basis, owing to the long duration of the orders and the projected lower income in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the combined Māori rate declined slightly, the cost rate fell slightly in the same year, the non-operational gains and benefits were significantly reduced, and software became available.
The company’s combined Māori rate declined slightly in the first half of the year, and we expect it to be due to a similar decline in the price of power from new sources of cars, a decline in Māori rates as a result of the increase in the number of machine-in-one elevators, a slight decline in Māori rates as well as in the use of servers and general change frequency due to product structure and large customer discounts. On the cost side, the company continues to expand.
Automobile e-R & D team, increased R & D investment, expanded from 800 to about 1,000 in 2018, with a significant increase in R & D costs on a year-on-year basis, but overall management costs grew slower than revenues, marketing costs grew significantly slower than revenues, and sales and management costs decreased.
In the second quarter, the company confirmed Istton’s performance commitment compensation of $14.53 million, demolition compensation of approximately $10 million, the impact of the non-recurring gains and losses on the company’s net profits in the first half of last year amounted to $6,435.2 million, while in the first half of this year, there were no Istuns and a few hundred million of them, a high base, and the normal synchronization should be consistent with income growth and have a significant impact on net profit growth.
• Investment proposal: we're looking at the corporate smart-making + electric car “double king” target, with a projected net profit for 18-20.