The performance forecast meets expectations, and the industry and the new energy industry drive fast growth by clicking here to enter text. The industry is still high, and the company benefits significantly as a leader:
Our “demographic dividend” has faded, our labour force has decreased, the labour cost has risen, forcing the country to self-motivate, and the “engineer dividend” has been passed on to help the process of industrial intelligence. The need for “doubtization” will drive the country’s industrial and regulatory industries to continue to be high. In June 2018, our pmi index was 51.4%.
After 23 months of standing above the boom line, the manufacturing industry added value indicators are good, and companies, as industry leaders, with solid technology and up-to-down customization services, have a stable market position, are replacing foreign brands in a number of markets, with a high profile in the industry, and companies as dragons.
In recent years, the company has invested heavily in new-energy motor power systems, and in the bus and logistics industry.
For leading companies, the cumulative production of Utunbuses bound to the company in the first half of 2018 was 25.5 million, an increase of 17 per cent over the previous year, and the cumulative production of 146,000 new special-purpose vehicles in January-May 2018, a rise of 138 per cent over the same period, based on data from the electric car resource network; the multiplier was more than one company in 2017.
The model, which has also been certified by the general public, we believe that the company is expected to continue breaking more cars in 2018, with a certain amount of use. So the company will heat back with a new energy bus in 2018.
The fast-tracking and gradual deployment of vehicles will maintain high growth in the new power generation and power control business. The "performance report" meets expectations, and the new energy business is to maintain a “strongly recommended” rating of the firm’s business plates:
Highlights: 2018-02-26, "Automated plates are growing dramatically, new energy cars are driving and companies are well positioned to become large market-market companies in the future, maintaining a "highly recommended" rating.
" Gathering Opportunities, Worthy " , 2017-10-13