The performance met expectations, and the rate of industrial control continued to rise, with bulk sales of vehicle products starting to be made - semi-annually reported by the company, which issued a semi-annual report of 2,473 million yuan, an increase of 27.66 per cent over the reporting period.
The net profit of the mother is now 496 million yuan, an increase of 15.72 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the mother is 458 million yuan in the same year, the net profit of the mother is 300 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 16.91 per cent in the same year, an increase of 53 per cent in the ring, an increase of 28.16 per cent in the corresponding year, an increase in the market share of the Quest, a faster increase in general automation, a steady increase in the operation of electric fluids and elevators:
During the reporting period, companies continued to deepen their capacity for integrated solutions, with products such as general frequency transformers, universal server systems, plc, etc. growing faster at the end of traditional equipment manufacturing, new equipment manufacturing, end-user (eu) projects. Product markets continued to increase, with sales revenue of $1,181 million, a year-on-year increase.
Twenty-nine per cent. As a result of the company ' s technological advancement, enhanced marketing capacity and upgrading of custom services, the company ' s elevator integration industry achieved $552 million in sales, an increase of 8.57 per cent compared to the previous year, and continued to consolidate its leading position; the electric fluids service operation began bulk sales and the new energy vehicle business grew rapidly:
The new energy block of 2018h1 generated $285 million, an increase of 96 per cent. The new energy bus company strengthened its cost controls to deal with the effects of the fall in subsidies; the logistics car company continued to build high-value, integrated, lightly quantified products, and the t-box product became bulk-loaded in the country as a result of the adjustment in subsidy policy.
The reason for this is that the company's revenue from the sale of new energy logistics vehicles has been lower than expected, but it has also increased faster than in the same year;
" Industry-controlled operations continue to rise, new energy sources are being sold in bulk or part of the targeted vehicles are going to enter the reporting period, and new energy is being expanded rapidly. "
• Take a good look at the company's industrial leadership, the start of new energy use vehicles and the maintenance of a “very recommended” rating: “Performance reports meet expectations, the new energy business is a weak corporate control lead, the new energy source is beginning to release, and the “very recommended” rating is maintained.
Automotive plates are growing dramatically, new power cars are driving.