The expected performance, the high-speed performance of the new energy vehicle operations, the high-speed growth of the new energy vehicle operations, and the convergence of several major Division operations, with a large number of flowering, have resulted in an orderly expansion and sustained rapid growth.
The company’s new energy automobile business has grown at a high rate by nearly double the year it grew. The new energy car block's performance broke out and became a bright spot.
Ninety-six per cent of new energy cars sell much more than expected. The increase in revenue is mainly due to passenger cars, in part to the fact that major bus manufacturers take up pre-subsidies. For domestic passenger car customers, companies use power control, power supply, power-generation products as entry points, focus on core customers and valuable projects, and try to target and achieve approval.
For international passenger car customers, using power sources, power-controlled components as a breakout point, using Chinese stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months), supply chains and rapid response advantages, and looking for project opportunities. Companies are developing a third generation of power generation products.
The big orders for the plate are in hand and strongly support the continued expansion in the future. In the case of the track orders, the company continued to obtain them during the reporting period.
The purchase order for the Trailing Project, with an order of $419.7 million, the winning bid for the Trailer Project in Beijing, with an order of approximately $58 million, and the winning bid for the first phase of the first phase of line 2 and the second phase of the Trailing System, with an estimated purchase value of about $254 million. As of the first half of 2018, the order for the Tracks was approximately $254 million.
Some $1 billion in hand orders, which are now confirmed to be delivered centrally in hand orders for 2019-2021, coupled with a surge in domestic rail market demand, a huge market space that ensures a steady flow of general automation operations and expansion into industry.
As a core business section of the company, general automated business realized sales revenue in the first half of 2018, and the company's policy of acquiring assets by issuing shares to acquire 49 per cent of the shares and raising the shareholding rate of the subsidiaries of the company, mainly in the production of plc/hmi products, was reflected in the company's policy towards the company.
The process of industrial automation is moving fast in our country, the process of national succession is urgent, and the market space is huge. As a small group of firms with core technology and R&D capabilities, companies will have a higher future of municipal ownership.
In the first half of 2018, corporate R & D costs amounted to 14.01 per cent of revenue, reaching $346 million, and higher-level enterprises, with an emphasis on R & D as a source of life for enterprises.
The Division has been active in developing overseas markets, global distribution networks, multi-business giants, seeking high-quality investment opportunities, and positive corporate growth in the future. Downstream demand for smart manufacturing has slowed, affecting the growth of corporate general-purpose business; new-energy automobile sales have fallen short of expectations.
The author, who has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.