Reported performance in line with expectations, new energy vehicles performed brightly - semi-annual report on the evaluation of Hitchuan technology (300124) Revenue from sales of general automation operations during the reporting period was $1,181 million, 29 per cent more than the same period; elevator integration
Revenue from sales was $552 million, an increase of 8.57 per cent over the same period. Revenue from the electric fluids server was $276 million.
The company has developed a multi-product integrated solution through a comprehensive layout of generic automation products, and has become a leader in replacing the emerging equipment manufacturing industry with a growing market share in the traditional manufacturing sector.
The company has a leading position in core engineering technology, and its performance will increase steadily, driven by a sustained recovery in the manufacturing industry. Consolidating the leading role of the elevator industry, with the electric fluid service industry growing: the elevator industry from 2015
After entering the platform period, companies focused on increasing the branding and municipalization of multinational enterprises, further consolidating industry leadership. By focusing on large clients, increasing the efficiency of electrical appliance, the company’s utility services grew faster in the reporting period.
Revenues of $552 million, or 8.57 per cent more than the previous year; revenues from the electric fluids service business of $276 million, compared to the new energy car market that erupted and led to market growth by car: companies actively responded to the adverse effects of subsidy policy adjustments through technology development and cost control, with new energy vehicles each
During the reporting period, bulk sales were achieved for the spotted vehicle segment of the vehicle market, which is expected to lead the market into a high-growth period in the future. During the reporting period, companies achieved $285 million in revenue from new energy vehicles, an increase of 96%.
The third generation of power generation products is expected to be marketed by the end of the year, accompanied by the outbreak of future passenger vehicle markets, with risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations impacting insufficient downstream demand; new energy vehicles are not growing as expected; new energy subsidies are downside and technological thresholds are raised, leading to the transfer of the entire downstream plant upstream.
Costs, increased industry competition; price volatility of raw materials, affecting the Māori ratio of products.