The new energy and track transfer industry is back on the road.
China's spare parts update report for the new energy passenger vehicle industry has affected the company's performance last year, but we expect China's industrial industry to grow in 2018.
The situation is expected to continue, and the company’s industrial self-employment industry is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, with the same track running into a concentrated target price of cny 32.55 (+5.7%) and the general stockholders (millions):
Market value (million yuan): 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price (dollar): source: bloomberg, philipsecurieshongkongresearch
Revenues are growing fast, clean and stable, and the positive situation is continuing.
Between 13.8% and $1.060 billion, with an eps 0.64 performance slightly lower than we expected, mainly due to changes in the structure of the new energy bus market, increased competition in the market and higher prices for some raw materials. The cost of the period rose by 2.3 percentage points, mainly due to increased development and construction of new businesses.
In the first quarter of 2018, corporate revenues increased by 24.7% to 975 million yuan, and equity gains by 13.9% to 196.5 million yuan, representing an increase of 0.12 yuan. With respect to Maori, the company continued to introduce a high Māori rate of new products and industry depth solutions to maintain the Māori ratio of its products.
Steady, the decline in the Māori rate was reduced to a percentage point of 45.54 per cent.
In terms of product structure, the performance of companies varies from one industry to another: according to the industrial network, China ' s industrial self-inflicted market in 2017 grew by 16.5 per cent on the same scale, with channel changers (+8651699400-103)
More than 25%. From the structural restoration of the Chinese design industry and the project-type market, the company ' s industrial self-employment industry achieved high-quality market performance in 2017, thanks to excellent solutions and brand influence, with a 34-86-96-per cent increase in the rate of harvests of the variants/serve/control technologies in 2017, and a similar increase in the Māori rate -
In 2017, the world's robotics industry grew rapidly, with industry and market space expanding, with 136,000 industrial robots sold in China, up to 60% of the same amount. The company's industrial robotics have already been sold in bulk in mobile phones, etc.
We expect that China’s industrial industry will continue to grow in 2018, when we believe that the potential of Chinese industrial robots to use the market is moving into a fast-release phase, with industrial robots at the same level in 2018.
With 40% growth, the company’s industrial self-employment is expected to continue to grow rapidly. In 2017, the company’s new signing order for the smart suit, the Robots, reached $4.56 billion, an increase of 43.4 per cent, and in the first quarter of 2018, the company signed a new contract of $1,158 million, an increase of 29.7 per cent.
The company's new energy and track service, whose revenue fell by 6 per cent in 2017, and its Maori rate by 8 percentage points, largely as a result of the adjustment of the new energy bus supplementation policy, which led to a sharp decline in China's new energy bus market in 2017.
14%. The company’s new energy passenger vehicle revenues are now falling by 7.4% because of the major client’s sales, but the company’s new energy logistics car service has started to sell in bulk, offsetting some of the negative effects. We anticipate that with the end of the replenishment policy, the new energy passenger vehicle service in the country will be out of the ground and new talent.
Due to the period of construction and revenue confirmation of the subway project, the company's track traffic firm only confirmed its revenue of $100 million in 2017, a 56% drop from the previous year. The company is now over 1.3 billion on the track, with the delivery of the contract.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
New business progress is lower than expected.
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommunicationsdirectlylyontheabovequantitattiverternbands. Weconsistententativefactorslike (butnotmited to) astock'sriskrewardprofil, marketsentation, recentrateofsharepriceationation, presenceorabsenceofstockpricedatalysts, and
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
This publicity shouldn'tbelleduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject toothericipit'sowninsideversionandexerciseof judgment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, wouldappropriate.anydiscussionofotheriscontainhereinwithpetacttoanyproductsoouldnotcontonsideredtobeadisloscaureofallrissora completediscussionofsuchrisks.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's like I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
This post is part of our special coverage Africa.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
phillipsecuritiespted phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower,
b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, chuo-ku no.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450 kualumpur
Indonesia china india
philipsecuritiesindonesia phillipfinncialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd. philipcapital (india) privatized
Anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thloor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand
75008parisfrance london, ec4n6as unted states
I don't know what you're talking about.
phillipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritiesmitted level10,330collinsstreet
Quevel4, mileniumhouse, 46/58 naavammawatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka
Chicago, il6004usa longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
11/Unitedcentre95queenswayhongkong