The company reported an increase of 15.72% in profits over the same period in 2018.
In the first half of the year, profits grew by 15.72% over the same year, which is what they were expected to be. In mid-2018, the company reported that it had achieved a 15.72% increase in the same year, corresponding to an eps of 0.30 yuan.
General automation and liquids servers have been growing faster. Companies have seized on opportunities for structural growth in manufacturing in the first half of the year, with products such as general frequency transformers, universal server systems, plc, etc. growing faster in traditional equipment manufacturing, emerging equipment manufacturing, end-user projects.
In addition, the company ' s electric fluid service continued to grow steadily in the general hydraulics and plastics industry, with faster growth in the full-power respirators and oil voltage industry, with sales revenue of $276 million in the first half of the year increasing by 20 per cent.
With regard to new energy vehicles, the company has accelerated the development of a new generation of passenger vehicle integration controllers in parallel with the change in the pace of subsidies, allowing for the bulk sale of logistics vehicles for high-speed single-barrel platforms, while at the same time allowing for the bulk sale of part of the vehicles in fixed-point vehicles.
In the first half of the year, the subsidiaries were in the mid-latitudes of line 5 of the Suzhou subway, and in Beijing they also had trams and 2 of the Guiyang subway, with a total order of about $7-750 million.
Together with earlier winning projects, such as Ningbo subway, we expect that, as the projects in hand advance, the company’s track performance will be gradually released. The manufacturing landscape is not as strong as expected; the price of new-energy automobiles has dropped more than expected.
Taking into account good business trends, such as general automation of companies, and overall profitability in the short term, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Lee Colleen.