The performance forecast is largely in line with expectations, and the potential for general automation operations is in the hands of Xu Hao (Research Assistant)
This was in line with our expectations. The operation of the new energy vehicle controller, which benefited mainly from the new energy car controllers and general automation products, continued to grow rapidly in the first half of the year, but in the second half of the year, after the robbery, it increased at a rate that, according to the China Bus Statistics Information Network data, 30 priority new energy bus businesses were operating in January-May 2018.
The significant annual growth in the sale of new energy buses continues to boost the company ' s new energy vehicle controller operations, but we have observed that Utun achieved 6 metres or more of new energy bus sales in May 2018 as high as 5038 vehicles, a significant increase of 1412.91 per cent, with heavy pre-subsidization marks, but on June 12th.
After the formal downward adjustment of subsidies, the overall rate of sales of new energy buses declined considerably in June. We believe that, with the kick-off effect released, the rate of growth of new energy buses will return to normal levels in the second half of 2018, and the rate of growth in the company’s new energy vehicle control operations in the second half of the year will focus more on reliance on logistics vehicles.
General automated product sales continue to grow steadily, and this is the company’s core investment logic for the medium and long term. In the first half of 2018, corporate sales of generic automated products, represented by low-pressure transformers and servers, continued to grow steadily.
Inner and upper-end markets continue to be dominated by offshore companies like abb, Siemens, and low-end competition agencies are fragmented. With the second meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Commission’s positioning of “key core technology is the country’s most important instrument,” we believe that an increase in the market share of corporate general automation products would be a general event.
On the basis of the 45 per cent acquisition of the Jiangsu transfer machine and the increase in the shareholding rate to 100 per cent in the previous period, the company announced on 27 June 2018 that it would purchase assets by issuing shares.
We believe that the company’s recent drive to raise the share ratio of its subsidiaries will further strengthen synergies with the company’s existing major generic automation products. The track trade continues to harvest orders, and Jiangsu is on a fast-paced track at the latitude.
This year, Jiangsu's affiliate, a company that runs the company's track, has made a series of major orders based on the Su State subway, which now amount to around $1.3 billion. Meanwhile, in June, the company announced that it would raise $37.5 million in its own funds to Jiangsu, and that the company would hold back Jiangsu's latitude after the replenishment was completed.
Table 1: Status of Jiangsu ' s current main orders at the longitude of the company ' s current general automation operations, the return of the new energy vehicle controller operations and the continued release of the track orders from the company ' s product series are not as fast as expected; the new energy vehicle subsidy is being adjusted over time; the economic slowdown has affected the company ' s general automation product industry.
Performance; delivery of new orders and implementation of existing orders less than expected.
Appendix: Company Financial Forecast Table: Canton International Finance Center, 5 Guangzhou West Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, 4th Floor