Events: On 31 October, the company issued its third-quarter report for 2018, in which it realized business income of $194,084 million, an increase of 6.33 per cent over the reporting period; total profit realization, in the third quarter of 2018, the company realized operating income of $6,6704 million, an increase of 7.56 per cent over the same period, an increase of 3.58 per cent over the same period; total profit of $19,288 million, an increase of 5.84 per cent over the same period, an increase of 0.55 per cent over the same period; net profit of $12,301 million, an increase of 8.53 per cent over the same period, an increase of 8.44 per cent over the same period; net cash flow from operating activities, a decrease of $35,885 million over the same period
\triangleright commodity coal sales and prices increased and companies improved their performance in the third quarter of the year. In the first three quarters of 2018, companies achieved 220 million tons of commercial coal production, a 0.6 per cent decline in the same year, 340 million tons in coal sales, a 3.6 per cent increase in the same year; and parity was achieved.
Average coal sales price was 431/tonne, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the same year, of which 320 million tons were produced and purchased, an increase of 3.4 per cent over the same year, and 14 million tons of domestic trade, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the same year, and 2.5 million tons of imported coal sales, an increase of 316.7 per cent over the same year; 1.5 million tons of export sales, a decrease of 16.7 per cent over the same year;
The sales of 2 million tons, a decrease of 51.2 per cent over the same period, benefited from higher sales and prices of coal, improved profits from corporate coal operations, 15.703 billion yuan in real corporate coal portfolios in the previous three quarters, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the previous three quarters, business costs of 10.0809 billion yuan, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period, the Māori rate of 28.5 per cent, a decrease of 1.4 percentage points from the first three quarters of 2017, and a small decline in corporate Māori rates, mainly on three fronts, as a result of continued strong demand in the coal market and the sale of coal from outside companies.
The same increase in the number of Chaoji Research Assistants and the faster cost of out-coal purchases resulted in higher overall company costs; the second was higher corporate wages compared to the same period in the previous year; the third was the increase in the amount of coal raw materials, fuel and power generated by the company's open-air coal mines in the interior of the country to resume production. On the other hand, the company ceased production in August 17 years.
Re-initiation of production at the Urussou open-air mine, gradual return to normal sales of company coal production, declining cost maintenance, and recovery of coal plate profitability, G.S. 20180827 (601088) semi-annual 2018 report: strong performance of integration poles and strong future scores of company cash flows
The increase in the number of hours sold and generated by electricity continued, benefiting from higher electricity prices, and the increase in the Māori rate of the company ' s power plate continued.
In the first three quarters of 2018, affected by a growth rate of 8.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the cumulative electricity use of society as a whole, combined with a weak rate of increase in hydroelectricity, the national increase in electricity generation from fire and electrical equipment was reduced by 2018.5.3 Sunda Securities Inc.
By September 2018, the company had a total installed capacity of 60469 megawatts, an increase of 264 megawatts from the end of 17 years; of which: the total installed capacity of coal-fired generators, cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of 9 Townstown West, Beijing
55984 MW, or 96.77% of the company's total installed capacity. The company's coal-fired unit used an average of 3684 hours, an increase of 214 hours from the previous year, or 6.17%, or 408 hours more than the national average of 3276 hours from fire-fired power equipment. When the company achieved a combined price of 315 yuan/megawatts in the previous three quarters, the increase was 1.6% over the same period; the average cost of electricity sold in the power-generating division was 253.7 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 1.4% from the same time, mainly due to increased spreads of electricity.
Fixed costs such as labour, depreciation, etc. The first three quarters of the year saw an increase of 65.278 billion yuan in operating revenue from the company ' s power plate, representing an increase of 11.4 per cent over the previous quarter, and 51.112 billion yuan in operating costs, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the same period, and a rise of 21.9 per cent in the Maori rate, compared with 3.4 percentage points over the same period in 2017. The company ' s rate of gross domestic product from the power plate increased faster and further increased profitability.
With regard to railways: the company ' s own rail transport turnover of 211.4 billion tons in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the previous quarter, benefited from the increase in rail transport turnover, while the public sector ' s railway portfolio generated business income of $29,191 million, representing an increase of 4.4 per cent over the same period in 2017, representing an increase of $11,116 million in operating costs, or 6.5 per cent over the same period.
The increase in rail transport turnover and the increase in the rate of external locomotives has led to an increase in the combined freight rate, which is 61.9 per cent less than the 0.8 percentage points recorded in the last three quarters of 17 years, while the profitability of the company ' s rail transport services remains relatively high and the Maori rate is higher. In ports: 199 million tons of coal were fed in the company ' s ports in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 1.7 per cent compared to the same period, with 143 million tons of coal being fed through the port of Huang Yu, an increase of 4.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and more than 34 million tons of coal being fed through the Shinhua Tianjin terminal.
The shipping branch: benefited from higher maritime prices and increased shipping turnover in the first three quarters of 2018 - 12.1 per cent more than the previous three quarters - an increase of $3.037 billion, or 31.9 per cent more than the previous three quarters, representing an increase of $2.310 billion in operating costs, an increase of 31.8 per cent compared to 23.9 per cent compared to the previous three quarters of 17 years. We expect the future growth of the coal industry to be accompanied by steady growth in the company ' s transport operations.
In the first three quarters of 18 years, the net cash flow of companies declined by 19.08 per cent.
The reason for this is the decline in savings absorbed by the Tsang Finance Corporation and the increase in taxes and charges paid by the company for out-coaling and coal combustion in power plants, income tax, etc. compared to the same period the previous year, which resulted in a decrease of 18 per cent in net cash flows from operating activities following the impact of the Tsang Finance Corporation. As of the first three quarters of 18 years, the corporate asset liability rate was 33.06 per cent, a decrease of 0.88 percentage points from the end of 17 years, a lower level of corporate asset liability, a reasonable liability structure, a continuous high cost of co-coal and a profit for the company.
Profit predictions and ratings: All assets related to the assets subject to the company’s dealings with the national electricity and electricity company are divided into assets held for sale, resulting in a decline of 21.71% in the fixed assets of the company in three quarters over the same period, as the company has not yet published the details, and we temporarily ignore the impact of the transfer of that portion of the assets on the company’s performance. In the broader context of my tremors, the synergies between the company’s coal and transport plates are gradually becoming apparent, and the company’s profitability will be significantly increased, maintaining the company’s “growth” rating.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected macroeconomics, higher-than-anticipated coal prices, and safety implications of corporate mining.The company reports financial data on the front pages of the carbon, gas and industrial chains, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light vehicle quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering of the China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering of the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management of the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.