(a) The reduction in the cost of production in part of the mine, and the reduction in the price of compressed profit space to raise the level of Maori in the power plate, China ' s godship ' s net profit fell by 1 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the 18th quarter of the year, an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 35.278 billion yuan attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, a decrease of 1.0 per cent in the same year;
The reduction in the cost of reduced profits in part of the mine and the increase in the Māori level of the power plate in part during the first three quarters affected the production of self-produced coal and the increase in the margin of compressed profits in the out-sourcing of coal. The overall Māori ratio of the Department fell by 0.20 pct to 41.49 per cent, while the overall cost of the company fell by 0.27 pct at net interest rates.
Increasing corporate profitability, the continued effects of integrated coal, power generation, logistics, coal industry whole-chain operations, and the synergies will continue to enhance corporate efficiency and industry competitiveness. Million tons, +3.6 per cent; average sales price of coal, 431/ton, +2.1 per cent as a result of the company's Bozil,
Halusol open-air mines have temporarily ceased or reduced coal production, companies have reduced their own coal production by 0.6 to 220 million tons, their own coal production has declined, extra coal purchases have increased, and open-air mines, such as Harusol, have increased their excavated materials, increasing corporate profit space. Coal costs are $111 per ton, +3.9 per cent; and the Maori rate has dropped by 1.4 pct
This increase, coupled with a policy-level shift to lower coal prices and a reduction in the cost of post-coal generation units, resulted in an increase in Māori by 3.4 pct to 21.9 per cent. Transport operations and coal industry operations: coal shipments and sea freight prices increased on a year-to-year basis during the reporting period, railway turnover
+2.8 per cent, income + 4.4 per cent, Māori reduced 0.8 pct; Port watered coal volume + 1.7 per cent, income + 8.1 per cent, Māori level for the same period. Coalification, polyethylene sales - 4.9 per cent, polypropene sales - 7.1 per cent.
As the largest coal company in the country, Senghua has integrated the whole industry chain layout on the 5th floor of the Urban Gate of Coal, Power Generation, Ports, Shipping, Coal Industries, and Transport, which has become the three pillars of company performance.
Companies have a cost advantage, have an integrated operating advantage and scale effect in the industry, and significantly enhance the public sector’s ability to withstand cyclical fluctuations and risks. In the broader context of supply-side reforms, advanced production can accelerate replacements, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from the policy benefits of advanced energy release, further consolidating the god.
The leading role in the coal industry. Corporate equity policies are stable, valuations are relatively low, state-owned reforms are continuing, and there is a long-term interest in the coal plate.
Fig. 1: I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance: (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.