\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
This is an increase of 1.08 per cent, and the sale of commodities amounts to 3,714 million tons, or 3.81 per cent. The company's “100 million” product was sold 18,764,000 tons, with sales of silicon steel increasing by 10.6 per cent on the same basis, and cold-rolled cars were more powerful.
Steel sales grew by 10.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and new energy vehicles sold unattended silicon steel by 61.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The net return profit of Zhang Construction, 32022q3, has declined significantly over the same period of time, mainly because of the continued downturn in the main business due to the spread of steel purchases.
\triangleright \triangleright
The company has continued its efforts to optimize the coal distribution structure, the procurement downside targets, the breakdown of production costs and cost control, which have resulted in cumulative cost reductions of $8.476 billion in the last three quarters.
The company’s productive capacity continues to increase, and the product structure continues to optimize. 1) The new three-high furnace system project at Dongshan Base is now on the move, with a view to the construction of a steel-based steel-based steel-based steel-boiling system by its subsidiary, Chanjiang Steel.
Launched at the end of 2023; 2) Project for Structural Optimization of Silicon Products at the Bosan Base is in the process of installation of equipment, which is expected to further increase the proportion of high branded Silicon Steels at the end of 2023; 3) Completion of steel products from the Quantities Mountain Base at the end of each quarter of the year: down sales with higher costs, q
Construction of an optimized production capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year 2-high line. Investment proposal: the flagship scale effect is significant, while the product structure is expected to be further optimized, and we expect \triangleright \triangleright
9x, 7x, and 6x of daily round-up prices, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.