Performance rating for 2022q3: reduced margin of purchase and sale, performance pressure Wang Chinyan, research assistant incident: company announcement, 2022q3 revenue of $94.6 billion, a 4 per cent increase;
Mother-to-child net profit is 1.67 billion yuan, a 74 per cent decline in the same year. The difference between the purchase and sale of  has been reduced, with performance pressure: the net profit ring of company q3 has fallen by 59 per cent. The reason is that the global economy has continued to weaken.
Industry demand has declined, the steel market has generally been characterized by weak demand and low-expected performance; corporate purchases have been reduced, resulting in a fall in corporate profits: 2022q3 Shanghai heat rolls, iron ore and power coal prices have increased significantly in the sale of fists: companies have been solidly pushing ahead with the "10000" differentiated product strategy.
The sale of “100000 million” products in the third quarter was 18.764 million tons, with sales of silicon steel increasing by 10.6 per cent on the same date, sales of hard steel with cold-roll cars by 10.8 per cent on the same date, sales of new energy vehicles without access to silicon steel by 61.3 per cent on the same date, and company profits of tons of steel in the first three quarters being among the highest in the industry.
Operating cash flow controls are good: 2022q1-3, with a cash flow of 29.2 billion yuan, or 124 per cent of the cash. Operating funds contribute 5.5 billion yuan, of which inventory. Capital occupancy has largely returned to the level of the beginning of the year, and operating receivables have decreased by 6.4 billion yuan compared to the beginning of the year.
▪ Efficiency and technological innovation have continued to advance. Companies have deepened their overall bid-dealing efforts, with cumulative cost reductions of $8.476 billion in the previous three quarters. Fourteen landmark technological breakthroughs, such as “high-fibre-utilization factor production techniques”, have been achieved in the last three quarters, resulting in 24 industry-based integrated material solutions around a wide range of industries;
Active promotion of new products, foreign patenting of new technologies and pilot project on intellectual property rights for priority products.
Assessment: Weak demand performance, surplus production, steel industry: focus on demand recovery. Poor demand performance due to falling real estate start-up, recurrent outbreaks around the country; falling steel prices and persistently high costs have led to a higher average Māori in the industry.
Low level. The seasonal season of the Golden 9x10 is becoming less intense, and the demand is now largely supported by late-end work and a reserve of needs; supply and demand are both weak and still need to follow up more closely on steel downstream demand.
Quarterly review: Cost escalation performance pressure, three major financial forecasts for Treasure Steel shares.