3-quarter review 2022: Industry pressure, company differential advantage highlighted.
Faced with falling demand in the iron and steel sector, high prices of raw ingredients, the adverse situation of a sharp deterioration in the profitability of the industry, companies have embarked on a full-blown “war crisis, first-class” initiative, maximizing product advantage, deepening cost cuts, and showing outstanding performance in the first three quarters.
The company achieved a gross operating income of $27,91999 million, an increase of 1.63 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $9,464 million, a decrease of 56.17 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter of the quarter, the company achieved an increase in total operating income, an increase in output and an improvement in its structure.
The maximum price/minimum price of 52 weeks is 3,715,000 tons of steel in the third quarter, an increase of 4.27 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter of a single season, it was clearly proposed in last year's policy that the first step would be 80 million tons and the second step 100 million tons.
In the case of differentiated products, 18,764,000 tons of “100 million” products were sold in the previous three quarters, with sales of silicon steel increasing by 10.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sales of cold-rolled cars by 10.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and sales of new energy vehicles with no access to silicon steel increasing by 61.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a strong competitive advantage.
The company maintains a long-term pattern of poor targeting, with the potential to cut deep costs around efficiency drops, logistics drops, energy drops, spot drops, and control costs drops, with accumulated costs reduced by $8.476 billion in the previous three quarters and costs constructed to protect the city.
General steel demand is under pressure, high-plate silicon. National Standard Energy Efficiency Limits and Energy Efficiency. Stockholdings (600019.sh) and mid-2022: Accelerated Development of Core Products, Level (gb20052-2020) was officially implemented in June 2021, with replacement updates for energy-saving transformers.
Demand has risen significantly; the build-up of new energy generation matches the transformer’s needs, with high-platform demand for silicon steel. The stockholdings (600019.sh)-2021 and the first quarter of 22 years are taking stock: at the same time, with the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, the demand for new energy vehicles for unattended silicon steel has risen dramatically.
Three-quarterly review of Treasure Steel shares - 600019-2021: Increased efficiency, enhanced segmentation, and relatively slow growth in industry supply due to technical barriers and production-capacity-building cycles, resulting in tight supply and demand
The price of high-licensed silicon products has risen significantly. Investment advice: companies are industry leaders, high-end products, and highly profitable. Keep the "buy-in" rating, given that the original fuel is historically low.
In the face of falling demand in the steel sector, high prices of raw ingredients, the adverse situation in which profits have deteriorated sharply across the industry, companies have launched a full-scale “war crisis, first-class” campaign to maximize product advantage, deepen cost cuts, and perform well in business performance.
In the third quarter, the company achieved a gross operating income of 94,941 million yuan, a rise in ring yields, and an improvement in structure. With the climbing of the line of production associated with the Yangtze base, the company increased its sales volume, reaching 3,715,000 tons of steel production in the first three quarters, an increase of 427 per cent. In the third quarter, the policy impact was lower than last year.
In the case of differentiated products, in the previous three quarters, the company's “100 million” product was sold 18,764,000 tons, of which sales to silicon steel increased by 10.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sales to cold-rolled cars by 10.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and sales to new energy vehicles for undirected silicon were increased by 61.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a strong competitive advantage.
Figure 5: Quarterly steel production (tonnes) Figure 6: Quarterly steel sales price ($/t)
In terms of the cost of the period, the company’s sales/management costs/general steel demand in the first three quarters is under pressure, the silicon-sized steel landscape is high. The demand drags ahead, the price of steel has fallen sharply, and the three quarters of the year, while the massive decline in production of steel plants has reversed the trend of increasing demand-supply tensions in the industry in a timely manner, adding to the marginal demand improvement in the boom season.
The price of steel is stable, but the industry is less profitable at higher primary fuel prices. Capital investment is continuing, but demand for real-estate steel is low and steel prices are still under pressure. Unlike steel, some of the steel varieties benefit, demand is booming downstream, and prices remain high. National Standard Energy Efficiency Limits and Energy Efficiency Levels
(gb20052-2020) Formally implemented in June 2021, the demand for replacement upgrades of energy-saving transformers rose significantly; the demand for new energy-generating transformers was added to the needs of new energy-commodity transformers, and the demand for silicon-based steel was high with high brands. At the same time, the demand for new energy vehicles for unattended silicon steel was also rising significantly with the rapid development of new energy vehicles.
Demand, industry supply has increased relatively slowly owing to technical barriers and the build-up cycle, resulting in a significant increase in the price of high-plate silicon steel products. Investment advice: companies are industry leaders, high-end products, and highly profitable.
The Bureau continues to optimize and the valuation is historically low, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author