The price of the company's products has stopped falling back, production has expanded steadily, and the “buy-in” rating has been maintained.
Companies have issued domestic futures price adjustment notices, and companies have generally raised the price of all kinds of panels. Companies have joined forces with steel packs to create a treasure pipe and step up the pace of expansion of their capacity.
In the long run, in a carbon neutral context, the industry is undergoing a new round of consolidation, and companies are expected to benefit from increased concentration as industry leaders. We expect companies to publish prices for their products in January 2022 and January 2023, with a small increase in prices for all types of products: company issuing countries.
Inner futures price adjustment notice, companies generally increase the price of various panels. The base price of the hot roller products is 200 ton per ton: acid wash, hot zinc plating, electroplating zinc, medium low- and unopposed silicon steel, etc. The base price is 150 ton per ton; the base price of the thick plate, paint, aluminium zinc plating, high aluminium zinc magnesium, etc.
In November and December, the prices of the company’s various products were either constant or slightly reduced. As a result of the liberalization of the epidemic and the introduction of housing finance support policies, the city is now _
The field has improved its expectations for the next year, and the prices of steel of all kinds are on a downward trend.
Gold and the share held in the Rubble steel pipe (estimated at $3.555 billion) are financed by the steel packs and 29.8 per cent of the steel tubes made of steel (estimated at $1,552 million) are co-financed by the steel packs.
Management Technology Ltd. of which Treasure Steel holds 74.91% and Packed Steel 25.09%. The parties further agree that institutional investors will account for a share of the circulationa and that, after the establishment of the joint venture, 19.20% of the package steel pipe will be purchased in cash of about $1 billion.
By then, the joint venture will hold 49% of the stake in the steel tubes. With its establishment, the company will be able to fully benefit from the resource advantages of the steel packs and the industrial and technological advantages of the steel. It is expected to become a professional pilot in the field of seamless steel tubes.
By 2027, 100 million tons of capacity will have been produced; so far, the total capacity of the company's four bases is 51 million tons. Against a background of industry-wide production pressure, the company's follow-up will expand its capacity through more merger restructuring.
The pace of industrial integration, and the future of the group’s productive capacity associated with the existing business of Bostal, is expected to be integrated into the public sector, with a steady expansion of the productive capacity of listed companies. Profit forecasts: we expect the company’s net profits to be $11.5 billion and $13 billion in 2022 and 2023.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
The account buys and sells the certificate described in the report;@. The report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate referred to in the report.