Business performance has increased significantly, with the \triangleright producer profits released significantly. 22q2 companies achieved a net return profit of 28.9 to 3.473 billion yuan.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
At the same time, with a “stable growth” stimulus, real-estate infrastructure is expected to boost coal demand in the second half of the year. In the case of power coal, when consumption comes, power plants are running fast to support coal prices, and company performance is about to be released.
On 16 January 2022, the company announced its intention to issue shares and support.
Cash is paid to purchase 51% of the split and post-coal shares held by the Coal Group, and 49% of the shares held by Li Jinyu and Gao Jianping in the Ming Ju Coal industry.
Quarterly 2022: Uplifting prices led to a release of performance expected to increase output.
In the process, if completed within the year, the company’s performance will be expected to increase. In addition, according to the performance forecast for the 22q1 group bond collection: the 22q1 profit-making note, by the end of 2020, the group had a total coal production capacity of 207 million tons, of which the main mine production capacity was 132 tons.
After eliminating the capacity of listed companies to produce and the capacity of the mountain coal group (the main asset is Mountain Coal International), there are still 4480 tons of coal in the mountain west: good profits, expectations of asset securitization of around tons of coal, and still vast space for asset injection.
4. Coal point assessment of the mountain west: asset injection into the next city, expansion, long space.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.