Business performance has steadily improved, and assets are being injected into the immediate event: on August 8, 2022, half-annual reports were released from Shanxi Coal, and in the first half of 2022 Coal Coal Coal (000983) was released from Shanxi Coal.
Coal sales have increased by the same amount, sales prices have increased significantly, and firm performance has continued to grow with greater certainty. The public \triangleright division has generated 16,439 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 51.35% in the same year, and operating costs.
The average price of commercial coal sales was $1220.91 per ton, an increase of 36.82 per cent compared to the average price of $892.36 per ton in the previous year. The cost of coal ton was $197.17 per ton, a decrease of 16.12 per cent compared to 2021.
The demand for coal has not yet been reflected, but the price of coal is still high. In July 2022, the price of Xinhua Xinhua Xinxi Coal Presidential Coal increased by 1.22% over the same year, by 49.2% over the same year, and the spot price increased by 55.5% over the same year.
Sex, supply inelasticity and demand elasticity are expected to increase the price of coke further, and the company's profitable asset injection project is expected to be realized this year, leading to a growth in the company's outreach.
The group held 51% of the share in the split, the purchase of Lee Jinyu, and the combined 49% share in the Pearl Coal industry. The restructuring project, after changing the independent financial consultant in July, resulted in $5.7 billion in operating income.
In 2022-2024, the accumulated net profits did not amount to $4,393 million, and the coke group will compensate for it once. We expect that the reorganisation project will increase the performance of listed companies.
The steel and construction industry is expected to lead to an upturn in demand for coal in six months, leading to an increase in corporate performance. At the same time, the high corporate share is expected to continue this year.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Stable economic growth targets drive better demand for coal, and we expect cindasecuritiesco.ltd to achieve performance growth driven by higher coal prices, taking into account the infusion of assets
The risk factors are: severe macroeconomic decline, large fluctuations in coal prices, uncertain industrial policies, and the risk of safe production accidents.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th and fifth” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, have worked as a license in the field of electricity and natural gas.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.