Event: 29 September 2022, company announcement that the coal in Shanxi is intended to be paid by issuing shares and paying cash \triangleright
By buying 51% of the shares of the Chinese saloon coal held by the company’s controlling shareholder, and by buying 49% of the stocks of the Ming Ju coal industry, Li Jinyu and Kianping combined. The price of the 51% trade in Hwok coal increased from RMB 6,599 million to RMB 7,311 million, and the 49% trade price in the Ming Ju coal industry from the previous 4.43%.
The value of stock acquisition in the Chinese Jinko and Ming Ju industries is estimated to be seven times and four times respectively. According to the announcement, in 2022 - \triangleright 2024, the Coal Group committed 1,012 million yuan and 1,154 million yuan respectively to the acquisition of assets.
In January-March 2022, a net profit of 73 million yuan was realized in the bead industry, with an annual net profit of 293 million yuan, taking account of 49 per cent of the stock exchange price of 616 million yuan, a purchase price of 4 times that of pe and a pb of 1.6 times that of pb.
The price of easy coal has risen, but the valuation has declined since then. After the acquisition, the equity capacity grew by about 16%.
In the year, the main assets are the Saxu 1 mine (5 million tonnes/year), the Saxu II mine (3 million tonnes/year), the Ming Pearl Coal industry (90,000 tonnes/year, 51% China Jinko Coal) and the Gjinning Coal industry (3 million tonnes/year, 51% China Jinko Coal).
Tons/year, the size of the company’s equity capacity grew by 16% after the acquisition landed.
In addition, the company announces that it intends to raise up to $4.4 billion in portfolio funds to a total of no more than 35 eligible specific clients, or that the company will be exposed to further risk of amortization.
q1 Performance Review: 22q1 is a record-high profit, and follow-up asset injection is still to be expected. This acquisition is a follow-up to the 2020 acquisition of the water and coal industries \triangleright \triangleright
By the end of 2021, according to the Group bond collection instructions, the Group had made a positive assessment of the performance of the coal industry in Shanxi: good profits and expected coal to produce 207 million tons of coal, of which the main mine produced 140 million tons of coal, cutting off the capacity of listed companies and mountain coal.
5. West mountain coal point assessment: asset injection into the next city, growth in outreach
With the potential for securitization of assets in or around the tonnes/year of capacity, the space for asset injection remains wide. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.