Large increases in coal prices have led to higher performance, with attention to the restoration of coal prices and the injection of assets into coal in Shanxi (000983.sz) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
• The large increase in coal prices has led to higher performance, with attention paid to the repair of coal prices and asset injections, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of billions yuan, +193.5 per cent, of which q2 achieved a net return profit of 3.24 billion yuan, +213 per cent, ring value +32 per cent. Benefited from a year-on-year rise in domestic coal prices, supported by a steady growth policy in the second half of the year, with profits from the coal-coal steel industry chain.
Outside, group assets can be injected for a period of time, depending on the company's growth potential. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Qualified coal prices remain high, and coal plate performance continues to release an average of $2978/t in 2022, an increase of 74%, and an average price for old coal plates.
The annual price of q1 q4 continued at 2021 q4 prices without any market adjustment, the price of q2 q2 q2 q2 increased slightly, and the performance of the Ministry of Finance in the first half of the year in maintaining a high caloric coal plate was released. In the first half of 2022, the corporate coal plate achieved operating income of 16.44 billion yuan, or +51.4 per cent; and the coal plate cost of 4.87 billion yuan.
q3 Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. Coal Coal Coal Co. Coal Coal Co. Coal Co. Coal Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Ltd.
The downstream demand is weak, and the economy is more affected. On July 28, 2022, the Political Bureau held a meeting to deploy the secure property deposit building, where the property chain is expected to be repaired, and a steady growth policy for the second half of the year is expected to gradually implement the expected improvements in coal demand, and the price of coal is expected to be repaired.
"H1 Coal Prices as a whole are high, the company’s performance is high and the group assets securitization program is expected to boost the company’s output growth. The group’s coal assets are being injected at an accelerated rate.
Some of the 51% and 49% of the shares in the Lee Jin-yu and Gao-Ping industry were reported in the report of a pre-advised evaluation by one of the companies. The transaction was suspended due to the former independent financial consultant factor, the company has replaced its independent financial consultant, and the follow-up acquisition process is expected to resume.
The year-round performance robust release, o1 performance re-innovation kicks off. 11.1 million tonnes/year of total Chinese coal production will increase equity capacity by 5.13 million tonnes after the company's acquisition - corporate information update report 2022.4.16
Plus, corporate coal assets are still in demand for securitization, and the company's extra-extension capacity.