Yangtze Power (6009000): Energetic Development Division buys Peru luzdelsur on the occasion of the announcement issued on 30 September 2019 that the price of electricity in Yangtze would be $3.59 billion (final meeting).
The purchase of 83.64% of Peru luzdelsur’s shares was made under several adjustment mechanisms. The price was based on the valuation report of the third-party financial consultant.
The purchase price of the remaining 13.7 per cent of the statutory offer will be determined by a third-party assessment body to be identified by the Peruvian Securities Commission.
The acquisition is in line with the long-term strategy of the Yangtze Power, which targets high-quality assets, stable cash flows and a five-year debt of Euro2001-09, with a modest growth rate of low asset transaction prices in the same type of transactions.
This acquisition is in line with the long-term strategy of the Yangtze Power Company. The company’s main business, hydroelectric operation and development, is now more mature and developed within the country’s 2018-08-01 5-year medium-term bill, after the Utunde and White Crane Beach crews were launched.
A three-year bond of $3 billion is issued for 2018-09-27, making it difficult to continue to grow rapidly in the hydroelectric sector in the country. Building on the mature experience of foreign energy companies, companies expand into electricity distribution.
The company is a public utility company with a good distribution area and a high rate of electricity recovery; the Peruvian economy and electricity use are growing steadily, with 28.45% of the share in circulation per capita using the energy of Hubei (000883.sz).
The price of an asset transaction is slightly lower in the same type of transaction. For the last three years, South American energy class assets have been estimated at 11.12 per cent of the energy available in Kawakawa (600674.sh) with a value of 16.5 times the value of the transaction/ebitda and 14.6 times the value of the transaction.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: because the project is in the process of closing, we don't consider the impact of the acquisition. The water coming from the Quillard River reservoir in the third quarter is 29.45% less than the same period in the previous year, the water coming from the Three Gorges is 16.98% less than the same period in the previous year, and the company's electricity generation in the third quarter is down from the same period in the previous year.
We still appreciate the value added to the company as a result of the acquisition of the new crew and maintain a “recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Company, Power 6009000: Energetic Company to acquire Luzdelsur, Peru. This acquisition is in line with the long-term strategy of the Yangtze Power, which targets assets of high quality, stable cash flow and growth, and prices for asset transactions.
The acquisition is in line with the long-term strategy of the Yangtze Power. The company is looking forward to becoming the world’s largest clean energy provider, but the company’s main business, hydropower and development, is now more mature and well developed in the country, and it is difficult for the company to provide electricity and water in the country after the Utunde, the White Crane Beach crew.
According to development experience abroad, most of the world’s advanced energy companies combine power generation with distribution operations, where water and power generation operations are affected by water availability and are often volatile, while distribution is more stable and smoother. The domestic distribution sector is now run mainly by the national and southern grids, and the separation of transmission and distribution operations has not yet been implemented on a large scale.
The company’s large-scale development of electricity distribution services in the country is not yet ripe. The target company luzdelsur, with 94% of its main business, is a typical distribution company whose business is consistent with the direction of the company’s development.
Statement of total assets of $1.8 billion in 2018, net assets of $0.91 billion, net revenues of $1.0 billion and net profits of $180-190 billion. Market occupancy rate, 28 per cent, mainly power distribution operations in the southern region of Lima, covering an area of 3600 square kilometres and a population of 3.6 million people, is now at the right end of 1.13 million users, which is the core region of Peru, which is also an embassy area, where electricity recovery is good, cash flows are stable and companies use the dollar in their final prices.
The exchange rate risk is relatively low. Peru’s economy is also growing steadily, and per capita electricity use is at a lower level, with room for development. Currently, the country’s gdp is growing by about 4% on average, its electricity use is growing at a similar rate and its economy is growing at about 2000kwh per capita per year, a big difference from the per capita electricity consumption of 4,600kwh per year in Peru and 1,000 kwh per year in developed countries. The company’s number of users has grown by 3% to the left of 3% in the last three years.
Right, and there are about 740,000 kw of hydroelectric projects to be developed, and in terms of the number of users and the availability of hydropower resources, there is a steady increase in corporate operations, and the price of assets traded is slightly lower in the same transactions. The market value of Luzdelsur on the Lima Stock Exchange before the acquisition was $7.9 billion, and the premium is higher. But, unlike the investment style of the domestic stock and the South American stock market, the investor structure is not simple.
The exchange rate of Luzdelsur at the Lima Stock Exchange in 2018 was 2%, with the exception of major shareholders, whose shares are held mainly by the Peruvian Social Security Fund, whose shares are not active in the market, and whose prices in the secondary market are less responsive to the real value of the company. Much of the information is still confidential, as the company’s projects are still being cut.
Whether the acquisition will bring value to the company, but from the point of view of South America's energy-type M & As, the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of energy/ebitda is 16.5 times higher for the source category in the last three years, the value of the value of the value of the value of the current acquisition of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of energy/ebitda is 14.6 times higher and its price is more expensive than the price of the type of acquisition in the east.
East Hing Securities Co. reported the Yangtze Power (6009000): a review of the acquisition of Luzdelsur in Peru by Growing Up Inc.
Master of Science at Cornell University, undergraduates at New York University, who worked in China to build the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, and participated in research ideas, including that of the analyst himself. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.