The growth in production and sales was smooth, symmetrically symmetrically symmetrical to the short-term profit pressure of the higher market share, with net operating cash flows of 2,063 million yuan, much better than q1 ($1,751 million), and the overall profitability of the q2 quarter was significantly improved over the same period in the previous year.
The company ' s operational capacity has increased significantly as a result of the volatile prices of raw materials and increased competition patterns, with 63.03.0 days of stock and 242.20 days of accounts payable as at the end of June 2024.
There has been a steady increase in the world ' s tram. According to Marklines, 2024h1 global tram sales amounted to 7.72 million vehicles, the same ratio + 25.1% and penetration was 16.9%, with the Chinese market being driven by such positive factors as price-for-price price reductions and old state-for-new policies since this year.
Ten thousand vehicles, year-on-year +31.1 per cent, penetration rate of 36.4 per cent, with the heavy-carat sector showing a bright increase in electric motorization, with the central United States market being the main driving force in storage, with the short-term pressure on the capacity of the storage network/eia, and the consumption plate showing a cumulative upward pattern.
Lithium carbonate prices have continued to decline, and the company’s lithium battery business is clearly under pressure. Benefiting from the downstream rate of lithium primary battery applications into the replacement cycle and the small lithium & & cylindrical battery market, there has been a steady increase in the performance of the company’s consumption plate, with $4,849 million of the company’s consumption plate business revenue from the 2024h1 company’s consumption plate.
The rate of power storage has risen, and the new model of overseas exploration has been set up.
The monthly company's energy core is the second largest in the world, and it's the second largest in the world compared to 2023, and the power cell is the second largest in the country's new energy commercial fleet.
The rate was 13.59 per cent, of which the company ranked second in the volume of electric heavy cards installed in the country, with a market share of 16.4 per cent; and the share of the company ' s full release-driven capacity in the consumption of the single-month production of cylindrical batteries was steadily increasing with respect to the elimination of the cost batteries of the Sino-China Portfolio S.A.
During the reporting period, the company’s first cls model landing project, act, successfully started work in the United States on a joint venture with hundreds of millions of U.S. and overseas companies with a planned capacity of 21gwh square commercial phosphate lithium batteries.
(b) The Division continues to promote the upgrading of the cylinder product, which already has a 6c fast-loading capability, and the company is actively exploring the prospects for the use of large cylinder batteries in new areas such as drones and two-wheel vehicles.
Investment proposals and profit projections continue to show a upward trend in the electricization of the car market in the wake of overseas policy/trade barriers, and the energy industry is expected to maintain its high profile.
Rates have continued to grow; high-end technologies have continued to lead and supply chain systems have improved; and there is a certain degree of profitability in the face of increased competition in the industry. Overall, we believe that companies have high barriers and better expectations of growth in the industry, maintain a “buy-in” rating, predicting their return in 2024-2026.
The macroeconomic downturn has resulted in less than anticipated sales of new energy vehicles; a shift in domestic and foreign tram policies; an excess of domestic and foreign power, resulting in less than expected demand for storage capacity; underinvestment of new production capacity by firms; barriers to trade; and large fluctuations in raw materials prices affecting profitability.
Figure 2 Lithium price drags down the net profit growth rate of the company to the mother (million yuan) Figure 3 Increases in revenue recovery rate of the company q2 booster (billion yuan) Figure 4 Increases in the net profit to the company to the mother rate for the first time since 23q2 (billion yuan)
Figure 52024h1 Corporate profitability as a whole remained stable, Figure 6 Business chain price-retarding company q2 Profitability
Figure 8 shows a significant increase in the profitability of consumer panels. Figure 11 shows that since 2024 in the United States, the industries of storage capacity, such as 5gw (gw) arms, steel, etc., have conducted in-depth research on technology and periodicity, continued in-depth research in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and the establishment of a “China manufacturing investment cycle” research framework.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, with limited energy devoted to serving more primary and secondary markets where the needs of the country are met, the industry is flourishing and the people have faith, without which it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to cause China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject the Chinese securities to the law or regulation. The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.