Reserves are growing rapidly, with a global increase in the share of the world's cities, and the mid-2024 mid-point rating of Lithium billion (3000014), with a larger increase in the q2 battalion harvest, with a decline in the Māori rate, a loss of impairment of assets and an increase in the loss of credit.
Roe (ttm) is large, as well as other factors such as reduced returns, have affected the growth of net parent profits. The rapid growth of new-energy commercial vehicle-powered batteries continues to drive the upgrading of large cylinder products.
In January-June 2024, power cell output was 13.54gwhh, an increase of 7.03% over the same period, with a rapid increase in the volume of new energy commercial traffic and a 13.59% of domestic commercial vehicle load, ranked second. The company took the lead in achieving volume delivery of large cylinder batteries in the country and released a series of 46 cylinders.
The battery's new Omnicel1 full-power battery, with a 6c fast-loading capability, continuous improvement of product systems, and a replacement product performance. The 20gwhill 2 phase of annual production is expected to be operational in the second half of this year.
The company was set up by the 100-million-latitude lithium-full subsidiary of the United States in a joint venture with daimler truck, paccar and electrifedpower to produce liquids of rectangular phosphate batteries, mainly in designated North American commercial vehicles, with an annual capacity of about 21gwh, three outsiders.
Businesses and their associates will also be the main customers, buying most of the plant’s products. Domestic and foreign loading needs drive the rapid growth of storage batteries.
In January-June 2024, the storage of batteries was 20.95gwh, and consumer battery demand was growing steadily, leading to full output. Downstream demand for power tools, two-wheeler vehicles, etc., was gradually increasing, and the company’s market share was rising steadily, leading to an increase in the volume of consumer-type cylinder batteries.
It is clear that one-month sales have gone up to 100 million and have been fully productive. Healthy emerging markets are being actively developed, with potential.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference point is three indexes. Investors are only suitable for risk-level studies that are no higher than “middle- and low-risk” and “stable” investors are only suitable for risk levels that are no higher than “medium-risk”
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.