The storage battery doubles, the consumer battery continues to release, the storage can grow at a very high rate, and the overseas market continues to expand.
13.54gwh, 7.03% over the same period, 20.95gwh, 133.18% over the same year, with more than double growth. For overseas markets, companies officially launched the global cls business model, and the company’s first cls model landed on project act (amplifycell)
The company was set up by a billion-latitude lithium-rich subsidiary, co-financed by the United States of America with daimlertuck, paccar, electrifiedpower, and is planning to produce a rectangular lithium phosphate battery, which will be used primarily in designated North American commercial car collars.
Sun Sun's electricity equipment and new energy industry research aids, with an annual capacity of about 21gwh, three foreign firms and their associates will also be major customers, buying the vast majority of the plant's products.
Consumer batteries are stable, 46-series large cylinder batteries are loaded in bulk. For batteries, the company’s capacity is fully released, downstream demand for power tools, two-wheeler vehicles, etc. is gradually increasing, and the company’s market share is steadily increasing, leading to the sale of 100 million single-month consumer cylindrical batteries.
As of 18 June 2024, over 21,000 vehicles had been delivered cumulatively and 13,000 vehicles had been stablely operating more than 1,000 kilometres, with a maximum mileage of 83,000 kilometres.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit for 2024-2026 to be the following: risk factors: new energy vehicle demand is not as high as expected; risk of a change in lithium battery technology; original \triangleright
Super-expected risk of price fluctuations in materials: environmental protection and safe production risks, etc., Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The research focuses on a breakdown of the industry and a share of the excavations.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for industrial control components that have not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.