There's an increase in the volume of storage batteries and a steady increase in consumer batteries \triangleright \triangleright \
Down Young-kang, where there's an increase in sales, overseas operations are going well. In terms of sales, the company's 24-year-h1, power and power tanks, 13.54gwh, 7.03% more than the previous year, storage and battery, 20.95gwh, 20.95gwh more than the same year.
In terms of city coverage, the company's 24-year-old H1 output is the second largest worldwide volume in terms of storage power cores, one in 23 years, the power cell end, and the company has made a big breakthrough in the area of commercial vehicles,24
H1 was ranked second in terms of the volume of new energy commercial vehicles in the country, accounting for 13.59 per cent in cities, 16.4 per cent in electric heavy card markets, and 16.4 per cent in overseas operations.
In the reporting period, the company’s first cls model landing project, act, started work in Mississippi, United States, on a plan to produce square lithium batteries, mainly in commercial vehicles, and capacity planning for 21gwh.
Wang's consumer battery business is growing steadily, with 4680 cylinders in the air. For batteries, the benefits are downstream. The demand for electric tools, two wheels, the company's capacity is fully released, and the company's share of the market is 24 years.
Kilometres, the country's first battery company to deliver large cylinders. In addition to car use, the company's large cylinders are used in a wide range of areas, including two wheels, drones, etc.
Given the increasing market position of the company's storage capacity, the overseas layout has accelerated its landing and maintained its “recommended” rating.
Performance forecast for 2023 for 200 million latitude lithium energy (300014.sz)
Performance meets expectations and the power reserve continues to raise the yield ratio by 400 million latitudes (300014.sz) for the semi-annual 2023 report.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.