Hekvision (002415ch) takingtimetoporecover hold
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Improvementintop-line(vs-9% yoyinfy4q22) andgpm (+1.4 pptsyoy)
Contoronproject profitability, headaccount (+10% yoyinfy22, stableinfy23e) chinasowardware&itservices and opex.wethinkrecentsharepricerebundhaveredthepositivesin
I don't know, marleyngan earlyningsrecovetherm 2.0bnsharerpurchase.downgradohold.fy1q23missaloughrevenuedeclinarrowedandgpmimproved.
Hekvisionreportedin-linefy22withrevenueofrimb83.17bn (+2% yoy) Bowenli and netprofitofrmb12.84bn ( - 24% yoy). Theweaknessinnetprofitwas
i) higheropex(+17% yoy)
And gpmimprove (+1.4 pcttsyoy)wereetto offsetthehigheropex (+16% yoy).
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I'm not sure if it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true.
I don't know, smbg(sme) and overseasbusinsnotinsightyyet.thatsaid,weareposiveonothervenuediversiabilitywithinnovativebusinesses(e.g. shareperformance)
vs. 10% infy20.non-surveillencebusswillremainas thecoregroveth driver (fy22revenuegrew+22.8% yoytormb15.07bn).
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you.
The companyfousesonqualitygrovethinfy23nightercontrolon projectprofitability, head countryandopex.weestimatehikvisionnetmargin toimprovefrom15.4% infy22to17.7%infy23e.
Wetrimmedfy23-24e netprofitby 7-9% toreslowcoveryfromcovid.sharepricetas source:factset
.downgradoholdnew relaedreports
Targetpriceofrmb47.29, Basedonigher 27x(prior20x)fy23ep/e, in- "chinaai-7 marginunderpressure amdweakeningdemand"-31oct
Linewith3-yearmeanasbusinessbottadodouttromcovid. 2022 (link) "chinaai-publicsecurity "
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(pre-announcedrevenue: rmb81, 174mn)
Gross profitwasrm35,170mn (-3% yoy), largelyin-linewithourandconsensus  Grossmarginwas 42.3%, (-2pttsoy), aboveourestmateby 0.5 ptsand oprating profitwasrmb12, 358mn (~25% yoy), belowourestimatby8%and
ptsandconsensusby2ptptts.netpropitwasrmb12,837mn (-24% yoy), belowourestimateby7% and consensusby4%. (pre-announcednetprofit: rmb12,827mn)
Source: companydata, cmbig fy1q23resourcesreview revenuewasrmb16, 201mn (-2% yoy, 31% qoq), Missedourestimeby 7%
I don't know what you're talking about, consensions. Operation profitwasrmb1,902mn (-25% yoy, 51% qoq), Missedourand consensusestimatsby 30%.
Operationmarginwas 11.7 per cent (-3.7 pcttsoy, 4.7 pctsqoq), belowour netpropitwasrmb1,811mn (-21 per cent yoy, -55 per cent qoq), belowourestimeby 28 per cent and Consensusby 43 per cent
epswasrmb0.19 ( - 21% yoy, -55% qoq), belowourestimeby 28% and figure8:fy1q23resourcesreview source: companydata, cmbigm
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Hekvision (002415ch, hold, tp:rmb47.29) wedowngradehikvisionfrombuytoholdwithnewtargetpriceofrimb47.29 (prior rmb37.44).
I don't know, itthree-yearmean. weuseaghmultipleaswethinkbusinesshasbottadodoutfrom covid.also, spin-offofhikroboticstobelistedona-sharesouldbepositivetohikvision.source: bloomberg, and bigm
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresarchanalhysprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanastcoverinthiport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflectisorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectscirities oris; and (2) nopartofofhisorhercompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directly,relatesspecialviewsexpressedbythatatstin
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, so I'm gonna do it.
This is the first time that you've ever been in a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'd like to thank you, Mr. President, for your attention, on behalf of the European Union, for your cooperation with the European Union in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, I would like to express my gratitude to you for your cooperation with the United Nations in this regard.
I don't know what you're talking about, reprinted, sold, redistrickedorpublishedinwholeorinpartforanypurposithoutpriorwrittenconsentof bigm. additionalformationrecommened secritiesisavailableuprequest.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated associations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's not like it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do. It's the right thing to do. It's the right thing to do. It's the right thing to do. It's the right thing to do.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.