The acceleration of performance was marked by the presence of the Qing Qing Dragon Head on 27 October 2019, with a net gain of $1,696 million (+33.36 per cent) and a net gain of $1,693 million (unadjusted ratio +33.64 per cent).
The non-net profit is 504 million yuan (unadjusted for year-on-year +54.11%). The company's financial indicators were retroactively adjusted during the reporting period, except for special notes. The collection was above last year's sum.
Business income of $235.21/160 million was achieved. The company’s Saffron series, which was focused on the high-tech program last year, is expected to grow at a slower pace; the q3 has expanded its channels at a faster rate of up to 60%. The end-market rate is required to reach 80%, and as the cooperative effort with Huayun deepens the forecast for the future.
The impact will continue to be expanded through the channels and resources of Huayun, and the company's “between” product strategy is working well; the Gold Award is expected to continue at a 20 per cent growth rate, with a smooth growth rate of 1.4 billion yuan, compared to 13.9 per cent for the same year, with a significant increase in the use of green flowers and botanical energy.
“13313” has a layout target, with channels tracking the growth of more than 50% in a number of markets outside the province, partly doubling market revenues, such as Shanghai.  The first half of the year saw widespread pre-investment, and the q3 sales rate went down: companies reformed the marketing system after the country changed.
1 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Half-time, half-time, Qing Lilong Head Floating - 7.8 pct. We judge that the decrease in the Māori rate was mainly due to changes in the group ' s alcohol and table and product structure.
As a result, because of the higher recognition of the company ' s cost inputs, such as wide publicity, in the first half of the year, three quarters of the sale of 2 Shanxi Wine (60809): a significant decrease in the cost of white wine drives profitability uplifting. q3 management costs (including R & D) 7.3%.
Net cash flows resulting from a 19-year surplus of $1.9 billion (year-on-year +449 per cent) and high-quality cash flows to demonstrate the firm's adequacy
3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Shanxi Liquor: The rhythm is well controlled and has the potential to make the Qing Qing Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang's head float across the country. The company's equity incentive program is to be lifted at a rate of 19-21 years.
With sub-high-end growth, the company’s business viability is expected to be further released, and with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has a portfolio investment advisory committee