The performance was over-expected, and out-of-the-way development was remarkable - Shanxi Wine (60809) was evaluated in three quarters in 2019: Shanxi Liquor was published in three quarters in 2019, and during the reporting period the company achieved operating income of 9.12 billion.
Dollars, 25.72 per cent increase in the same year; net profit returns to mothers, 1,696 million yuan increase in the same year, 33.36 per cent increase in the same year; of these, high performance expectations, properly managed costs, and a significant improvement in cash flows. Corporate operating income and net profits grew by 25.72 per cent and 33.36 per cent respectively, respectively, during the reporting period, of which 2019q3 operating income and net profits were equal to the same rate.
Ouyang Woo's sword is high; the net operating cash flow is $1,896 million, an increase of 449.36 per cent over the same period, and the cash flow has improved considerably.
Don't get $79.89, 693, or $363 million. The Saffron series has been very successful, and it is expected that the entire Guo Xiaodong Boll will be driven by the laying and actual sales, and that it will grow by more than 50%.
Since 2019, the company has promoted the “13313” city field layout, with a gradual increase in the proportion of out-of-towns, which accounted for 50.51% and 0.37 ptt higher than 50.14% of the 2019h1. Research data show that the growth of the provincial in-house harvests has been steady, with the Taihara market growing at a faster rate.
In addition, the market south of the Yangtze River maintained a high growth rate of over 100% in Shanghai and Zhejiang regions.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, the net profits of the shareholders of the parent company were $19,612,381 and $2,819 million, respectively; the equivalent amounts of pe were 37.02.
30.49, 25.76 times. Given the overall improvement in the company's products, channels, and institutions, we regard the continuing rise in the city's share of Qinghua and the fact that the Bottle of Light is a national monolith, maintaining an “enhanced” rating.
The Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment is a way of turning into an urban highland street, using legally compliant information, to produce this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.