Group asset injections meet expectations, institutional optimization - Shanxi Liquor (600809) event: Shanxi Wine issued a series of related trade announcements: 1) the company intends to pay $258 million in cash.
In addition to 10 per cent of the shares of the Liquor Purchase and Marketing Company; 2) the company proposes to pay $197 million in cash to purchase 100 per cent of the stock of the Qing Liquor Factory: 3) the company proposes to pay $11.995 million in cash to acquire 10 per cent of the share of the Bamboo Youth Marketing Company: 4), the company proposes to pay cash to purchase some of the assets of the company and land use rights, etc.
Intensive acquisition of seven group-associated assets, and further growth in white wine production and profitability. The announcement shows that companies are intensively acquiring seven related assets of the Consort Group, with a total transaction value of $606 million, of which $7.33 billion was collected by the Liquor Marketing Company in the first three quarters of 2019 and a net profit of $858 million;
With the company’s absolute ownership of the Liquor Marketing Department and the Qing Liquor Factory, competition will be further reduced and white wine production and profitability enhanced.
Associated transactions, the company continuously accelerated the injection of the assets of the Liquor Group, which in 2018 acquired a portion of the assets of the Apricot State Trade at $9,827.5 million and an amount of $12.2 million respectively, and 51 per cent of the shares of the Liquor Development Area sales company: in 2019, $9,945,000, $8,9103 million and $25,557.7 million respectively.
In addition, the company has committed itself to making the greatest possible progress in the reform of the Guo Xiaodong institutions, and to helping the brand make a big difference. This year, the volume of the wine has risen, and the library has made a huge difference.
The Saffron series is well-established, rising from the beginning of the year, with a 20-pack price of approximately $350, and an approximate terminal price. All of the alcohol assets are placed in listed companies, which greatly facilitates the optimal integration of the company’s production and marketing systems, adding up to the steady progress of changes in the company’s channels, and significant outreach in the provinces, where it is expected to continue to be a powerful brand for the future.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, Beijing City.
The net profits of the shareholders in the parent company were $19,612,381 and 2,819 million, respectively; the equivalents were 41,02, 1000 and 33.79 and 28.54. Given the overall improvement in the company ' s products, channels, and institutions, we look forward to the growth of the wine.
The city’s rising rate and the luminous bottling became a national monolith, maintaining an “upgrade” rating.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.