In the first three quarters of the 19th quarter, the company achieved business income of $9.13 billion, an increase of 25.7 per cent and a net profit of $1.7 billion during the reporting period.
Corporate ratings: Increase (maintain) by 33.4 per cent, of which 2.75 billion and 510 billion were received in the third quarter, an increase of $1.05 billion. Since 2019, companies have focused more on core brands.
Increased integration of resources, optimization of marketing mechanisms, faster income and profit growth, enhanced operation of core products, combined with the development of three broad sets of products.
In 19 years, companies managed a quota system for the sale of whole series of products, increasing their dominance in the prices and functioning of their markets.
The share of sales income from rum production, represented by flowers, gold medal series and old white paper series, reached 88.3 per cent; the share of income from wine, branded series, and the distribution of alcohol, represented by bamboo leaf, was 7.7 per cent and 3.0 per cent, respectively.
In 2019, the company identified a major market (Sanxi), three main clusters (Kyoto, Shiru, Xiaomong), three small market blocks (Waodong, Lake Two, Southeast) and 13 opportunity provinces.
Market patterns in the external market – the “13313” pattern. The market-driven, refined, benign development of the provincial market, and the break-out of the extra-provincial market focus. In the first three quarters of the 19th century, sales revenues in the off-provincial market grew by 68.4% over the same period.
The company plans to raise the share of out-of-departmental income to 70% during the 13th and 5th years. The future market is expected to remain at the median level of the white plate (25.5 times in 19), with pe (ttm) in almost 10 years.
In view of the acceleration of the nationalization process, the results of state-owned reforms have fallen and the expectation is that companies will continue to release their dynamic performance and maintain a “growth” of the billion, a 25.7 per cent increase over the same period and a net profit of 1.7 billion dollars over the same period, a 33.4 per cent increase over the third quarter of the year.
Since 2019, companies have focused more on core brands, strengthened resource alignment, optimized marketing mechanisms, increased income profitability and profit growth faster than income growth.
In 19 years, the company introduced a quota system for the sale of whole series of products, and continued to strengthen the company’s leadership and voice in the prices and functioning of the market.
Rights of speech. 88.3 per cent of business income from rum products, represented by the Qinghua, Golden Awards and Old Whites series; 7.7 per cent and 3.0 per cent respectively from the Qing Liquor series and the Liquor set. Māori rates and sales cost rates double up. Corporate combined Māori rates reached 69.2 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, compared with the previous year.
The cost of sales rose by 3 percentage points during the same period, 24.27 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year. It deepened the country’s layout and expanded its foreign and provincial markets. In 2019, the company identified a main market (Sanxi), three main clusters (Kyojin, Shiru, Xiaomong), and three small market blocks (Haodong, Two Lakes, China).
In the south-east, there are 13 market patterns of out-of-province markets - the “13313” pattern. The market niches have been developed, refined, and the provincial market has been well developed, with a break-out of the out-of-provincial market focus. In the first three quarters of 19 years, sales revenues in both Shanxi and out-of-provincial markets grew by 7.7% and 68.4%, respectively.
Increased efforts in the off-provincial market channels, with income rising from year to year, to explore new models of brand dissemination and to increase brand influence. The company used the 70th anniversary of its founding and the 25th anniversary of Shanxi Liquor on the market as an opportunity to hold a 25th anniversary forum, a book show and a knowledge contest to raise alcohol.
Cards: With a national strategy to lead the branding strategy, international promotion of national brands continues to launch a new process of internationalizing brands around the theme of "China's wines everywhere."
Hong Kong's International Food Fair, which joined the Buffett Consort as a Chief Partner, 7th American-American Investors' Conference; and the Planning of the International Trade Fair's "Wide" and the "Walks" of the World Trade Fair;
Prospective profits and investment ratings are expected to be $2.14 / $2.63 per company in 2019-2020, corresponding to expectations that companies will continue to release their dynamic performance and maintain their “increasing” ratings.
Corporate reforms and intra- and intra-provincial sales are moving faster than expected. Food security, changes in consumer tariffs, etc.
The Māori rate for all types of products is maintained at the current level.3 The cost and tax rates for the period remain at almost one year ' s level.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.