Sancie's food beverages (60809), extra-provincial markets, exceeding the target of three steps in two, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of $9.13 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, i.e. +32 per cent; achieved a net profit of $1.70 billion for the mother, i.e. +34 per cent for the same year. Of this, $1.9q3 earned $2.75 billion, i.e. +47 per cent for the same year; returned a net profit of $510 million, i.e. +55 per cent for the mother, i.e. 55 per cent for the same year; achieved a net profit of $1.70 billion for the same year.
Foreign markets are strong, exceeding the target by two steps. In the last three quarters, out-of-provincial markets generated $4.57 billion, or more than 60%, or more than half of the total; they benefited from the opening and sinking of channels and continued high growth, particularly in the east and south of the country, with a doubling of the speed of growth in the river and the market around Shanxi.
Millions of yuan, compared to 7.7 per cent in the same year, have continued to decline, mainly because of the relative saturation of market channels in the province and the slower growth in income driven by the upgrading of product structures. Markets outside the province have expanded significantly, exceeding the target of three steps by two steps.
Attention has been given to the fact that Bamboo-Ying has achieved an income of 360 million yuan, compared to 82 per cent in the previous three quarters, and that it has accelerated significantly, starting to focus on the sinking and opening of the bamboo-Ying channel. Overall, the “between the two sides” has remained relatively visible.
Five percentage points decline in the third quarter alone, mainly due to the combination of low-end alcohol and the massive release of the botanium; the cost rate increased by 1 percentage point to 24.3 per cent, but the cost rate remains at a high rate of market expansion in the third quarter, given the high rate of income growth.
The company is expected to return to the national liquor company. Meanwhile, the country’s national outreach has yielded initial results, fostering consumers.
• Profit predictions and investment proposals. Based on the accelerated pace of company market expansion, the net profits of the company will be up for the next three years at $1.98 billion, $2.43 billion, $2.91 billion and 25 per cent of the combined net profits of the mother for the next three years.
The effect of Shanxi rum (60809): “Intermediate” effect is evident, with the extra-provincial market dynamic (2019-08-27) 2. Shanxi rum (60809).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.