The expansion of channels is further, and the powerful control capacity is once again reflected in the semi-annual review of the seafood industry (603288) in 2020.
Promotional strategic support income is increasing, with a bright spot in the Midwest \triangleright up to 12 months/minimum (in yuan)
+18.27%. The 20q2 quarter returns $5,711 million, or 22.29% of the year, and the net return profit achieved by the parent
High, the company's continued focus on terminal promotion costs and increased mission return points to promote end-b and end-c, the unit compared to depth 300, and by product, the three core varieties received $10.06 billion, compared to 11.62 per cent, of which soy sauce/cooling sauce/sale oil.
Advance, with a significant increase in total revenues in the central/western region of 20h1, with a net increase of 134/168 dealers in the central and western regions, respectively, and a rapid expansion of channels in the relatively vulnerable regions: 189 dealers in the northern region with the largest sales of companies increased net, judging by the epidemic
During this period, the company took the initiative to promote more detailed division of channels. \triangleright \triangleright
The decline in the usage rate of only 7.46 per cent for sales by 20h1 companies, compared to 3.54 ppt, is mainly due to a reduction in promotion costs and the transfer of freight costs to cost items; for other costs, the ratio of management/research and development/financial costs by 20h1 increases by 1.61 ppt, respectively, and continues to reflect a strong cost and cost-control capacity.
Performance is expected, long-term logic is clear, short-term aggressive marketing practices are expected to have an impact on the epidemic and are still promising in the long term.
2. Seafood Industry (603288) incident assessment report: Channels follow cost policy, feeding needs are gradually being restored to facilitate end-of-end b improvements, o3 is expected to remain roughly constant, M & A moves are on track and small product expansion continues.
Growth in revenues above double digits; long-term: short-term company patches, long-plate sheets in the context of the three-tier reform of the energy/goods/channels 3. Seafood industry (603288): one-quarter extension of the tons of spices project in 2020, with a total expansion of 2.2 million tons (of which 1.5 million tons of soy sauce, 300,000 tons of soy sauce, composites)
Review: Promotion strategy for income growth, vulnerable regions showing tons of tons, while Jiangsu Sea annual production capacity is projected to increase by 200,000 tons, yielding the release of capacity for the "3 by 5" program that started in 19 years.
(ii) At the end of the product: a sustained focus on the three main cores of soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce sauce, and the promotion of soy sauce, the structural upgrading of the body volume of the soybean oil, with emphasis on the new market for soy sauce, with emphasis on new products such as vinegar, alcohol and so on, and a sustained increase in the production and cultivation of milk, vine, sesame oil (merger and purchase of petrels), hot boilers (q3 newly marketed), etc.
The value of small items is expected to be slightly higher than the overall level of valuation expected by the company. Taking into account the company’s capacity, product, and channel,
The impact of the epidemic is over-expected, consumption is not rising as expected, prices of upstream raw materials are abnormally rising, and food security risks are high. Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, etc. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.