q2 back on the fast-growing lanes, strong, strong, q2 back on the fast-growing lanes, pre-collections were kept up, the outbreak was contained, logistical disruptions and the closing of restaurants were gradually eliminated, q2 companies were out.
By the end of the period, the number of corporate national distributors had reached 6433, and the number of company dealers in the east/south/central/central areas had risen by around 20-30%.
98.6 per cent, the dealer is active, and the revenue of q3 is expected to continue to increase rapidly. The gross sales margin has expanded over the same period, net interest rates have steadily increased The income structure (2020h1)
As a result of the transfer of freight costs to operating costs under the new revenue guidelines, the Māori ratio of companies decreased by 2.0 pct to 42.9 per cent in the first half of the year compared to 46.1 per cent in comparable calibres, with an increase of about 1.2 pct in the same year, and we judge that the main benefit is the continued optimization of the product structure. The cost of company sales decreased by 3.5 pct in the same year.
By 7.5%, the sales rate under comparable calibres was about 10.5%, a decrease of about 0.5 pct over the same year, mainly due to a decrease in promotion fees, resulting in a decrease in promotion rates of 0.7 pct over the same period.
The company recently launched four new hot boilers, including acne soup, Korean-style hot pots, Xinjiang tomato hot pots and Korean-style hot pots, and a certain amount of misalignment with the mainstream chimpanzee, which is 100-200g per bag, 15.9 dollars per kit for a cat, and 39.6 dollars per package for a 4-pack.
Prices are high in the industry. We believe that, in the context of the growth dividend in the composite spice industry, the company's introduction of new products of fire boilers is designed to further expand the product matrix from basic to composite spices and open up the space for future growth.
Networks and brand calls, complex flavours are on the air. Looking ahead, the restaurant industry has recovered steadily, the company's catering outlets have now returned to normal, and the follow-up revenue has been maintained, and the start is on schedule, with 20 targets growing in confidence.
The epidemic has contributed to a certain degree to a further convergence of market shares, with companies showing greater resilience to risks in terms of production, channels, brands, and so on, strong people, and higher levels of savings in advance receipts, with clear targets throughout the year.
Strong, the growth target is likely to be achieved by year-round. Sustained profitability projections are expected to result in net corporate attribution profits for 2020-2022, with food safety risks, raw material price volatility risks, brain drain risks, industry climates, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author’s research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.