Ning Quan Queng (600377.sh): Profit is what is expected, and fluctuations in investment returns have led to a fall in profits in the current period
The company's gross profits increased by 4.31 per cent over the reporting period, but from the investment earnings of the joint venture.
Roadbridges, and the development of passenger and other auxiliaries along the highways, have been affected by factors such as the decline in the red cycle of Jiangsu Bank, which has led to a decline in net return profits. Overall, the corporate surplus is the largest asset in the country’s road industry.
One of the city companies. In addition to to toll-bridge operations, the company has a very broad range of related areas of business, with a slight increase in revenue from non-toll-road operations and a more significant increase in high-speed revenue from the company: company tolls in the first half of 25 years.
Revenues amounted to $4.604 billion, an increase of 1.65 per cent over the same period, and the rate of Maori in toll road operations increased by 251 pct to 2,663 million yuan in the core road product, with average daily income rising by 8.18 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the expansion works in the upper-than-state sector, which resulted in some vehicles moving to the high-speed Xinning, also led to a 15.59 per cent decline in average daily income between the 52-week stock price zones in Ning, but was generally beneficial to the company.
The average daily toll revenue for the Seyi and the GYU during the reporting period decreased by 28.08 per cent and 12.28 per cent respectively, mainly due to the semi-enclosed construction effect of the expansion of the parts of the Yoyoi highways, and the average daily toll revenue for the Mount Five is 13.08 per cent higher than in the current year, mainly from April.
The expansion of the South-Dandu section was closed and some vehicles were moved to Mount Five. Ning Yang Yangjiang Bridge is well established but currently has a low income level, mainly due to the North Bridge project
Unconnected. The north line is expected to open at the end of 25 years, and Ningyang Bridge revenue is expected to increase considerably in 26 years.The main reason for this decrease is a marked decrease in maintenance costs: 6.37 per cent of the cost of a company ' s operations in the first half of the year, after excluding the impact of construction costs, was reduced by 6.37 per cent, with toll road operations costing 1,694 million yuan, a 4.84 per cent decline in the same year, mainly in relation to 4.84 per cent.
Volatility in investment returns was the main reason for the decline in profits: in the first half of the year, corporate investment returns totalled $700 million, the Division realized investment returns of $274 million, a decline of approximately 26.56 per cent over the same period, and the main high-speed expansion of the Heijiang River.
In the same period, which was $368 million a full-calibre annual bonus, the Bank of Jiangsu received a decline in its share of the same value and its continued capacity, and we maintained the company's “recommended” rating.
Ningjian High Speed (600377.sh): Profit is what is expected, and fluctuations in return for investment have led to a fall in profits in the current period, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Ningjian High Speed (600377.sh): Profit is what is expected, and fluctuations in investment returns have led to a fall in profits in the current period.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, nine years of experience in investment studies, and a researcher who worked at the Open Securities Development Researcher in 2015-2018. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the high rate of profit (600377.sh): the volatility of investment returns leads to a fall in profits in the current period and does not guarantee that the information and advice involved will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.