The new coal-chemicals are high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, coal Quito Co-operative Economy Demonstration Company, based on the advantages of the coal-based yetene-based processor route, production technology.
The company's business performance has continued to improve, including through the upgrading and efficiency of its management, and will continue to improve in the future, with the release of new production capacity from the Inner Mongolia base, the company developing or moving on to new steps, looking at the expansion of its high-quality production capacity, covering it for the first time, and giving it the opportunity to buy new coal-chemicals with a strong focus on the bogus energy.
From 2016 to 2023, the company’s base in Mongolia gradually became operational, and the scale of the business is expected to accelerate.
Heart business, the company owns 2.2 million tons of coal-based hydrocarbon production capacity at the Ning Shaningdong base. In addition, the company based in Inner Mongolia built 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons and sets of 400,000 tonnes/year implanted in the Green Hydrocylene-coupled maleic hydrocarbons project using the Dmto-generation technology of the Central Academy of Science and Technology.
As of November 2024, the first series of the Inner Mongolia project, 1 million tonnes/yearly, has been successfully tested for production and produced qualified products.
The total capacity of hydrocarbons will increase significantly to 5.2 million tonnes/year, about 2.4 times the current capacity, and will take the lead in the domestic coal industry. With the release of new capacity from the company’s base in Mongolia, the profitability of the products or the price differential of the coke products is historically low, and coal coke is integrated and operates efficiently.
By the first half of 2024, the company had a total capacity of 7 million tons of coke and a combined capacity of 8.2 million tons of coal from its own coal mine, including the Marlene table, four springs, and three coal mines from the Red Four. In addition, the company held an equity capacity of 192 million tons in the coal industry, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 45% of the coal from the company ' s carcinogenated plates in 2023.
The iron industry has a low-intensity impact, and the coke-coal price differential has fallen to historically low levels. Based on coal-coal integration and regional advantages, the company’s cokering products remain more profitable, with the company’s cokering products released in the first half of 2024, the new production capacity of the intra-Mongolian base is expected to be released, and the production of the bronze products continues to be profitable and the company is forecast to be in a high state in 2024-2026.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. Net profit on repatriation is 63.26/12.569/14197 million yuan, corresponding to the current market value, pe base chemical: chemical raw materials.
Less than expected new projects, large fluctuations in crude oil and coal prices, risks of safe production, etc. (8621), 20328,550 Lead Enterprises in the Efficient Coal-based New Materials Industry
1.1 Focusing on the new coal industry, Yingbao is the real controlr Ningxia Bo Fong Energy Group Inc., known as Bo Fong Energy, a company listed on the main board (stock code 600989.sh). The company uses coal as a feedstock to achieve the separation, classification, gradation of coal resources along the technological lines of coal, coke, gas, gas, oil, multi-electricity.
By using it to the full, the more complete industrial chain of the coal-chemical cycle is a typical example of the coal-kido conglomerate economy model. In the same time, companies implement a national “double carbon” strategy, based on the concept of green and sustainable development, building up a modern energy, integrated, and scaled-up cluster of industrial sectors of the chemical-cycle economy, replacing coal with high-end chemical products for the production of petroleum and import substitution.
The company has a high concentration of shares, the party Yingbao is the real owner of the company, the party Yingbao has been the chairman of the company ' s limited shares in Ningxia Bo Fung Energy Group since 2005 to date, and the company ' s direct holdings of 7.53 per cent of the company ' s shares in Ningxia Fong Group Ltd. from 2012 to date, as well as indirect holdings of 48.05 per cent of the company ' s shares in the Pingxi Bong Group Ltd. and Toyo International Group Ltd., for a total of 55.58 per cent.
The company's main business is to replace coal with oil and to replace fossil energy for the production of high-end chemical products with new energy sources, including: (1) coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, i.e., methanol based on coal, furnace gas, and methanol for the production of polyethylene and polypropylene; (2) cokerification, which selects the original coal wash as calibrated coal, and cokered it for the production of coke; and (3) fine chemicals, which produce mtbe, mtbe, mtbe based on coal based, by-products of the coal processing business.
In addition, the company has invested $67.3 billion in planning to build 5 million tons of bronze per year.
Hydrocarbons project, with an investment of 47.8 billion yuan in the construction of an annual production of 3 million tons of acrylic hydrocarbons, of which 400,000 tons of green acrylic helium-based photolytic helium integration demonstration project, green helium using “windlight complementarities” for “green power”, green methanol with green helium, green methanol with green methanol Green acrylic hydrocarbons with the first set of an annual production of 1 million tons of polyolefins, was tested and produced successfully and qualified as of November 2024.
1.2 The performance of SOCs has been steadily improving, with the pre-preparation of the Xinjiang Treasu coal-based new materials project fully launched, and business earnings and net return profits are expected to continue to rise in the future as the company ' s production capacity expands steadily.
Acetylene and caramel products are among the core energy products. The ratio of revenue to caramel and acetylene products of the company 2016-2024h1 is over 85%. The company ' s Māori ratio remained relatively stable at around 44% in 2016-2021. In 2022/2023, the management efficiency of the coal and crude oil companies increased by 1.3%, and the Roe was above the industry average.
Corporate efficiency gains are significant, and Roe is at the forefront of the industry. From 2016 to 2020, the average sum of company sales costs, management costs, development costs, financial costs four was 10.31%. After 2021, the increase in research and development costs, mainly as a result of the promotion of coal-based know-how upgrades, and the investment in the intra-Mongolian hydrocarbon project resulted in an increase in research and development costs of 1.34 pct.
Financial costs have increased by 1.19 pct. In comparison with petrochemicals and traditional coal-chemicals, the wealth of energy roe (weighted) is higher than the industry average and is profitable. Coal-based hydrocarbons lead the way, and companies continue to grow their superior production capacity.
2.1 There has been a steady increase in domestic demand for acrylic hydrocarbons, with diversified routes contributing to an increase in production capacity. According to statistics from the China Petroleum Group Institute of Economics and Technology, ethylene and acrylic equivalent consumption was 61.5 million tons in 2023, 46.8 million tons in 2023, an increase of 0.20 per cent, 2.79 per cent and an annual increase of 2018-2023.
Polyethylene (PVC) and polypropylene (PVC) are the main downstream products. ethylene downstream includes plastics such as polyethylene (PVC), polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and important chemicals such as ethylene (used in the production of antifreezes and polyester fibres). Apropylene is widely used in the production of polypropylene plastics, acrylic acids and acetylamines.
Plastics are used in a number of areas, including packaging, construction, transportation, electrical appliances. Chart 14. ethylene predominantly downstream and by share (2023). The production of acetylene is one of the important indicators of the country ' s petrochemical industry ' s development. In 2023, we produced 5039 ethylene and acetylene, respectively.
In March 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, in conjunction with six other departments, issued a "Guidance on the 14th Five-Year Plan to Promote Quality Development in the petrochemical industry, which proposes an orderly push for refining projects to “reducing oil”, extend the petrochemical industrial chain, and significantly raise the level of ethylene equivalent security. We still have a gap of more than 10 million tons of ethylene production capacity.
Figure 16. Ethylene production in the country (2018 - 2024e) Low-carbon hydrocarbons such as ethylene and acetylene are produced by three main processes: paracetylene (nsc), coal (cmto) and light hydrocarbon fission, including propane dehydrocylene (pdh), ethylene fission (odh).
Lightening and low-costing of raw materials is an important development in the production of acrylic hydrocarbons, which continue to dominate our country. Based on the resource endowment of coal, carbon-poor oil and gas, coal-based hydrocarbons have greater prospects for development in the country, and coal-based ethylene is expected to account for about 15.5 per cent of the total supply in 2024, with coal-rich western regions becoming one of the regions of the country with an expansion of acrylic hydrocarbons.
Figure 18. Chart 18. Three typical production processes for acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates. According to the China Petroleum Research Institute, in 2023, the total global ethylene production capacity was 228 million tonnes/year, of which ethylene, quartz/tail oil, lpg/tail oil, coal/methanol were 39%, 35%, 20%, and 4%, respectively. China ' s total ethylene production capacity was 5.1950 million tonnes/year, of which oil-based capacity was found.
In the case of acrylic, the pdh device became the dominant process in our production of acrylic. According to the China Petroleum Institute, in 2023, 10 new pdh production units were in operation, with a capacity of 6.06 million tonnes/year, and pdh total production capacity of 1.7 million tonnes/year, or 30% of the total production capacity of acrylic acrylic.
Figure 20. Acrylic production is expected to increase in the production cycle (2025-2027), while coal production is still relatively low. According to the Central Petroleum Research Institute, ethylene production increased by 2,423,000 tons in 2023, ethylene production is expected to increase by 3.2 million tons in 2024, and all new production in 2024 is oil-based.
The new ethylene production capacity in 2027 amounted to 245.05 million tonnes per year, of which 1,7.5 million tonnes, 3.405 million tonnes, and 3.6 million tonnes respectively, respectively. The additional ethylene production capacity in the country was still broken by cerebral oil to tons and 7.72 million tonnes, respectively to 32.00%, 13.71% and 54.29% respectively, and pdh became the new producer in the domestic acrylic industry.
Exports of acetylene have increased, but there is still a net import trend. According to the Kiwakawa Mobil, in 2023, we imported 21,266,000 tons of ethylene and 23,875 tons of acetylene, respectively, +286 per cent and +2.16 per cent, respectively, and exported 15,91 million tons and 26,226 million, respectively, respectively, +326 per cent, and imported 6.54 million tons and 1.76 million tons of acetylene, respectively, respectively, +3.4 per cent and 12.7 per cent, respectively, respectively, and exported 450,000 and 1.26 million tons, respectively.
Tons, at -3.9 per cent and +88.3 per cent, respectively, over the same period last year, are expected to continue at a higher rate of export as the domestic industry expands rapidly and future imports of HFOs slow or slows down. 2.2 Coal-fed companies continue to expand production capacity.
The main products of the company ' s coal-based industry are polyethylene, polypropylene, the company ' s first use of gasification technology to convert coal into synthetic gas, the production of methanol based on gas amalgamation, and the production of acetylene by methanol through selective conversion and further polymerization to produce polyethylene and polypropylene.
In 2023, the company added 196,000 tonnes of coal capacity, a 24% increase in the same year, and 900,000 tonnes of new polyethylene and polypropene production capacity, a 75% increase in the same year. By the end of 2023, the company had a total production project of three sets of acrylic hydrocarbons, a total production capacity of 2.2 million tonnes/year, polyethylene.
2.1 million tonnes/year, 250,000 tonnes/year, with an additional 3 million tonnes/year NFO project under construction. As of the semi-annual report in 2024, the Inner Mongolia project had invested 15.331 billion yuan. In November 2024, the first production line with an annual production capacity of 1 million tonnes/year of ACL entered the pilot production line of 2.3 tonnes/year and its profitability stabilized.
The 2013-2024 ethylene price and Brent crude oil price, average market prices for power coal, coefficients for market prices for ethane 0.73, 0.09 and 0.17, respectively, for acrylic prices and Brent crude oil prices, average market prices for power coal, market prices for propane, 0.49, -020, 0.41, respectively. The ethylene price and international oil prices are highly relevant, and the price for acryne is the same due to the more even distribution of process routes.
At the macro level, inflationary pressure in the United States has subsided, the Fed has fallen, the dollar index is weak, or supports commodity prices such as crude oil. On the geopolitical front, tensions between Israel and Hezbollah in Lebanon have been mixed.
The risk of spillovers from conflict in the Middle East has increased, while the conflict in the Russian Federation continues. Opec+ countries have re-adjusted production plans, and the eight OPEC and non-OPEC oil-producing countries agreed at their ministerial-level meeting in June to extend the annual average of 1.65 million barrels per day announced in April 2023 until the end of December 2025 and to extend the voluntary reduction measures of 2.2 million barrels per day in eight member countries.
In its December monthly report, OPEC projected an increase of 1.6 million barrels per day in global oil demand in 2024, compared to an expected 1.8 million barrels in 2024.
/day; in December ' s Crude Oil Monthly Bulletin, iea projected an increase in world oil demand of 840,000 barrels per month and 1.1 million barrels per day for 2024/2025, respectively. With regard to stocks, as at 13 December, the total stock of United States crude oil stocks, including strategic reserves, was 814 million barrels, 415,000 barrels less than in the previous week, of which 421 million barrels in United States commercial crude oil stocks, 934,000 barrels less than in the previous week; and the total stock of United States gasoline stocks, 934,000 barrels less than in the previous week.
At the end of the supply, domestic production is stable, and imports of coal are growing rapidly. According to the National Statistical Office, in the first 11 months of 2024, China ' s total original coal production was 4.32 billion tons, an increase of 1.2 per cent and imports of 490 million tons.
The rapid increase in coal imports, which is 14.8% long, is mainly due to the price advantage of imported coal compared to domestic coal of the same value, and the high acceptance of imported coal by domestic coal companies. At the consumer end, demand for coal has remained strong, with an increase of 5.0% in industrial power generation of 8568.7 billion kWh in the first 11 months of 2024.
Continuing growth, on the other hand, industrial growth is accelerating, and demand for chemical coal is expected to pick up. Overall, coal demand remains strong and domestic production remains stable, but there is still room for an upswing in imports, based on price differentials within and outside coal, and we expect coal to be supply-demand-resistance-or-exceededed, coal-priced or weak in 2025.
Figure 30. Profits from the processing of head acetylene (2018-2024) According to our calculations, in 2023, the annual averages were $1213.06, $866.98 and $934.55 per ton, respectively, and 0.23 per cent, +219.79 per cent and +252.55 per cent respectively.
The annual averages for acetylene and pdh process acetylene were $312.94, 809.01 and -675.73, respectively. The averages for acetylene, coal acetylene and pdh process acetylene were -601.62, 1038.98 and -14.81 per cent, respectively, at the end of October 2024.
768.78 ton, +92.25 per cent, +28.42 per cent and +13.77 per cent respectively. For 2025, oil prices are high, coal prices are down, and the processing profits of coal-based hydrocarbons are expected to remain high as domestic demand is restored.
Figure 35. Profit of the three process routes for Ethylene (2018-2024) Based on our calculations, based on the US dollar/RMB exchange rate of 7.2, the single ton cost of ethylene sulfide oil at an oil price of US$ 70/bail is approximately US$ 5830, which is equivalent to the cost of coal at 1064/t; and coal at US$ 850/t
Subsidiarily, the cost per ton of coal-based ethylene is about $5060, and crude oil prices need to fall to $58 per barrel to be equally cost competitive. Figure 37. Cost balance of oil-headed coal-based ethylene.
In March 2017, the National Development Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Informationization issued the Program for the Innovative Development of the Modern Coal Industry (hereinafter referred to as “the Program”), which includes four demonstration areas for the modern Coal Industry in Mongolia: Ordos, Xianxilin, Ningxiingdong and Xinjiang, as well as the decentralization of the new coal-cylene and aromatic projects included in the Program to the provincial governments.
As a complement to the Programme, the six departments jointly issued the Circular of the National Development Reform Commission and others on the Promotion of Health in the Modern Coal Industry (hereinafter referred to as “the Circular”), which states that new coal-based hydrocarbon projects that were not previously included in the Programme are subject to evaluation and approval by the provincial governments for their inclusion in the Programme.
The company ' s coal-processing capacity, located in Ning Shaningdong, Ordos, Inner Mongolia, is located in the Modern Coal Industry Model Area of the Program ' s Plan. The Guidance for Supporting the Construction of a Model Zone for the Modern Coalized Industry in the City of Ordos, issued by the Office of the People ' s Government of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region in October 2022, lists the company ' s intra-Mongolian coal-chemical project as a major demonstration project.
The company’s home office is located at Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base, one of China’s “Golden Triangle” energy industry.
The new coal-based materials of Inner Mongolia Ltd., which invests in the construction, has 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons and 400,000 tonnes/year-long green hydrogen cocoupled hydrocarbons project, located in Ordos, Mongolia, in another core area of the Golden Triangle, where coal resources are abundant, production chain raw materials are well supplied, easily accessible and the raw materials are less costly, and the Inner Mongolia subsidiary is closer to major product marketing areas such as North China and East China.
Logistics transport is well-developed and transport costs are much lower.2.5 Efficient investment and technological progress shape production at low cost compared to stellar oil cracking (nsc) and coal-based (cmto) route raw materials, but with high energy consumption and high investment in projects.
In 2023, we calculated the cost of production of the company cmto route single ton of hydrocarbons at around $6165, with raw coal and accessories, fuel coal, depreciation and amortization, labour costs at 54.45%, 14.23%, 9.89%, and 4.23% respectively. According to the Environmental Review of the Coal Hydrocarbons project of the companies and the announcement, the amount of energy invested per unit, and the consumption of raw materials per unit of product, in the bountiful energy coal project is at a low level in the industry.
Figure 39. Cost composition of the company cmtoline (2023) Commission, Sino-Soldier Securities Corporation, which has the technological advantage of introducing, absorbing, in the course of project construction, a number of state-of-the-art technologies from national and international coal-chemicals.
In 2023, the company completed scientific research projects such as methanol slag reduction, developed rapid-response electrolytic hydrogen devices and systems, carried out 33 research projects on science and technology clearances and applications of new technologies, participated in 10 revisions of national, industry and group standards and received 38 patent authorizations.
In November 2020, the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Association organized a scientific and technical evaluation of the technology, which found that its treatment of methanol had increased significantly, and that its consumption had decreased significantly.
There has been a significant decrease in the energy consumption of bitylene hydrocarbons. China reported a 47.54 per cent energy conversion efficiency after the complete completion of the Green Hydrogen + Coal project, a water consumption of 9.16 tonnes/tonne per product, a energy consumption of 1.71 tonnes of coal/tonne per unit product, and an improvement in energy efficiency indicators over the current industry pole level.
132.41 million tonnes/year (reduced to 111.52 million tonnes/year after five years of green hydrogen implant). The ratio of maleic hydrocarbons to raw materials coal has reached 2.76 tonnes, resulting in savings of about 1.20 tonnes per ton of raw materials and a reduction of single ton of fuel used for production to about 0.44 tonnes, compared to the current capacity. 2.6 Coalification is compatible with new energy sources and meets the requirements of new-quality productivity development.
In June 2023, six departments, including the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly issued a circular on the promotion of the health of the modern coal industry, emphasizing the promotion of the green low-carbon development of modern coal industry, including the acceleration of large-scale low-energy capture with high concentrations of carbon dioxide and storage, the development and industrialization of high-value-added chemical technologies; and the enhancement of the integrated development and use of traditional and new energy sources to promote the development of traditional and new energy sources.
Complementarities between coal, gas, wind and light power: Promoting new projects to achieve industry leadership in fresh water consumption per ton of products. There are new requirements for coal discharge and water use for coal-chemical projects.
Green methanol, green ammonia, green hydrocarbons, and green fuels are produced using “green hydrogen” as an alternative to fossil energy. In 2023, the company reduced its CO2 equivalent by replacing coal with “green hydrogen”, “green oxygen” and fuel coal with hydrogen oxygen.
Some 15.78 per cent of fuel-efficient coal use and 5.82 per cent of production water are saved. 2.7 The production of HFOs is expected to continue to increase. Corporate production of HFOs is expected to continue. At the end of 2019, the company raised funds for the formal production of HFO2 and expanded production of HFOs in 2020.
Production grew by 54.79% in the same year. In 2021, 2022, the company did not have any additional capacity, but it remained fully productive, and the first series of annual production production of 1 million tonnes of AFOs was in the experimental production phase in November. In February 2024, the company ' s 250,000 tonnes/yeareva device was put into production, and as of mid-2024, it was reported that the transition from blowing to photovoltaic production had been completed.
In the first half of the year, 792 million tons were produced, contributing 631 million yuan. With the release of new production capacity from the Inner Mongolia project, it is expected that in the future, the industry will be able to integrate coal and coke production operations, and that the carbon industry will be expected to repair the low demand for 3.1 coke downstream, with the industry at the bottom of the cycle.
Charcoal is a traditional coal-based industrial product, usually obtained through high-temperature distillation, which can be used as a reduction agent, energy and supply year. The country ' s charcoal production rose from 446 million tons to 478 million tons per year, at an average compound rate of 1.42 per cent per year. In the first half of 2024, our charcoal production amounted to 232.0106 million tons, a decrease of 4.88 per cent from the previous year.
On the demand side, the iron and steel industry is the main downstream of coke, and by the end of 2023 about 85% was used in the iron and steel industry, 5% in non-ferrous metal smelting and 5% in foundry and iron alloy smelting. Thus, the climate of coke is closely related to the iron and steel industry.
Figure 47. Our coke consumption (from 2018 to 2024h1) shows a consumption of 1,097 million tons of steel, an increase of 0.74 per cent in the same year. Supply and demand show an unsatisfactory recovery in demand for iron and steel, persistently high stocks, and surplus supply.
On 3 April 2024, departments such as the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Informatics conducted research and deployments on the regulation of crude steel production in 2024, with the aim of promoting structural adjustment and optimization of the steel industry. Looking to the city, we believe that, as a result of the weak landscape of the downstream steel industry, the coke industry has either been under pressure or short-term, but the caloric-coal price difference has been historically low.
In part, as our macro-policies continue to add up, the steel industry is expected to recover and demand or increase gradually in the coke sector.
The company's coal industry chain, which is based on the production of indigenous coal and the export of former coal, has been blended, washed and produced in fine coal, Chinese coal, coal and saltite, and has been blended in in proportion to the export of refined coal, producing coke through the process of cokering, and producing coker gas by co-production as of 2024.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s total coke production capacity was 7 million tonnes/year, while coal production capacity was 10.12 million tonnes, of which its own capacity was 8.2 million tonnes.
Iron and steel smelting is the main downstream of coke, divided into first, second, third, higher, smaller ash, smaller as sulfur, and higher in mechanical and post-reaction strength. The main product of corporate carcinogenization is non-grade metallurgy, chemical coke, and the production of coke, which can be divided by cooling, which can be divided into wet, dry, dry, and water spraying, which is called wet.
Lighting, which cools the aromatic coke with cold inert gas (usually nitrogen), is called drying. Drying is a technique that avoids the atmospheric pollution caused by wetting, recovers heat in the aromatic coke, and improves the quality of the coke, with clear advantages in terms of environmental efficiency, energy efficiency, and economic efficiency. In the third quarter of 2023, the company ' s coke product was completely replaced by drying.
The company owns four coal mines from the Marlene, the Four Springs, the Red Four Coal and the Dingjiang Coal, and 40 per cent of the capacity of the Red and Red Two Coal mines. By the first half of 2024, the company produced 10.12 million tons of the total capacity of the coal mine, of which 8.2 million tons of capacity, 50 per cent of the fine coal production, and about 45 per cent of the company ' s cokerated coal self-sufficiency in 2023. In addition, corporate coal production had a cost advantage, root.
According to the company ' s publicly disclosed investor research bulletin, the cost of the Mallian coal mine is about 100 yuan/tonne and the cost of the Red Four coal mine is about 165 yuan/tonne. The company ' s coke production was fully sold. By the end of 2023, the company had a total capacity of 7 million tons of coke, in 2023 it produced 6.9803 million tons of coke, in 99.72 per cent of capacity, in 6.9755 million tons of coke sold and in 99.93 per cent of production.
Corporate centrifugation plants are located at Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base, one of the “Golden Triangles” of China's energy industry, with a one-time planning of the company's industrial chain, a centralized layout, integration advantages, and rich coal resources around it, which can guarantee the efficient operation of stable supplies of raw materials and devices, as well as a significant reduction in energy consumption, logistics costs, and management costs. According to company announcements, in the first half of 2024, companies gasated coal,
The average unit purchase price (excluding taxes) for coker and power coal is 561.73 yuan, 1115.44 yuan, 427.84 yuan/tonne, or 15.50 per cent, 12.88 per cent and 18.28 per cent, respectively, by the same percentage.
Figure 55. Coal prices (including taxes) and market prices purchased by the company (the profit of 3.3 caloric plates in 2018 is expected to be repaired The product of silicon is at the bottom of the cycle and the profit is steady.
As the coke industry recovers in the future, the caloric plate performance is expected to recover. The scale of the fine chemical product matrix enrichment business has steadily increased.
As of mid-2024, the company ' s fine industrial chain, which is an extension of the industry chain of caramel and the industry chain of acrylic hydrocarbons, was reported to have a fine industrial product of 1.04 million tonnes/year, covering such products as remodelled asphalt, pure benzene, mbte, etc. 4.1 Fine chemical product prices are more relevant to oil prices
Most of the company’s refined chemical products are located in the downstream industrial chain of crude oil. The pure benzene market is dominated by petroleum benzene; mtbe is mostly generated through carbon four (mainly by-products of refineries) and ethanol reactions: the upstream raw materials of styrene are pure benzene and ethylene, closely related to oil.
The company is expected to maintain a better level of profitability for its refined chemical products. 4.2 The production of refined chemicals is increasing, and the profitability is stable.
Deep processing, with the production of modified asphalt, with the production of crude benzene made of hydrogen and pure benzene; deep-processing production of carbon resulting from the production of methanol-based acetylene; mtbe: the company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year styrene project was completed in 2023, with an increase of 24% in the capacity of fine-chemistry industries.
In 2019-2023, the production capacity of the company ' s fine-chemical block grew by 44%, and in the volatile market environment, the rate of the fine-chemical branch was 41.58%, showing better profitability, and in the future the profitability of the fine-chemicals will increase or increase steadily with the launch of the Inner Mongolia Hydrocarbons project.
Figure 60. The company's fine-chemistry plate collection and the Maori rate (2019-2024h1) Assuming that 1.Fahide plate: the price differential for coal remains high, new production capacity from the Inner Mongolia base is released on schedule, projected to be 2024-2026, total Fahrenheit plate 2024-2026.
Assumption 3. Fine-chemical plates: As a result of the release of acetylene device, fine chemical products such as styrene operate at full capacity and maintain profitability.
High, the product structure is superior to the company’s use of coal as a feedstock to achieve a safe and stable supply of raw materials. While the company’s relative valuation is now higher than the average for the traditional coal and petrochemical industries, it looks at the company’s unique industrial chain advantage and the pace of new projects coming into operation is not as fast as expected.
The company has a large capacity for intra-Mongolian projects if the pace of implementation slows down or rents, or leads to less than anticipated profit projections. Significant fluctuations in crude oil and coal prices.
The price of corporate products has a negative impact, if the price of coal fluctuates significantly, or has an adverse impact on the company’s production costs and inventory value. Corporate production of chemical products and coal mining have certain risks. Insecurity factors such as high temperature pressure, flammable and explosive, toxic and harmful gases remain in the production of modern coal products. Insecurity factors such as gas, coal dust, water damage, fires, etc. also exist in coal mining