\triangleright achieved business income of $20,235.5 million, an increase of 84 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers of $71,887 million, the same amount.
\triangleright up speed, oil and gas sales increased exponentially. 1) Volume: in the first half of 2022, net corporate production of oil and gas reached project delivery, as well as an increase in Cao Cao's 6-4 and non-conventional production on land; net overseas production was 88.0 million barrels.
Oil equivalents increased by 3.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly from Guyana Liza II and Brazil ' s buzios production, s01052111009 litres. 2) Prices: due to geopolitical influences, global oil and gas prices rose sharply in the first half of the year, with 22h1 companies achieving oil
Price of $103.85 per barrel, 66.5 per cent; gas price of $8.07/dry cubic foot, 22.3 per cent; strong cost-control capacity, with increased taxes leading to a rise in the main cost of barrel oil.
The company ' s main cost of barrel oil in the first half of 2022 was $30.32 per barrel, an increase of only 4.62 per cent over the same period, and China ' s depth of sea oil (600938.sh) reported an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year of $7.77 per barrel, mainly due to the increase in fuel prices and some oil field repairs and works.
Increased workload in the industry; depreciation of barrel oil was amortized at $14.52 per barrel, a decrease of 8.0 per cent over the same period. Overall, the cost management capacity of the Division is good, and the main cost of barrel oil remains relatively strong.
Thirteen new projects, including the 12-8 oilfield development project for the eastern zone of the Riau region, the Liza II project in Guyana and the mero phase project in Brazil, were scheduled to become operational, with a combined maximum yield of 74.5 million barrels of oil equivalent/day; nine new projects were still pending production in the second half of the year, with a combined maximum yield of 130 million barrels of oil equivalent/day.
In addition, the company discovered about 110 million tons of oil equivalent in geological discovery in its 19-2 and 26-6 large medium-sized businesses in its new domestic discoveries; overseas, in addition to two new discoveries in the first quarter of Guyana ' s Stabroek block, three new discoveries in the second quarter and two new discoveries in July, respectively, are currently available in the sector.
About 11 billion barrels of oil equivalents provide a solid basis for companies to go to production in the future. Investment advice: the company has a high margin of production, a high cost advantage, and a high performance elasticity in the context of high oil prices.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.