High-view core high-quality poles to value the space repair event: 25 August 2022, China Sea Oil released its semi-annual report for 2022. Shanghai Sea Oil 2022 (600938.sh)
Chen Sook-hyun, cfa \triangleright tremor, Brent crude oil at an average price of $111.98 per barrel, an increase of 62.46 per cent over the same period, ring growth
The net production of oil and gas by the research assistant in the Ho-Xiaoping petrochemicals industry amounted to 153.8 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 9.54 per cent in the same year and 1.85 per cent in the ring, of which the production of oil liquids was 120.9 million barrels, an increase of 8.63 per cent in the same year and 1.09 per cent in the ring.
Natural gas production increased by 13.24 per cent and the ring by 3.64 per cent, from 19.7 billion cubic feet in the same year to 19.7 billion cubic feet in the same year, mainly due to the introduction of projects such as Deep Sea I, Fluid 21-2 and 19-4 in the south of the country, as well as the rise in the 6-4 and non-conventional production on land of Cao Cao Cao, and the launch of the Guyana Liza II projects overseas.
Production contribution of Western Buzios. China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) First Cover Report: High Oil + Low Valuation + High Valuables, China Sea Oil
The core value of investment in China and China is the low-cost advantage. Low-cost is the core competition for oil companies.
Power, which is also key to raising profits and countering the risk of oil price volatility, has led companies to pay for low- and medium-income oil prices.
Against this background, the cost of barrel oil was $30.32 per barrel, compared to 4.60 per cent for the same year, and the ring increased by only 4.60 per cent for the same year.
High dividends on a continuous basis: $7.77 (year-on-year + $0.46), depreciation and amortization of barrel oil: $14.52 China Sea Oil (600938.sh): high oil prices + low
Valuation + high dividends continue to be realized, with China Sea oil running costs of $2.29 (as compared with $0.06) and other taxes of $4.79 (as compared with $ 1.98) remaining relatively high cost advantages for the company. In our view, global offshore oils remain relatively high.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): How is China Sea Oil still relatively surplus in the industry, and although oil prices have risen, the cost of operating the garments has increased only marginally and is valued with it? 2022.04.22
The company continues to step up its exploration and development efforts, particularly in large deep-sea oil fields such as Guyana, where reserves, 2201 Prospective + 21 Special and Production Size will be further increased, depreciation amortization costs are expected to remain low, and companies are expected to make low barrel oil.
High oil prices + low valuations + the competitive advantage will continue to be consolidated. + high dividends continue to be paid + 2022.04.29
The results of the exploration were to consolidate the resource base for the company ' s sustainable development. 2022h1, the company insisted on value exploration, " High oil prices + low cost + increased production, contributing to a total of 9 new discoveries, successful evaluation of 16 hydrocarbon-containing structures. 4 new launches were made in China ' s maritime area.
2022.07.14 At present, 26-6 in thong, 19-2 in thong, 14-6 in Jinzhou and 19-3 in Mungchang. Of these, 26-6 in thugs and 19-2 in thugs have been identified as large- and medium-sized commercial discoveries.
In addition, unconventional exploration is gaining ground, and the company’s first sea-level shale, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The drilling and crushing tests of the oil silhouette-1 wells were successfully completed, and the deep-coal well cracking works on the ground were successfully completed.
In the first half of the year, the company completed the exploration of 152 wells (7 overseas and 31 off-shore) and collected three-dimensional seismic data of 10167 square kilometres.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period, include $8.7 billion in exploration expenditure, $21.9 billion in development expenditure, and $10.4 billion in production expenditure, which provides a strong guarantee for the future increase in production.
Phase projects, 10 new projects expected to start production in the course of the year: overseas, 3m (mda, mbh, mac) projects in Indonesia have been completed and a peak of 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day is expected to be produced during the year. 2) Reclamation 6-1 oilfield 10-1 North Block Development Project has been completed
Preparation for installation, with a projected peak output of 0.71 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. 3) Nping 15-1 oil field development project completed catheter and platform installation, with a projected peak post-partum output of 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. 4) 1 stage of construction of a condensed gas field in the Quantium 19-6, with projected peak production
The construction of the 31-1 gas field development project in Jinzhou began successfully with a projected peak production of 0.21 million barrels of oil equivalent/day. 6) The installation of the equipment was completed for the south-eastern region of the 1st gas field in the east and the 22nd-1 gas field development project in Ledong, with a projected peak production of 0.29 million barrels of oil.
On the national land side, the project to develop the South Gas Field of the capital and the 4/5 Development Area in the middle of the boom began construction and the installation of equipment was completed by the Pan River Pine Gas Development Project, with a projected high yield of 0.95, 0.65, and 0.21 million barrels of oil equivalent/day, respectively.
Accelerating the development of green low-carbon systems and further expanding the application of onshore power. 2022 \triangleright h1, the company used green power for the first time in a large scale on a offshore platform, with 186 million kilowatts expected to be eliminated during the year.
The company is actively exploring a new model for the maritime “negative carbon” industry, the first demonstration project for carbon sequestration in China's sea, the Enpin Fields ccs/ccus demonstration project, and the construction of a carbon dioxide storage module. The company has also jointly launched China's first sea scale in the Bay of Asia.
ccs/ccus cluster research project. The company is proactive in responding to energy transformation trends, making full use of its sea and ocean advantages, promoting the integration of its hydrocarbon and new energy operations, accelerating the development of offshore wind power, opting for better land-based windlights. The company is active in gaining access to land- and sea-based wind resources and successfully winning the Sea Gold Mountain Sea.
The wind farm phase, which successfully delivered the first offshore oil field photovoltaic station, the Luozhou photovoltaic station, began construction of the first “two hundred” far-reaching sea floating wind at depths of more than 100 metres from shore.
The pre-scaling commitment is being honoured, with high oil prices of $70.3 billion in net profit for 2010-2014, with interest payments exceeding 80% for the year and end-of-life + special interest payments of 66%. In China Sea Oil ' s 2022 strategic outlook, companies have expressed the need to maintain high capital spending.
China Sea oils are undervalued and there is room for restoration. Companies have shown greater profitability, weaker volatility and better asset quality than other oil companies in the \triangleright oil price cycle.
Volume. During the 2010-2020 oil price cycle, China Sea oil h/e was roughly 9-13 times lower than the domestic and international average of comparable peers, and we believe that the company ' s 2022-2024a stock valuation office has, in contrast, significant value repair space for companies.
In the short term, demand-side political instability in Eastern Europe has slowed the pace of global economic recovery, and the resulting energy supply, in response to tension and soaring prices, has further curbed the demand for crude oil at the supply end, where the effects of the Russian-Turkish conflict are already under way.
The remaining production capacity at the end of the year was depleted, the other oil-producing countries were willing to increase their production but were unable to do so, the United States shale oil recovered but the production growth was limited, and the United States strategic crude oil reserve had reached its lowest level since 1985, and we believe that after the conflict in Russia, even taking into account the fact that
Demand recovery slowed and the global crude oil supply and demand gap remained in 2022, with oil prices operating at a high level, but the production cycle for traditional oil fields was long and the supply of new crude oil was limited each year; and the long-term growth of the capacity of the United States shale oil was influenced by energy policies, investor pressure, rising costs and the depletion of high-quality blocks, among other things.
Limited power and bottlenecks; combined with the US strategic crude oil reserves released in 2022 that will be replenished over the next few years, limited commercial crude oil stocks on the market; bp, Shell and other European and American energy companies committed to a gradual reduction in crude oil production; and Russia will accelerate the decline in production due to insufficient capital spending.
Less, Russia’s long-term production may be declining; the US and Iran negotiations are uncertain, but even if Iran releases all of its remaining capacity, only 1 million barrels per day. And we expect that global crude oil demand will be sustained every year in 2023-2025, even in view of the slowdown in growth and the transformation of old and new energy sources.
Given the volume increase of 100 to 1.5 million barrels per day, the crude oil supply capacity is more difficult to meet the increase in demand, and we believe that the global crude oil supply and demand gap will persist over the medium to long term, oil prices will run at long-term high levels, profitability projections and investment ratings: we project the company ' s net profits for 2022-2024, respectively
a The shares are 6.13, 5.82 and 5.39 times the shares and the shares are 3.28, 3.11, 1.88 times the shares. Considering that the company benefits from the rise in crude oil prices and the high price cycle period is at the absolute bottom and is significantly below the industry level and enjoys high dividends, I
They maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company’s a and h shares. Risk factors: recurring epidemics, economic fluctuations, and downside risk of oil prices; the company’s not saving up as fast as expected; economic sanctions; and geopolitical risks.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil fields, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. 2021 Hu Xiao Yi, assistant research assistant in the petrochemicals industry. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of South-West Finance, July 2022.
Liu Xing, a team member. Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Science, Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.