High oil prices + low-cost + increased production, aid valuation repair event: 14 July 2022, China Sea Oil issued an announcement for an increase in mid-2022 performance. According to China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) billion yuan, an increase of 112-118 per cent from the previous year; net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation to the mother of 69.8-71.5 billion yuan, an increase from the previous year
The company seized the opportunity to continue to increase exploration and exploitation efforts and to increase productivity in storage. Liza II came into production in February 2022, with a peak of 220,000 barrels per day and a peak of 55,000 barrels per day in China and China during the year.) Brazil, May 2022.
In the first phase of production, 180,000 barrels per day of crude oil production and about 17.4 million barrels per day of China Sea oil equity production. The country achieved annual crude oil production of about 4,700 barrels per day, peak production of about 10,000 barrels per day, annual profits from China Sea oil production of about 2397 barrels per day, and maximum equity production of 5,100 barrels per day.)) In April 2022, the country achieved annual crude oil production of about 4,700 barrels per day, peaked production of about 10,000 barrels per day, and annual gains from China Sea oil production of about 2397 barrels per day, peak interest production of 5,100 barrels per day.)
The completion of the first phase of the BJN 5-2 North Field Project and the development of the 6-1 Field Field Area 4-1 project are expected to result in a significant increase in the company ' s performance during the first half of the year, owing to the company ' s combined peak production of 80,000 barrels per day of additional crude oil, both within and outside the country.
China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) First Cover Report: High Oil + Low Valuation + High Valuation + High Valuable Interest, China and China Oil Oil Oil Oil Oil Oil Production Cycles, which drives long-term high international oil prices and triggers high energy inflation.
2022.01.25 At the end of demand, the volatile political situation in Eastern Europe has slowed the pace of global economic recovery, triggering energy supply
Re-issuance, Rehabilitation of the China Sea Oil Equities + Tight and soaring prices further discourage demand for crude oil at the supply end, the impact of the Russian-Turkish conflict is already having elastic performance 2022.02.25
It began to appear in May that Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates had the capacity but no apparent willingness to increase their production, and that by 2022, " Accelerating the launch of a returna, high oil prices + low valuation + remaining productive capacity at the end of the year was depleted, and the other oil-producing countries had the will to increase their production but lost production capacity " .
High dividends continue to materialize. 2022.04.01 Increased production capacity, US shale oil recovery but limited bottlenecks in production growth, US strategic crude oil reserve China Sea oil (600938.sh): High oil prices + low
Having reached its lowest level since 1985, we believe that after the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, even in view of the continuing high valuation + dividends, the recovery of the Chinese-Sea oil has slowed, the global crude oil supply and demand gap remained in 2022, and oil prices are operating at a high level.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): What about China Sea Oil, but the production cycle for traditional oil fields is long, with limited supply of new crude oil each year; energy policy and valuation? 2022.04.22
Impacts such as investor pressure, rising costs, high-quality block depletion, long-term growth in shale oil in the United States, 2201 Prospective + 21 special limited and bottlenecks; and US strategic crude oil released in 2022 to be replenished in the coming years
Interest, high oil prices + low valuation Reserves, limited commercial crude oil stock on the market; bp, Shell, etc. Energy Europe and America are committed to + high dividends on a sustained basis. 2022.04.29
Green energy will gradually reduce crude oil production; Russia will accelerate the decline in production capacity due to insufficient capital spending, and Russia will either decline in long-term production; and the United States and Iran will negotiate with uncertainty, but even if Iran releases all its remaining capacity, it will be only 1 million barrels per day. And we expect that even if we take account of the economy,
Given the slowdown in the rate of growth and the transformation of old and new sources of energy, that global demand for crude oil will remain at an annual rate of between 1 million and 1.5 million barrels per day in 2023-2025, and that crude oil supply capacity will be more difficult to meet, we believe that global demand and supply gaps for crude oil will persist over the medium to long term, and oil prices will operate at long-term high levels.
The core value of oil investment in China and China is low-cost. Low-cost is the core competition for oil companies.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, is also key to raising profits and countering the risk of oil price volatility, making the company low and medium oil prices.
During the first quarter of the year, international oil prices continued to climb to over $100, raising the company ' s barrel oil cost to $30.59 per barrel, with barrel oil operating costs of $7.52 (+0.74), barrel oil depreciation and amortization of $14.94 (+0.96) and barrel oil disposal.
The United States dollar), other taxes of $4.61 (the same year + $2.06), while still maintaining a relatively high positive advantage. We believe that the global offshore garment industry is still relatively surplus and that, despite the rise in oil prices, the cost of handling the uniforms has increased only marginally, and as companies continue to increase their exploration efforts, in particular,
China and China maintain high capital spending and output growth. Production policy increases in domestic reserves and in China.
In 2021, the company produced 573 million barrels of oil equivalent. By 2022, the company's net oil and gas production target will be 600-610 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which China accounts for some.
One million barrels of oil equivalent and 680-690 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which China accounts for about 65%, overseas for about 35%, and overseas production for the next three years. On the basis of the above data, we expect the company ' s barrel equivalent, with an annual net production target of 730 million barrels of oil equivalent, the increase in oil and gas production will be driven by growth.
Sea-based oil and gas exploitation offers vast scope for the company to develop its sustainable development potential. From the early 1950s, we began to work on oil and gas exploration on land, but only in the 1980s did we travel to the sea.
At present, there has been weak growth in the additional reserves of oil and gas on land, and there is greater exploration and exploitation space for marine oil and gas. According to the Fourth National Assessment of Hydrocarbon Resources in 2016, the detection rates for conventional oil on land and in marine areas are 40 per cent and 32 per cent, respectively, and for technology 45 per cent and 33 per cent, respectively.
According to the China Ocean Energy Development Report 2021 issued by the China Sea Oil Group Energy Economics Research Institute on 14 January 2022, our marine production is projected to reach 57.6 million tons of marine crude oil in 2021, an increase of about 5.4% over the same period.
China’s maritime area is the China Sea Oil Core Field, and China Sea Oil has now applied to the state for mine certificates for areas with potential for development in China’s maritime area. More than 90% of the area is owned by China Sea Oil.
China Sea oil is undervalued, and there is room for restoration. Companies have shown greater profitability, weaker volatility, and better asset quality across the oil price cycle than other oil companies. In the 2010-2020 oil price cycle, China Sea oil is roughly 9-13 times higher than China Sea oil.
We believe that the company’s valuation service for 2022-2024a has, in contrast, significant value-recovering space. High dividends lead, highlighting the value of the company’s investments.
In the last 10 years, China and China have seen a gradual increase in the rate of dividends, and in 2020, China and China, more than many international oil companies, showed greater resilience and greater cash flow during low oil prices. In 2021, the company made a net profit of $70.3 billion, with a higher rate of interest payments throughout the year.
Over 80%, with an end-of-life + SPI rate of 66%. In China Sea Oil ' s 2022 strategic outlook, the company stated that it would have to maintain a 7% increase in oil and gas production from high capital spending while also ensuring a profit forecast and investment rating: we projected a net profit for the company for 2022-2024, respectively.
\triangleright a share corresponds to 5.92, 5.37 and 4.98 times the price of the round, h to 2.97, 2.69 and 2.49 times the price of the round, respectively.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating of corporate shares a and h. Risk factors: recurring epidemics, economic fluctuations, and downside risk of oil prices; and the company’s rate of production increase.
\triangleright and expected risks; economic sanctions; and geopolitical risks. B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for crude oil prices, oil fields.
Industrial chain studies, such as mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment appraisals for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sindha Asset Management Corporation. 2021 The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical observations or observations in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.