Media game 2019 h1 performance meets market expectations and will contribute most of the profits throughout the year. Events: The company recently published its semi-annual 2019 report, and the company achieved operating income in the first half of 2019.
In the first half of 2019, the company's game business grew better and was a major contributor to the income end. The company's major game products, The Holy Land, The Shinigami, and Tribal Conflict, all showed good results. The company's net profit was largely derived from the company's net profit.
With $327 million in investment earnings for fun shops, the company's total investment returns amount to $391 million, representing the company's total profits. In 2019, recreational activities helped to centralize interactive entertainment products, try to break the boundaries of chess products, and made more innovation in the field of leisure and interactive entertainment.
The “vertical + horizontal” business expansion model takes full advantage of the commercial value of its leisure and recreation platform. Leisure and recreation continue to grow vertically in the chess game, while continuing to grow vertically in the field of chess games, through horizontal trajectories, total equity/flow (million shares)
New liquidity patterns, such as combined games, advertising and so forth, have been effective in increasing the online length and use of stickers within the platform, overall market value/flow (millions of dollars), adding new income growth points and optimizing the business system and income structure.
Given the company's Internet platform properties, companies are given an “additional” rating, published in the corresponding company's semi-annual report for 2019, and the company's operating income for the first half of 2019 was $3.656 billion, a decline of 0.29 per cent.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 1,020 million yuan, an increase of 30.50 per cent over the same period. The deduction for non-recurring company shareholders in 2019 has grown better. In the first half of 2019, the company's game business has grown better and is a major contributor to the income end.
In the first half of the year, it was $143 million and its value was close to $2,000. In the first half of the year, it was $166 million, and in the first half of the year, it was $131 million. In addition, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Klenley, received the National Press and Publications Agency for self-study tours on 8 August 2019.
The game is expected to be commercialized in the second half of 2019, when the game is presented in the mobile version of The Sencian Man. Outside the game, the company’s social platform grindr received $354 million, a 41.7 per cent increase compared to the 41.7 per cent increase in the number of registered users, the number of live users, the rate of conversion of paid users, and the resulting increase in membership fees, as well as further exploitation of the platform’s advertising.
On May 14, 2019, the company announced that it had signed a major agreement with the United States Foreign Investment Review Commission to sell 100% of the stock of grindr by June 30, 2020. If the sale is completed, the company can recognize a large investment gain and channel the net profits of the company to other business operations, mainly from the $327 million in investment earnings for the fun shop, with a total investment return of 391 million yuan.
In 2019, leisure and recreation focused on traditional niche markets, continuing with the “vertical + horizontal” business expansion model, fully developed.
The commercial value of their leisure and recreation platforms. Leisure and recreation continue to grow vertically in the area of chess games through continuous innovation in research and development and operation, while also effectively increasing the online length and stickyness of users within the platform, adding new income growth points and optimizing the business system and income structure through new liquidity models such as horizontal expansion of games and advertising.
In May 2019, the company acquired 2,275 million of the remaining 35% of each other’s shareholdings to reach 100%. The company’s game product is currently well run, while recreational activity will continue to provide a steady cash flow to the company, adding up the company’s dollar and $1.372, corresponding to 12.03 times, 10.23 times and 9.16 times the number of pe. Taking into account the company’s Internet platform properties, give
Cultural industry systemic risks, risks of policy change.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.