Conlon into 3q21 (3759.hk/300759.ch) performance: business growth is as expected, laboratory services are visible
Each of the four core business sections has maintained high growth, and the laboratory service section has performed well. The price of maintenance is RMB 208.5. RMB 202 million, with demand for both domestic and external orders continuing to flourish. The Māori rate is down by 1.1 pcts to 1.
36.5 per cent, due in part to the appreciation of the renminbi, the overseas operating income has put pressure on the Māori rate 3q21 net profit for the mother, deducting net profit for the mother, adjusting the non-ifrs net profit for the mother.
Services income of 3q21 increased by 42.9 per cent to $1.27 billion on a year-on-year basis, demand for overseas orders was strong, absorption was eliminated, 3q21 income increased by 36 per cent on a year-on-year basis, better than the company's previous guidelines. The company is expected to maintain a 20-30 per cent increase next year. The Māori ratio has fallen by 0.3 pcts to 0.3 pcts.
46.3 per cent, partly influenced by the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar. 2) cmc (small molecule cdmo) service income increased by 42.5 per cent to 460 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. Since most cmc is guided by laboratory services, continued high growth in laboratory services is expected to gradually pass to cmc plates.
The short- and medium-term increase in the number of cmcs will be higher than in the laboratory service plate. The rate of cmc is lower than the rate of cmc will continue to be positive. Moreover, the Shashing plant is expected to be 1.5 months behind the previous plan (early 4q21), and the impact of the fast-growing orders can be expected to be large.
To offset the downward pressure on the Māori rate as a result of the depreciation of fixed assets. 3) Clinical research clothing accounts for about 57% of China’s business income, and the total number of Smo teams is over 2,000. Māori ratio short-term impact. 4) Big molecules and cell and gene therapy demand are strong, with 2q21 buying.
Allergan (abl), which is still in the process of importing customers, abl has no income, each of which has a total market value of about RMB 50 million per quarter, and allergan has now begun to receive orders.
The average value on March (million yuan) was set at 68.0 x 2022epe, which is similar to the level of a/h premium since the company’s shares were listed in the Hong Kong stock, and we believe that the premium level is reasonable.
Scavenger attention to the international study of Pura Ying, financial statement analysis and forecasting -  (3759.hk)
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.