Researchchand developmentcenter performance is higher than expected and emerging business provides long-term development
On October 27, 2021, there was a strong growth in the main business, and four major silos worked together to advance long-term development.
Performance is higher than expected, and emerging business is providing long-term developmental energy event: companies published three-quarterly reports in 2021, and performance is higher than expected. Business revenue reached $5.302 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, i.e. +47.84 per cent, net profit to the mother of $1.04 billion, i.e. +31.81 per cent, deductions.
The net profit is $931 million, or 53.71 per cent, and the adjusted net profit from the non-repatriation is $1,048 million, an increase of 37.60 per cent. The net operating cash flow of the company is $1,416 million, or +22.15 per cent. In the third quarter of the year, the company achieved income of $2,016 million, or +44.75 per cent, and the net profit from the repatriation was net.
Four plates go hand in hand, driving high growth. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company’s four major plates \triangleright registered high growth, with laboratory services reaching 3,302 million yuan, or +42.28 per cent.
The cmc (small molecule cdmo) service achieved 1,224 million yuan, compared to 35.18 per cent, the clinical research service reached 665 million yuan, compared to 60.6 per cent, and the macromolecular and cellular and gene therapy service (cgt) made breakthrough progress, reaching 109 million yuan, an increase of 102 million yuan.
Cost rates continue to improve, and the construction of new operations and loss of exchange affect overall profit rates. Three \triangleright 2.43 pp before 2021, of which cgt plates continue to have high inputs, and the previous three quarters Māori ratio is the same as the previous three quarters.
Corporate management cost rates, which continue to decline over time. Increasing new business inputs, steadily increasing productive capacity, increasing capacity for integrated services, driving long-term growth \triangleright
During the first three quarters of 2021, cgt plate operating costs were $126 million, or +221 per cent, and the company increased its investment in abl and increased the competitiveness of cgt operations as of the end of the reporting period, following the completion of its acquisition of the UK allerganbiologicslicted (abl) in the second quarter.
The company ' s new orders will be raised significantly, the new capacity will be phased in, and the carrying power and size of the orders will be expanded and driven by long-term development. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In 2021, Jo Ya-hyun, a team member, a Master of Chemistry from the University of Xi'an, joined the Sindam Portfolio, and served as a staff member in cdmo, medicine consumption, Lee Yu-tung, team member, and a doctor of medicine from the Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences.
Baker Mankulte (Danah Group), with extensive experience in business. Joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021 and was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppc and paraxel, 2021, and entered the Sinda Securities, which was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.