Wen's shares for 2018 are forecasted against the price of the pig, which drags down the company's performance, the poultry industry's warming up the company's profits, Wei Hong Mei.
In 2018, there was a sharp fall in the prices of raw pigs. The main reasons for this fall were, on the one hand, that the high prices of pigs in the previous period, which stimulated the supplements to the 2016 and 2017 pigs, had led to a marked increase in the supply of pork since 2018. On the other hand, in the second half of 2018, the supply of pork was increased significantly.
With the outbreak of swine fever in Africa, the accelerated withdrawal of farming from the farm market, and the rapid decline in production capacity within the industry, the bird industry is warming and the profits of the chicken business are increasing. Companies are the largest yellow feathers in the world.
So far, the company has the largest number of chickens on the market in the country, the fifth largest in the world, yellow feathers, and chickens in the world. In 2017, the company had 776 million pheasant chickens, about 20% of the country ' s yellow pheasant chickens, and about 9% of the country ' s pheasant chickens. In 2018, with white pheasant chickens.
The impact of avian flu has been reduced, and demand for poultry has increased in comparison with the outbreak of swine fever in Africa. In 2018, the poultry industry recovered and the prices of poultry products rose. In 2018, the prices of company chicken sales rose by 17.6 per cent compared to the prices of chicken sales, which boosted the company.
The revenue from the chicken business is expected to contribute $2.8 billion in profits from the chicken business, and the performance forecast for the current period is $312 million due to the company ' s completion of the first restricted stock award register and the share sale in accordance with the relevant regulations.
In 2019, as a result of the rapid decline in production in the pig market, it is expected that the pig market will grow in the second half of this year due to a shortage of productive capacity.
The company's rating system's “market index” is expected to be based on 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude and an independent and objective knowledge base.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.