Flight power (600893), FDN, Air Force, Power First, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Recommended logic: (1) The company has the production capacity of a full range of aerial engines for vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, pistons, and is the only domestic supplier of three-generation main warplane engines, with a scarcity; (2) The military market is expected to release on a large scale: to achieve the goal of a 100-year military build-up, it must be supplied with advanced weapons systems
With the support of powerful material technology, our aviation equipment, especially the main warplane type, will be accelerated and replaced during the 1450s, while operational training will increase the loss of weapons such as fighter jets. Military aviation launches are expected to be released on a large scale during the 1455s: (3) commercial markets have great potential for national production substitution: according to China.
Commercial flights predict that China’s air transport market will receive 8725 main and feeder passenger aircraft over the next 20 years, with a market value of about $1.3 trillion, and that the company is expected to benefit directly from the commercial air engine replacement process. The air engine has a typical “nine-high-three-long” feature, and the radiation surface is wide, with a strong driving effect.
High-altitude, high weight ratio, high reliability and long-term reuse; high-speed, high-pressure, high-temperature and long-cycle work from the point of view of component parts of the product; and high-input, high-threshold, high-return and long-cycle from the point of view of industrial development: industrial-led development of basic industry and science and technology
To achieve the goal of a 100-year military build-up, there is an urgent need to replace national production. Compared to the United States, there is a certain gap in the number and number of military aircraft and reliance on the importation of commercial air engines.
To ensure a 100-year military build-up goal by 2020, during the 1450s our aviation equipment, especially the main warplane, will be accelerated and upgraded, and operational training will increase the loss of weapons such as fighter jets, thereby increasing the demand for aviation engines in terms of both volume and stock.
The industrial chain is monopolistic. The industrial chain of our aviation equipment consists of raw materials, spare parts, control systems, and systems of modification.
The military + commercial market needs hundreds of billions of dollars. With regard to military aviation engines, the upgrading of the main warplane type, and large-scale deployment, we've measured the acquisition of our military aircraft engines over the next decade + $3.708 billion in maintenance market space. With regard to commercial aviation engines, we do not have commercial air engine products, and for the long term, we have no commercial air engine products.
The breakthroughs in commercial air engines will create a huge growth space, with our merchandise being launched by air over the next decade + $214.4 billion in maintenance market space. • Profit predictions and investment proposals: the company, as the only company to be listed in the air engine, will benefit directly from this.
The large market demand for civil-military aviation engines in the 1455s was a major trend in substitution for national production. We note that the company is not the only listed company in the country in the field of military aviation engines, is more scarce than other mainframe plants and should enjoy a valuation premium, be covered for the first time, and be given a “holding” rating.
The military is not as loaded as expected. 1 Aerial motors are the only companies that are listed.
The development and repair of the base has created an almost complete spectrum of the country's aerodynamics host business. The company actually controls the mid-flight power with vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, pistons, and is the only domestic supplier of three generations of main jet engines. The company's main business consists of four sectors: aviation engines and derivatives, and externals.
Trade-for-export sub-contracting operations, non-avigational products and other operations, the main products and services being the production and export of civil aviation motors and their components, the production and export of civil aviation engine parts, civil-military gas turbines, military civil aviation engine maintenance and security services, and the continued improvement in the profitability of the air power. As of the third quarter of 2020, the company ' s operating income was $15,468 million.
This represents an increase of 20.90%, a net return of $634 million to the mother, an increase of 53.30%, and revenue from sub-operational aviation engine manufacturing and derivatives, which accounts for 85% of the total income from the four operations. With the accelerated reloading of weapons equipment during the 1455s, the performance of the Department is expected to remain high.
There are four main aviation engine main plants under the flag of the launch power company, West China Company, Dawn Company, South Company and Leyang, which is the main base for the development and production of civil aviation engines for large and medium-sized Chinese military, producing the main products of wp-8, wp-9 and ws-20 (under development); and the subsidiary, Dawn Company, for the first air turbine jet in New China.
The engine manufacturing industry, which is responsible for the production of the country's first autonomous intellectual property rights turbo motor - wp-14 (Quinlon) engine, the first autonomous development of a large thrust turbine fan engine - ws-10 (excellent) engine; and the Liaoyang power industry, which is working to build the country's “small and medium thrust vortex, turbo motor development, production, maintenance, service base”, which is the main product of production.
The products are wp-13, ws-13, etc.; Southern companies mainly produce small and medium-sized aviation engines, such as wj-9, wj-10, wz-11, wz-16, etc.
Aerial engines are highly complex and sophisticated thermal devices known as “the flower of industry” and “the pearls on the crown” that represent the level of technology, industry, economy, and combined national power of a country. Currently, only a few countries in the world can independently develop air engines for military use, but only the United States, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom, France, and the United States can independently develop producer flights.
The empty engines are mainly located in the UK, France and the United States, and we have now developed military aerial motives for third-generation fighter jets, large-scale use, and no commercial engine product, but are involved only in the classification of aviation engines, the state of industrial development and the pattern of competition in the global air industry chain.
Air engine classification: from pistons to jets, gas turbo engines dominate. Air engines are large and divided into two types of pistons and air jet engines. Pistons are characterized by low fuel consumption, low cost, job reliability, etc., and, for almost half a century before the jet engine was invented, are the only air vehicle available.
It is still being applied to a number of small low-speed aircraft; because jet engines do not meet the requirements of high-speed flights, air jet engines are ready for production, and are divided into two categories on the basis of the presence or absence of pressure engines, with pressure engines (i.e. gas turbines) currently in the dominant position, driven by gas turbines following combustion chambers, with high thrust weight ratios, high reliability, long life expectancy, low levels
Oil consumption, low signal characteristics, low life-long costs, etc., including vortex engines, vortex motors, turbo motors, turbo-axis engines, turbo-axis engines, turbo-pan engines, etc., are widely applied in civil-military aviation. The country’s aviation engine industry has developed: from imitation - autonomous development - a new start in the new era.
Starting with imitation: When the new China was founded, until the 1980s, the main imitation of the Soviet engine and the attempt to develop it on that basis was \triangleright itself. Turbojet-5 was the first vortex engine developed by our country, modelled on the Soviet bk-1, and here it is.
This was followed by the development of jet-1a, vortex-6, vortex-7 and vortex-8 engines, which, with the help of the vortex-7 A engine project, were the first to complete the entire process from design, trial, parts processing and whole machine ground calibration, high-altitude simulations to final test flight fixation.
Autonomously developed exploration: From the 1980s to the 1990s, the country began to independently design and produce engines. "Quinlon" \triangleright is our first fully self-designed, self-developed turbojet engine, using technology, materials, processes, etc.
It came from domestic enterprises, and during this period we worked with Western countries, such as Qin Ridge, which was developed on a trial basis for the introduction of the Rolo “Spell” mk202 engine, and after Qin Qin, the Qin Qin engine was also successfully launched, adding strength to our first autonomous intellectual property rights.
The vortex motors, mainly on third-generation fighter jets such as D-10, D-11, D-15, D-16. \triangleright new feeder aircraft and the C919 Big Passengers project have been launched, and there has been increasing calls for commercial engines to be developed.
In 2016, China’s airline engine group was set up to move the country’s air engines away from dependence on aircraft models, and the engine projects were officially removed from the aircraft’s home bodies. As institutional reforms are gradually put in place, our commercial air engine projects, such as the Yangtze series, have been moving forward in the last two years.
Figure 9: The development of our aviation engine industry from the beginning of imitation to the exploration of self-development
New dawn of the new era (the 1980s-90s)
The first of us has autonomous intellectual property rights to enhance performance on the basis of turbo-seven, Soviet bk-1 imitations, research in our country.
The civil vortex engine, China and France, put an end to the production of the first vortex engine, 1956.
Cooperatively developed, in 2019, acquired the model of high-performance vortex engine history.
Double-twig-gauged vortex engine, modelled on the thrust of vortex 5 test to model the Russian d-30kp-2 engine
Our first one is fully self-designed, researched, 15.7kn small thrust motors, 1958, larger than vortex motors, installed.
A turbojet engine, developed for a long period of time, was successfully tested but not manufactured, and was prepared for the type of jet 6k and the type of transport-20.
Turbo Fan-9, piston heavy oil engine, launched in 2020, based on Soviet-supplied Pii-9b.
I'm going to introduce the Rolo "Spee" mk202 hair, and the test flight is going to be successful, and it's going to break the country's machine data, and it's going to be operational.
Motivation, first flight success in 2002. Sonic speed to supersonic speed, air pressure structure from seaworthy pistons to heavy fuel engine zero.
Centrifugal to axle flow.
According to p-ii-300 provided by the Soviet Union, the thrust is more advanced than the low-casity path, which can be installed in the future with a C919 passenger plane.
The engine makes China's aerodynamics 1,000 and can be equipped with a wide-body passenger aircraft for the production of technical information that will enable us to sail.
The empty engine has gone from one to two, reaching the mid-1980s of the developed world's Yangtze 2000 and assembly arj21.
The improved Yangtze 500 is being developed, and figure 10: The air engine we've developed has a typical and apparent monopoly pattern in the global aviation engine industry.
With 100 years of development, only a few countries in the world have been able to independently develop military air engines, and those that have been able to independently produce air engines are mainly in the United States, the United Kingdom, General Electric, Platt Whitney, the United Kingdom, Rawles Royce, the French Peaks Group and their leadership or association.
The international company that was founded and the international company Air Engines has more than 90 per cent of the world's air engine market. 2.2 Air engine characteristics: “9+3" + radiation surface width, combined effects are strong. China's engineers have suggested to coincidentally that the air engine has a typical “9+3” feature, which is, from a product point of view, high altitude and high altitude.
High weight ratio, high reliability and long-term reuse: high rotation speed, high pressure, high temperature and long-term loops from the point of view of component parts of the product, and high input, high threshold, high return and long-term cycles from the point of view of industrial development directly determine the difficulties in the development of aviation engines.
2.2.1 Product angle: high altitude, high thrust weight ratio, high reliability and long-term reuse
A composite indicator of the level of measurements, materials, and processes. We have a push ratio of about 8 for ws10 and 11.7 for ws15. Other indicators of motor performance include the maximum boost, intermediate thrust, cataract ratio, total increase.
Repeated, reliable use is a demanding requirement for durability. For example, the f-119 engine used by the United States military (f-22) has a life span of about 4,000 hours, the total life of the country ' s too-go-go-round engine was raised from about 900 hours initially, to 1,500 hours, and after 2014, the total life of the too-go-go-round engine was raised to 2,000 hours.
2.2.2 Parts and components angle: high-speed, high-pressure, high-temperature and long-term cycle re-entry Aerial engines are thermal machines that power aircraft and require high-temperature, high-pressure and high-speed rotation conditions
Leafs work under high-temperature gas encircling and cycle loads, with pre-turbo gas temperatures of up to 2000k and more than 10000 rotations, and the reliability and durability of their work has a direct impact on flight safety and engine life.
The melting point of the nickel-based alloys of the engine turbo blades: the pressure of the engine presses up to more than 50 atmospheric pressures, equivalent to three times the pressure of the bottom of the three gorges that fill the water; the rotor rotates tens of thousands per minute, with the lobe bearing the same centrifugal strength as 40 tons of heavy truck pull.
Figure 13: Air motors need to work under high temperature, pressure, high speed: 2.2.3 industrial development perspective: high input, high threshold, high return and long-cycle air engine development barriers are very high. Air engine is the "heart" of the aircraft, and its development involves aerodynamics, combustion, etc.
In a large number of engineering areas such as heat transfer, structural strength, mechanical vibration, auto-control, electronics, electrical, etc., the development of a new aviation engine usually takes tens of hours to test, and the engine takes more than a dozen years from component development to commissioning, at a cost of billions of dollars, for example, in 1988-2017, the United States “ihpt” and “ihptet” technology.
Two schemes with an economically affordable turbo motor (vaate) total $8.7 billion, the United States ' f404 engine costs $1.1 billion, France ' s m88 engine costs $2.5 billion, and France ' s development of the m88 engine costs $1.6 billion.
Financial inputs, high risk, generation of aviation engines from initial technical pre-research, projecting, to scheduled batches will take at least 15-20 years, or even 30 years, with the first generation of ultrasound fighter jets being developed for about four years and the second generation for about five years, as described in The Development of Aerial Engines; and the second generation of fighter jets for 5-7 years.
The engine development cycle is 6-8 years; the third generation warplane development cycle is 6-10 years; the supporting engine development cycle is 10-15 years; the fourth generation warplane development cycle is about 10 years and the supporting engine development cycle is over 15 years.
On the other hand, an aviation engine is a pilot technology industry with a long product development cycle and a long sales cycle, usually 30 years, some even 50 years, when the motive is put into the market.
In order to reduce the risks and costs of development and shorten the development cycle, a major development model adopted by the flag shipping company is the development of a series of needs to adapt to the use of mature core derivatives.
The basis for long-term market competitiveness is the importance attached to the transmission and R & D of mature technologies, based on technologically mature core machines, and the extensive use of the company’s reserves of design techniques and product design experience for the derivative development of new products. For example, ge’s cf6, cfm56 and cf34 series of civil engines are military engines.
2.2.4 Industrial-led angles: the radiation surface width, the strong banding effect, have a huge catalytic effect on the development of basic industry and science and technology. Technological innovation in aviation engines is not only for aviation.
The development of weapons equipment has a direct catalytic effect, and the spillover effects of this technological innovation can be brought to equipment such as ships, tanks, vehicles, power stations, pumping stations, etc., to reduce the costs and risks of their development and contribute significantly to the development of infrastructure industries such as energy, materials, machinery, chemicals, and science and technology.
Given the high relevance of dual-use technologies, according to the paper Aeronautical Engines Development Strategy for the World ' s Developed Countries and its Lessons Learned, (1) military and civilian aircraft have a generality of about 70% in key technologies, production, testing, etc., and a higher proportion of large military transport aircraft and large passenger aircraft, typically in the United States and Russia.
Ross, all of which have been developed through military aircraft technology. (2) Aircraft engines are the most critical, technology-intensive, dual-use features of the aircraft, and are applied to ships, cars, etc., after simple secondary development. For example, the BMW created the main aircraft engine and is now the world's leading car manufacturer. (3) As a result of the development of the aeronautical industry, it has become permeable.
The introduction of many disciplines, industrial fields and industrial technologies can contribute directly to the development of the metallurgical, chemical, materials, electronic and mechanical processing industries and even to the emergence of new industries, such as aerodynamics, air conditioning technologies, high-speed air flow technologies, autopilot technologies, electronics, etc., as high-speed trains (more than 200 km per hour), etc.
The road was paved. 3 Seeing the three main logics of aeronautics, 3.1 achieves the goal of 100 years of military build-up, and national production must be replaced.
In comparison with our military spending and the structure of the United States, the need for a vigorous development of the aviation industry is illustrated by the fact that military spending is lower than that of the United States, accounting for 1.9 per cent of the gdp, in 2019, and 3.4 per cent in the United States.
It's a percentage point, but it's worth mentioning that research and development costs account for 12 per cent, which shows that the weight of the U.S. research and development of weapons equipment, by observing the ratio of the U.S. military spending structure to the U.S. military, air, sea and air forces, has always accounted for a large proportion of the Navy and Air Force, possibly due to the rapid evolution of modern warfare patterns, the increasing importance of the maritime and air forces, and the cost of research and development by the Air Force.
There is also a gap between the number and the number of our military aircraft in comparison with the United States. According to Worldairforce 2020, the total number of United States military aircraft of all types was 13264 in 2019, and the number of Chinese military aircraft of 3210 in 2019.
The previous more five-generation method is still used in our current warplane, which is still based on two or three-generation aircraft (thug-7, thug-8), four-generation aircraft (thug-11/15, Su-27/30/35 series) and a small number of five-generation aircraft (thug-20), with the United States fighting aircraft mainly based on four-generation aircraft (f-15, f-16, f/a-18 series), five-generation aircraft (f-22, f-35).
There is a strong demand for patches, and there is no time to replace national production. We are now in a position to develop military air engines, such as the D-16, D-20 and the mass conversion of national production of the ws-10 series, but we do not yet have commercial air engine products and are still dependent on imported engines. For example, the Russian version of the D-30kp2 vortex engine, which is currently in use, may be modified in the future.
The new Ws-20 C919 is currently used by the internationally produced cap-1c vortex engine. The service of the future cj-1000a vortex engine will make up for our commercial aviation engine product.
During the two national meetings in 2015, Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council, in his report on the work of the Government, included for the first time the development of aerial motors and gas turbines in the new and emerging industries of the national strategy; in March 2017, a special programme was launched, with an estimated investment of more than $300 billion in air engines and gas turbines; and in November 2019, the Secretary-General of the Institute worked on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the formation of the Air Force.
Underscoring that “the People's Air Force is the world's first-class air force”, the Air Force is planning a “three-step” goal for the future, moving towards the full realization of the world's first-class air force, and that the Secretary-General of the XXII Collective Learning School of the Central Political Bureau of the Central Communist Party of China in July 2020 stated that it was necessary to increase the sense of purpose and urgency and to work towards the modernization of our army in a way that would accelerate the breakthrough in key core technologies,
To accelerate strategic development, cutting-edge and subversive technologies, to speed up the implementation of major strategic projects in defence science and technology and weapons and equipment, and to continue to improve the scientific and technological content of the construction of our army; to accelerate the modernization of the defence and military forces in the context of the proposal of the Central Communist Party for the formulation of the fourteenth five-year plan and vision for the economic and social development of the country, adopted at the 19th session of the Plenary of the Party in 2020
Building strategic deployments, for the first time, “ensures that the goal of 100 years of military build-up will be achieved in the course of the year” and refers to “all-round reinforcement of force training”, “joint training, joint security, joint deployment” and “accelerated upgrading and development of smart weapons”.
In order to achieve the goal of 100 years of military build-up and to provide strong physical support from the advanced weapons-equipment system, we believe that our aviation equipment, especially the main warplane model, will accelerate and upgrade during the 10, 4 and 5-year period, and that operational training will increase the loss of weapons such as fighter jets, thereby increasing the demand for aviation engines in terms of both volume and stock.
The power is expected to be released on a large scale during the 1455s. Figure 23: How to achieve the 100-year military build-up goal 3.2 The industrial chain is monopolized
Aerial power is the only company that has been listed in the engine-building chain. The industrial chain of our aviation equipment consists of raw materials, zero pieces, control systems and modification mechanisms.
The Division ' s industrial chain of aviation engines and derivatives operations covers five main components of development, production, testing, marketing, maintenance and security: the foreign export sub-contracting operation is currently in the middle of the industrial chain, mainly manufacturing, participating in the testing of parts and components of some of the new international civil aviation engines, and gradually expanding the business chain and participating extensively in the development and maintenance of new products.
3.3 The military + commercial market demand space amounts to trillions of dollars, and in the short term, the power of navigation is expected to grow significantly in association transactions in 2021, with a high demand on side-marks. The company’s public goods, labour-receiving linkages are $26.41 billion, an increase of 32.8 per cent.
High growth in the demand for dry aviation engines over the five-year period. In the long term, the demand for aviation engines generally arises from both the need for renewal and the need for additional requirements: (1) the need for engine renewal for retained aircraft, including, inter alia, routine engine testing, maintenance and failure repairs, may be required
Replacement with a corresponding backup engine; (2) additional requirements for new aircraft to be delivered from the factory, with different types of aircraft, single, double or even four, having different numbers of engines. Next, we measure the market space for our engines in terms of military engines, commercial engines, and so on.
3.3.1 Military Aerial Engines: Market demand is close to $400 billion over the next decade, assuming that 1: there is a clear gap between our weapons equipment and that of the United States, that during the 1455 period the reloading of weapons accelerated, and that we assume that in the next 10 years we will double the number of incremental military aircraft.
Assumption 2: We assume that in the next 10 years one engine will be replaced by one engine in stock and two engines will be replaced by one engine in incremental capacity, and one engine will be replaced by one engine will be replaced by one.
About 10 per cent, 45 per cent, 45 per cent, and we assume that the cost of one maintenance per engine is approximately the same as the price of the engine, so that we can measure the purchase of our military air motors over the next 10 years, plus the amount of $3.708 billion in the maintenance market space. 3.3.2 Commercial air engines: the market needs $2 trillion over the next 10 years, national production breaks through industry.
Global manufacturers are expected to deliver 1,8350 new commercial aircraft, global passenger traffic is expected to grow at 4 per cent per year over the next 20 years (2020-2039), and global aircraft manufacturers will deliver a total of 43110 aircraft, of which we are commercial.
The aircraft requirement is 8,600, including 380 feeder aircraft, 6450 single-channel aircraft, 1590 broad-body passenger aircraft, cargo aircraft, 795 wide-body passenger aircraft and 90 cargo aircraft.
In the next 10 years, China’s commercial air engine purchases + maintenance market space demand + 214.4 billion yuan. According to China’s annual commercial flight forecast report (2020-2039), published in 2020, China’s commercial air-flying market forecasts will cover the next 20 years.
The ball is expected to be delivered by 40664 new aircraft, and the Chinese air transport market will receive 8725 main and feeder passenger aircraft at a market price of approximately $1.3 trillion (based on the 2019 catalogue prices) equivalent to about 8.97 trillion yuan.
For future company growth, we make the following assumptions: scenario 1: benefit from accelerated replacement of military weapons during the fourteen-five-year period, and increased wear and tear of equipment such as fighter jets for operational training, rising demand for aviation engines, assuming the power of navigation for the production of aviation engines in 2020-2022
Assumption 2: the massive release of the company's aviation engines is expected to bring about a scale effect that will raise the company's Māori ratio, assuming that the company, as the only company to be listed in the total air engine, will benefit directly from the large civil-military aviation engine during the 1455 period.
We chose Shen Fei, China Nao, China West, Hongdu, Space Rainbow, five mainframe plants as comparable commons, considering that the company is the only listed company in the country in the field of military aviation engines and is more scarce than other mainframes, and should enjoy a valuation premium, be covered for the first time, and be given a “holding” rating.
1) Higher risk of engine development and less progress than expected; 2) lower than expected allocation of State funds; 3) lower than expected military load.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.