Twenty-four years of healthy growth in profits, with the city holding the lead in the market, the Ningde era (300,750.sz) where the power/storage of the company remained the world's number one, and the share of storage income increased.
According to \triangleright, in the first half of the year, the company's power + storage can deliver more than 200 gwh, of which the q2 power + storage can deliver about 110 gwh, or 20%.
The company’s power, storage power, is the world’s largest source of goods. According to the sub-income structure, the company collected $112,649 million in 24 years, a 19.20 per cent decline in the same year; the storage energy system, a billion yen, a 32.08 per cent increase in the same year; and the battery mining resource, a 2,629 million dollars, a decline in the same year.
The company’s Māori rate has risen, and single-watt-hour profits have been largely stable. The company’s 24-year H1 Māori rate is 28.87% for the \triangleright pool system.q2
As the prices of resources, such as lithium carbonate, and raw materials fall, the connection influences the price of the company’s product unit sales, and thus the Māori rate rises. Productive capacity continues to expand its solid market position, and high input-led industry technology is developed.
h1. The company ' s capacity continues to increase, with the battery system currently producing 323gwh, with a new capacity of 153gwh, with an output capacity of 211gwh, with a capacity utilization rate of 65.33%. The company is investing more in new products in batteries and continuously improving the competitiveness of products, for example, in cars.
4c Supercharged Batteries based on the new Jockey Plus Battery, High Power Battery for americium; Skyline l-Superfill for a commercial vehicle; and Aquatic Surviving Energy System for Storage Energy.
The Department has entered into strategic cooperation with Volvo, modern Beijing, Marius Technology, the Gangs and Gas Group, the Crafts and the Chinese Dragon Industries, and has signed cooperation agreements with the French Daffy Shipping Group, which has deepened business cooperation in the areas of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, ships, etc.
A modest cooperation agreement will promote demonstration applications of photovoltaic power grid technologies, sign strategic cooperation agreements with quinbrooks, nextera, etc., and fully deepen cooperation with rollsroyce, with a view to introducing the SPC system into the EU and UK markets.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk factors: the need for new energy vehicles is not as high as expected; the risk of a change in lithium battery technology; former \triangleright
Third, the research focuses on the industry and the excavation of shares, and the securities research and development centre, which is responsible for research on electrical equipment and storage energy.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, leading research on robotics, industrial controls, and chargers. Part of this is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.