Dun Yongkang's penetration rate has risen steadily, and global competitiveness has increased steadily. Companies have continued to lead in power cells and storage batteries, where power cells are based on sneresearch data, January-May 2024.
Global power cell usage was 37.5 per cent, an increase of 2.3 percentage points over the same period last year, with the number of battery shipments globally ranked first; January-June 2024, based on the company ' s semi-annual reports, the company ' s reserves
The new product continues to evolve, and the concept of sustainable development is widely accepted. In the case of cars, companies are launching deities, and so on.
The \triangleright Gospel plus battery, which is well received by the market and accounts for a significant proportion of the power cell structure in the country; the introduction of a new generation of thorium batteries with a discharge power of more than 1,300 kw, which can help the new energy vehicle achieve a zero-accelerator 2 seconds.
A commercial car, the company's first four-c top-up commercial vehicle power cell, was launched by Skylinel. In the case of the Crown Prince, the company has released a five-year zero-life, single-body 6.25mwh solar energy storage system.
By building a green, efficient and maximum manufacturing system, using cutting-edge technologies to optimize production processes, super-pulling production efficiency and achieving product monomeric efficiency at the top of the industry, the Dppb level (one billionth of a billion) has significantly reduced investment intensity and production costs. Companies are upgrading their esg in line with world-class standards.
To date, there are nine zero-carbon plants in the country; to promote the sustainable transparency review process of the “credit” value chain to ensure compliance and sustainable development of the supply chain.
1. One quarter of 2024 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz)
Strong, with a sustained rise in city dominance, a clear competitive advantage - 20. 3. Performance forecast for 2023 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) and three-quarter reporting points for 2023
Assessment: Performance is growing at a pace and profitability remains strong; 202 methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and whose findings have not been received, either directly or indirectly, by reason of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.