For the first time: from glass to multimaterial, from parts to assembly, from consumer electronics to car electronics, for the first time.
In contrast to the phase of horizontal expansion of components two or three years ago, the current Chinese mainland supplier has begun to expand deep into the supply chain and to open up the initial downstream assembly chain. China’s mainland supplier has acquired the basic capability of internationalizing large-scale electronic manufacturing assembly and services, and has begun to emerge. We believe that mainland China’s mainland supplier has an opportunity.
By setting up a downstream assembly platform to boost the value and profit of their own production, and to build a moat river. At the same time, it can help electronic brands, such as apples, reduce the pressure on growing and complex supply chain management.
RYAN (Director, Research Department) RYU YU-BIN INTERNATIONAL STUDY (300433.ch)
Platform-type companies ranging from spare parts to assembly, from consumer electronics to car electronics, we're covering BluesTech for the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating for the next 12.
. Deep-farming smartphone zero-assembly and assembly, actively expanding car electronics: On the basis of the main product of the cell phone plate glass, Lance actively expands the appearance and structure of a variety of materials such as metals, sapphires, etc.
Good cost structure; downstream expansion of architecture and assembly operations, deepening the layout of smartphones and smart hardware. Lance has also improved the product lines for the layout of car electronic glass, and has entered the head of a new energy car company, which is expected to enjoy the speed at which new energy vehicles are intelligent in the next few years.
Growth dividends. So, we're optimistic about the future of LanthyTech, and the company's 2022... is expected to grow from the parts-based business like a platform: first, the basic glass-plate industry is growing steadily to protect its performance. And second, around apples, Lance is built from it.
Glass-to-metal full material capability. The initial ability to show contact control modules with the products of their own plate glass was achieved. Meanwhile, the acquisition of a factory in the state of Texas gave Lance the ability to form an apple phone. The metal structure business will grow significantly in 2022, and it will weigh heavily on Lance's performance.
In the end, Lance expanded downstream assembly operations, increased production and promoted growth, building on his spare parts capabilities. In Andres camp, Lance was one step ahead of the assembly business, as of December 13, 2021.
...to fully enjoy the accelerated growth dividend of new energy vehicles and automobiles: With the increased demand for intellectual empowerment of new energy vehicles, the ability of Lance to consume electronic glass is expected to move to the automotive sector, pushing the industry forward.
Controls, dashboard components, b-column components, etc.. So Lance is more likely to benefit directly from the growth dividend of the new energy industry and to contribute to the company’s valuation. .
Investment risk: the global smartphone and automobile sector recovers at a slower rate and to a lesser extent than expected; the semiconductor sector has experienced slower structural improvements in supply; the value of smartphone structures/lookers has grown slowly or has decreased; industry competition has increased to drag corporate Māori rates and profit performance: companies have expanded their new industries
Prices have risen, and the global smart hardware architecture has been growing.
BluesTech's main product is smartphone panel glass. The glass serves both to protect the touch screen and the important look of the smart terminal, which is a beauty terminal. Thus, the glass requires two performances: oilproof glass, scratchproof, etc.
The glass is located in the middle of the smartphone supply chain, where it is made from upstream glass material that meets customer requirements. At the same time, in the glass link, the supplier may also be able to do so.
The sheeting, display-touching module stickers are synthesized into a large module at the client ' s request, and the product is then shipped to a downstream assembly plant (figure 3). The sheet glass supply chain is divided into upstream glass sheets, medium-stream prototypes and modules for deep processing, downstream terminal products.
Upstream technical barriers are the highest, profit-making, and oligopolistic competition patterns, with global taps including Conning, Xinzi, Short, Electric Nitrics. Midstreams include Lancet, Bourne Optics, etc., and are responsible for deep processing of alkaline aluminum glass. So, the profit margin of the glass millers is derived from the efficiency and efficiency of the production line.
It's the link that Chinese suppliers are good at. The main smartphones and computer panels downstream of the glass have applications in a number of smart hardware, including smart phones, tablets, smart hands, and even the middle screens in the car. In the equipment associated with the touch control, the glass is often available.
Of course, glass is one of the types of smart equipment architectures. For example, smartphone backsliding, because there is no need for window functions, plastics, metals, ceramics, etc., are materials of visual structures. Plastics and metals are also the more common backsliding materials of smartphones.
According to frost&sullvan, the market size of the global smart hardware architecture and modules increased from $22 billion in 2015 to $24.4 billion in 2020, with a compound growth rate of 2%. The city's field size consists of panels, backboards, center frames, touch sensor modules, fingerprint identification modules, cameras.
Parts and components such as lids (figure 4) frost&sullivan predicts a combined industry growth rate of 6 per cent for global smart hardware appearances and modules from 2021 to 2025, and is expected to reach a market size of $33.36 billion by 2025.
Of these, smartphones and cars are the two biggest drivers, and the ar, vr, will have the highest growth rates. For now, Lancet has a perfect layout in two major end areas: smartphones and new energy vehicles, so that it can enjoy the growth of the industry.
Pilgrim International e=frost&sullivan predicts that Pilgrim International's spob international
The penetration rate of smartphone glass materials has continued to rise. As noted above, the global market size of smartphone structures and modules was 2 per cent compound growth between 2015 and 2020, with a market size of $17.1 billion in 2020, accounting for global intelligence.
Frost&sullivan predicts a 3% compound growth rate in the shape of smart machines and the size of the market from 2021 to 2025. While the growth rate of composite growth is modest over the next five years, it remains an important driver of market size growth.
By 2025, smartphones are expected to contribute $20.8 billion in market size (the driving force of this is the substitution of glass for metals in the back cover, while metals, as important structures, move to the center frame. We believe that 5g signals are transmitted, wirelessly charged, and diversified.
So, with the penetration of 5g smart phones, wireless chargers, etc., into low- and medium-end smart phones, there is some room for growth in the market size of cellular glass. According to frost&sullivan, the glass quality versus the smart hand is of value as a statistical caliber.
Frost&sullivan Lance, as the flagship of the glass, can fully benefit from the dividends of the increased penetration of glass. Although mobile phone composites have increased by only 3% over the next five years, they have increased by only 3%.
With a long rate of 4.5%, at least Ramsy’s base plate can be kept steady and up and down. Other smart hardware with a cell phone as a hub for interaction, including smart watches, flatboard computers, arvr, intelligence years, frost&sullivan predicts a growth in the size of these smart terminals and the size of the modular market.
$2.1 billion, compared to the incremental scale of approximately $3.7 billion for smart phones (figure 2), and completely inconspicuous
Field size split by material plastics and other penetration e=frast&sullivan forecast
E=frast&sullivan predicts e=frast&sullivan predicts Pil-Yung International
From the appearance/structural to the platform-based enterprise development, the basic plate of Lancet technology is the panel glass of smartphones. From our analysis above, it can be seen that this basic plate has a steady upward trend in the future. But the basic plate is not the company's frontier.
China's head supply chain enterprise, Lanth, has the hope of becoming a global player with its strong production line management capacity, first of all, building the capacity of a large client, Apple, from glass to metal-based materials.
The ability of the hausing and the ability to display the touch-control module (topmodule) is the most important ability to enter a cell phone and the basic guarantee of profitability. The Rams itself has the capability of totmodule (show the touch-control module) by using a medium-swap glass. It can be acquired.
In the state of Texas factory, Lance managed to acquire the power of the metal structure, which made a better pad for the next step to the final assembly of apples. LanceTechnology, Lance International and lyrainternationalco., ltd., and lyrainternationalco., ltd.
The signing of the Equity Dealing Pact on 18 August 2020, which gave Lance International $9.90 billion in cash to generate about RMB 5 billion in income in the first half of the year, and we expect to continue to do so in the second half of 2021.
In contrast to the Apple camp, Lance has already taken a step forward in the Andres camp and has been involved in the assembly business. In the field of assembly, Lenthing has the advantage of the good slogans accumulated by major international clients such as Apple, Samsung, Huaiang, Oppo, Vivo, Mi, Glory, Tesla, Amazon.
We expect that the cellular build-up of the Andra camp in Lancet in 2021 will reach tens of millions. LanthsTech adopted "Intelligent Terminal Equipment for Corporate Investments" on February 5, 2021.
In the first step of the project, it is expected that a total of $30 million will be invested in the completion of the pre-predicted year-to-year processing assembly.
The entire machine is assembled in conjunction with existing structural units such as glass, sapphire, ceramics, metals, etc., to further expand to the smart terminal and complete the entire assembly business, and to achieve the verticalness of the industrial chain.
And vertically expands the assembly business. By assembling core parts, group-assembly capabilities to build flat companies, it boosts income growth while maintaining profit growth. Further, as a platform-based enterprise, Lance is also actively moving upstream, as in the case of supplements in glass-plate processing, and Lance increases self-sufficiency ratios.
For example, to ensure security of supply and cost advantages. We remain quite optimistic about the development of smart phones and peripheral hardware in the short, medium and long term.
The acquisition of the dung dynasty machine and the electro-combation of the crystals engine.
To set up Ning Shao, the Lelands smart machine, and set up the "intelligent terminal."
Transistor Electronic Materials, Inc., Smart One.
Start cutting into intelligent eyes, so you can go into groups to secure existing sapphires.
In cooperation with the national china material, we'll create a new piece of china for the long-salamese state.
Leigh, cut into North America.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, is enjoying an accelerated growth dividend for new-energy automobiles.
Lancet technology has a long-term development not only in smart terminals such as smart phones, but also in the field of new energy vehicles. Given the need for new-energy cars to be digitized and intelligent, Lance's ability in glass operations is also expected to drive new-energy car windows to thinner and more electronic.
Because mobile phones are consumer-grade products, and car parts are car-grade products. There are also differences in product requirements in these two areas. For example, cellular panels have higher requirements in terms of thickness, radiance, and need to be lighter and more radiant.
There are higher requirements for different environments, such as high temperatures, rain, etc., to meet the need for security of the person. The technical difficulties of suppliers of glass materials (e.g. Conning) upstream of the mobile phone covers are mainly related to upstream glass materials.
The supplier needs to produce different formulas and more powerful glass originals, and the problem with the glass plate is that the manufacturer (e.g., Lance, Bourne) has a precise density, a lightly thinning, and a large volume of output in short time. So, now, the ability of Lance to use the glass on the mobile phone can demand the glass from the new energy car.
And, in order to become a supplier of car parts, Lance has completed one of the more difficult steps – the certification of car regulations, for example, through the certification of the new head energy car, entrésla. The upgrading of car intelligence has also led to the intelligentization of car glass, and the willingness of the entire factory to match the glassworks.
Do. Players in the glass supply chain are also capable of producing new types of car glass. For example, Coninggorellaglass has been used in the Fordgt windshield series, where corninggorellaglass can also transform the control table and navigation system into a powerful driver's second-in-command.
Si also produced a series of smart-barrel screens, including vehicle-borne controls, and engaged with clients in innovative research and development and volume production in the area of new car glass (e.g., windows, windshields, etc.).
Figure 15: Condorillalasshybrid laminates, which was carried by Fordgt, has been divided into two main categories by use. The first category is similar to the mobile phone touch screen, which needs to be highlighted.
Electronic information, e.g. control screens, dashboards, hud head-up displays, etc.. The other category, in addition to the previously mentioned features such as security all-powerful use, has lightly quantified needs such as windshields (figures 16, 17, Ramses have entered car glass products, including vehicle-mounted controls (part parts and assembly), dashboards, etc.
According to our sources, a central monitor and two columns are worth around 3,000 yuan. Car glass has opened up medium- and long-term growth space for Lance.
And, for example, in the case of auto controls alone, Omdia expects that global output will increase from 738 million in 2020 to 12.33 billion in 2030. Multiscreen interactions within new energy vehicles will greatly boost industry growth.
Maintaining annual growth of more than 6%, with market size expected to reach $46.1 billion in 2022 (the advent of the new energy car era has created great opportunities for former consumer electronics suppliers. The demand for electronic parts and components for new energy vehicles has risen dramatically as a result of the surge in intellectual capacity.
The demand for large-scale electronic manufacturing, high performance, light quantification, short iterative cycles, and high-volume production requirements is the basic capability of consumer electronic suppliers. (Details can be found in deeper reports from the smartphone industry and the new energy automobile industry.)
Therefore, we are optimistic about consumer electronics providers that are willing to cut into car electronics. And for a supplier that has already cut into the head of a new energy company, Blues, we believe, is better able to benefit directly from the growth dividend of the new energy automobile industry. We expect that by 2025, Lance's car electronics will have a promising harvest.
Figure 16: Classification of car glass Figure 18: Chart of body glass Figure 17: Chart of vehicle-mounted glass
Figure 20: Size of the global automobile control industry Figure 19: Global load split on board e=omdia forecast
e=icvtank predicts revenues and projections for Pilgrim International's spobinternational blues technology.
We expect that in 2022 and 2023, little-sized and functional-component operations, new materials and other product operations in Lansy will be growing at a lower rate than in the last two years, but the overall growth in kinetic energy will remain relatively high, while large-sized and functional-assembly operations will continue to grow at a relatively stable number of digits.
Over the next two years, operations with small and medium sizes and functional components are expected to increase by 19 per cent and 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, driven mainly by iphone metal frame assembly operations and smart cell glass panels; operations with new materials and other products are expected to increase by 26 per cent;
For the next two years, large-scale appetizers and operations are expected to remain at 8 per cent and 7 per cent respectively.
Capital spending is high, but this is the basis for future development. We expect free cash flows in 2023 to be seven-year-old silver and silver, figure 25: Blues and technology operating costs and operating costs.
Figure 24: Gross profit and gross profit and gross profit ratio of blues technology Figure 26: Net profit and net profit increase of blues technology Figure 27: Capital expenditure and R & D expenditure of blues technology
Chart 28: Free Cash Flows from Lanths Technology Chart 29: Low rate and degree of recovery in the global smartphone and automobile industry;
(b) The slow or decreasing growth in the unit value of smart cellular structures/outcomes;
First, we use sotp (sumoftalparts, Division Plus) to estimate Lance. We predict the mid- and small-sized and functional components, large-sized and functional components of Lance in 2022.
The new business (assemble) and the new business (sapphire) remain optimistic, and the two business plates are considered to have greater potential for growth, thus giving the target market sales rates of 45 x and 50 x, respectively.
We also used the dcf (discounted cashflow method) valuation method as a reference, and we assumed that the weighted average fund of Wacc (wateredaveragecostofcapitatal) would be in Jinye International.
Spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario Pessimism scenario (10% probability) The share of structural piece operations has increased significantly, resulting in a higher rate of harvest growth
(a) The continued weakness of global smartphone demand, or the shortness of upstream components, and the continued lack of access to mobile phones;
The scale-up effect of the new business expansion is reflected in the higher, slower than expected pace of business expansion and the failure to increase the expected harvest of the company's prior inputs into the harvest period, lower cost and profit margins.
The company's short-term profits are affected by sustained investment.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Pilgrim International, Spobnational.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
All information is collected and circulated to anyone in this report. No person may use any information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.