LanthyTechnology (300433) Electronics for electronic consumption opens up a new path of glazing glass and builds a powerful third-largest growth pole.
Incident: The company issued an announcement on the evening of 4 November - Ten thousand yuan, mainly in photovoltaic glass products, photovoltaic equipment and components, photovoltaic power projects, etc., based on the availability of products, equipment and technology.
The transformation of the company’s energy structure to renewable energy has been the focus of the company’s rapid development opportunities in close proximity to the photovoltaic industry.
Big strategic practice, consistent with the company’s medium- and long-term development planning and sustainable development vision, will create new medium- and long-term growth points for companies.
Trends in the glass-filling industry, as well as an analysis of Ramsi's leading process in the consumption of electronic-grade glass at the level of total market value/circulation (millions of dollars), which combines and cuts into water to form:
Beneath efficiency is the clear direction of light voltage development, with glass being lightly thinned. 2. The specifications of the photovolt followed glass process have been upgraded, and Ramses has entered multiple dimensions of the corresponding dimensions.
The negative cycle brings a negative wind of growth, new lines of business, 3. Photovoltaic glass growing high ceilings, and a considerable share for Rents.
On the commercial model, we believe that the future model of Lance will explicitly move from rock ore ore to kilns from 2021/10/26, while also consolidating the prior advantage of the back-track process, taking into account the procurement of external glass.
Lancet Technologies (300433) The news of the burning industry of Guang Northwest Sea City and Lanth's joint industrial park is also evidence of our judgment -- the blue valley period, with a steady rise in bad answers.
It must be from the quartz to the kiln, to the processing process and, later, 2021/08/22.
LancetTechnology (300433) "Breaking and Growing" gives markets and investors more surprises, and is expected to kick-start a fast-scale growth model."
The supply of the 2021q4-2022q1 apple supply chain is expected to improve significantly. Overbooking from the global market's backsliding and chip grabs from the early part of the epidemic in the second half of last year kept the entire industry in negative feedback after the second quarter of this year.
The lack of material has had short-term effects, but as the supply has stabilized, the chain of consequences has returned to normal in mid-September and is expected to go beyond previous years, with the fruit chain necessarily recovering from earlier lags before Thanksgiving and Christmas shopping seasons in North America in four quarters.
Three quarters is now the lowest expected quarter of the profits of Lansian technology, and the following seasons will grow gradually, and objectively, the negative effects of the epidemic, the lack of cores, the list of Chinese entities, and so on, will also be reduced and slowed in the short term.
The new energy vehicle's super thin glass is similar to the light glass process path, which will be released in 2022. The new energy vehicle's super thin glass process path is actually identical to the photovoltaic glass, all of which emphasizes the importance of back-track processing processes.
In recent years, the slab glass and module modules of the dashboard, as well as the rear-view modules of the vehicle, have become more permeable to the windows, the skyscreens and the front lines, and have been successful in importing important customers such as Tesla, BMW, and new domestic car-making forces. No, in terms of product development paths and definitions of new energy vehicles.
Personalized customization and selection will be a very important tool and avenue for leading new energy car brands to distinguish from other competitors and traditional car companies. We look forward to Lance's long-term development and market space in this area, company growth in t-clients, and other car-making developments.
In the field, the combined effects of the epidemic, power restrictions, the port of transport, the trade war, etc., add up the company’s own new lines of business, the full opening of new product lines, and the company’s performance of q3 is real.
With some resistance, but these are short-term, non-essential problems, and it is believed that they will soon be digested and converted. With the full opening of the company's business lines, the company has been able to start selling metal with the approval of many downstream customers and with the strong support of key customers.
Future operations in the area of smart terminals will continue to grow in a benign way. The glazing glass revealed in this announcement, together with the new energy vehicle cluster and glass-related products that began to be laid out over the past year, form two of the company’s emerging business areas and are expected to grow into Lance.
Second and third drivers of growth. In the midst of a slowdown in consumer electronic innovation and a slowness in the single track, Lance is ahead of the industry and competitors, opening a new path, using his own process, the accumulation of technological reserves, and using a unique understanding and sedimentation of glass as a material product, opening the way to new energy sources.
New-energy car components and PV modules face 10 billion and hundreds of billions of downstream markets, and Lance has much to offer in these areas. We judge that the next step in the corresponding field will be fast-tracked, with subsequent orders landing in size.
Weaknesses in power, and the sales of new machines to large clients have fallen short of expectations: (2) Andre is the new energy sector of the company, 2021-2022.
On the evening of 4 November 2021, Lance announced that: “The company, based on its full knowledge of the relevant products, equipment and technology, has obtained the approval of its clients in the relevant industry.
In recent days, the fully-owned subsidiary Hunan Lanth New Energy Co. Ltd. has been established.” “The company, in collaboration with a number of expert teams in the photovoltaic and photovoltaic glass industries, has formed a leading photovoltaic and optical glass technical team in the technical industry, as well as a high-quality, resource-rich management team, and has established a new energy industry.
The company has undertaken ahead of time technical research and development, production lines and product certification, and has been able to leverage the company's advanced processing techniques, efficiency and good rate advantages in the consumption of high-precision special glass for electronic products, giving the photovoltaic glass a high permeability, lighter and stronger, and has been recognized by its clients to lay the foundation for the company's continued development of new business.”
This announcement marks the transformation of the company's energy structure into renewable energy and is a major strategic exercise for companies to follow the rapid development opportunities of the photovoltaic industry. It is consistent with the company's medium- and long-term development planning and sustainable development vision. It will create new areas for companies to move into the light-voltage component glass-related areas, but the trend in the light-voltage and sealed glass industries from recent years, as well as blue.
In the business model, we believe that Lance’s future model will clearly move forward from the quartz ore to the kiln, and that the other side will balance external glass purchases and consolidate the back-track process’s pre-eminence. Earlier, the Guang Northwest Sea City and Lance will be able to take advantage of it.
The news of co-built industrial parks also confirms our judgment that Ramsey's layout in the field of photovoltaic super-glass must be from the quartz to the kiln, to the processing process and to the back-tracking of the entire chain of industries, believing that the growth and landing of the industry behind the company in the field of photovoltaics will surprise the market and investors more.
The decline efficiency is a clear direction in the light-voltage development, with glass thinning increasing. The development of the light-voltage industry has so far been one of the most important considerations, especially in relation to the cost of coal-fired electricity generation, especially after the introduction of the 2019 policy of photovoltaic parity access, through the reduction of the efficiency gains and the sharing of the benefits.
In June of this year, the National Development Commission issued a circular on matters related to the new energy access pricing policy of 2021, which officially entered the PV access phase, followed by the removal of PV from government subsidies and the importance of cost control.
It is clear that the development of component precipitation efficiency has been further clarified, and that the real realization of affordable Internet access provides a good basis for the growth of the installation of the “post-subsidized” photovoltaic industry. Photovoltaic glass is one of the core components of the photovoltaic component, and silicon batteries are traditionally enclosed in the form of glass plus backboards, as they are in place.
The comparative advantage in corrosive, miller-resistant, non-degradable and flame-retardant forms of components has begun to pervade gradually, but earlier the use of double-bond forms of sealing has increased the weight of components due to the thickness of glass (3.2 mm), increasing the difficulty of transport installation and limiting the speed of penetration.
Diagram 3: The light thinning of the photovoltaic glass effectively reduces the weight of the two-bond component: for example, the double 2.5mm component weighs much more than the 3.2 mm glass + backboard package, while the glass thickness drops to 3.2 mm glass + backboard.
At 2.0 mm, the weight of the two-bond component is almost identical to that of the traditional monocrystal component, and the weight of the component can be further reduced if it is taken into account that the binary component can be bordered without aluminium alloys. This means that the thinning of the glass is an important support for the further penetration of the two-prosthetics.
The thinning of glass is conducive to an increase in the value of the two-bond component: without taking into account the thickness of the glass, the cost of the two-bond component is naturally higher than that of the single-bond component, while the use of thinised glass (especially the front glass) is beneficial to the cost of the lower glass fragments and, on the other hand, to the increase in light passivity and the efficiency of the conversion of the component, which can allow
The dielectricity costs of the two-bond components are close to, or even exceed, the single-bob components. The creation of a new track of glazing glass and the construction of a powerful third-growth pole, bipv, are areas where the light thinning of the glazing glass is further highlighted: bipv is the construction of photovoltaic components and houses.
New forms of organic integration, for example, photovoltaic components as part of windows in buildings, taking into account interior lighting factors, the obvious inapplicability of non-transparent backboards, and the better choice of double-bond components, taking into account the weight and weight capacity of the building itself, to reduce the whole photovoltaic component in order to meet the safety specifications of the building.
Weight trends are clearer, and the thinning of glass is an essential part of it. Before the launch of the two-bond form, the 4.0 mm glass was the preferred option for the main photovoltaic cell monobone, but after resolving concerns about its strength, the 4.0 mm glass exited the historical stage after 2014, and the monocryptic scheme was largely dominated.
3.2 mm glass is completely exclusive, and for a considerable period of time it has even been the highest single-proceeding application choice, after which, although programmes such as 2.8mm and 2.5mm have been proposed by enterprises and have exceeded 3.2 mm glass in strength and mechanical performance, only 2.5mm of single-proprietary products have so far received a certain share, but not yet.
In 2013-2014, the introduction of the commercialization of the first two-bond component required further thinning of the photovoltaic glass, and in 2014-2017, the weight of the components, cost and other factors were less favourable than the single one, given that the thickness of the two-bob was 2.5 mm.
In 2020, 2.5 mm glass penetration reached 15% and 2.0 mm glass penetration reached 10%. In the future, with 1.6mm and a lighter 1.2mm + 1.6 mm glass combination, we recognize that the alternative advantages of the two-faced two-form scheme have gradually emerged.
The technical overlaps and progress rates for photovoltaic glass are likely to exceed past years, especially since countries have in recent years harmonized technical indicators related to double-faced battery assemblies and accelerated the promotion of corresponding tariff preferences, such as smooth resolution of light conditions.
After all, we see two important observations in the process of product rotation of these different specifications.
The surface strength of the glass, its mechanical performance, and the resulting ease of transport are key performance indicators for the content of the glass, whether the product is supported by component plants and downstream power stations.
Quickness and market expectations are unimaginable in the unipolar era. The first two are the necessary safeguards and the basis for the process advantage of Lance to be able to cut into the photovoltaic super-glass market (2mm of glass made, processed, reinforced, platinated) and the second is Lance's.
We'll then fine-tune these two major areas, where the photovoltaic backway glass process specifications have been upgraded, and Lance has the corresponding dimensions.
The most central role of photovoltaic glass is to permeate and protect battery fragments, while the permeability and intensity of glass fragments can be enhanced through back-channel processes (e.g. plating, physical/chemical enhancement, etc.):
(1) In terms of permeability, the photovoltaic glass originals, although they have per se a permeable rate of more than 90 per cent due to low iron content, can be enhanced by 2-4 pct. within the visible range after plating; in bipv, the permeability of the photovoltaic glass even needs to be adjusted according to building style and landscape, and this function needs to be adopted.
The plating is undoubtedly another important advantage of Lance, where, for example, a double-faced argae can reach more than 99%, even a normal super-white glass, a single-face plating film.
In the current traditional area of photovoltaic glass, it is rarely possible to reach this level, with a 1 per cent increase in the peri-hour power generation capacity and a 4-5 per cent increase in the peri-voltaic power generation capacity, which will significantly improve the performance of photovoltaic panels.
Lance is the world's leading industry in plating processes, and the ability to upgrade and contribute to industry is significant in the moment when the performance of PV cell components requires gradual upgrading and tightening, and the collaboration with downstream assembly plants can be described as water-to-water.
(2) In terms of strength, past-floating glass is often reinforced by physical (fire-steeling) means: the glass sheet is added to the softening temperature (approximately 600°c) and the pressure cold air is then used to cool it to the room temperature quickly and evenly, balancing the stress distribution between the glass surface and the centre. However, physical enhancements are transmitted by a roller-axis, which is too thin.
The thickness creates a serious inter-axis bend, so that the physical reinforcement limits remain at 2.8 mm, which means that the physical reinforcement is no longer appropriate for thin glass, which is more in need of strengthening, and that in the current two-bond component, 2 mm glass is already being used, and the future 1.6 mm and below is becoming more common.
Figure 9: The heating of glass in a stream steel furnace chemically reinforced by immersion of glass into 400°C molten salt, sodium ion on the glass surface with potassium ion
Exchanges, which create a state of “iron-line pull, outer pressure” during cooling, ultimately achieve enhanced effects by treating reinforced glass, which is much more flat than physical, and is therefore widely used in the area of consumer electronics (computers, mobile phones, panels, etc.) window protection glass.
Figure 10: The glass chemical reinforcement principle map is aforeionexchangeofterionexchange, where there is no doubt about the difficulty and complexity of processing the rear path of the glazing glass well below the consumer electronic window protection glass.
For Lance, at the level of plating, chemical reinforcement, etc., lateral processes, whether built-up process capacity, or the layout of the corresponding production capacity, are far ahead of their counterparts around the world, especially in the field of optical glass, which is technologically reduced. Especially below 2 mm, Lansy has had a glass thickness of 1.5 mm for each of the major intelligent terminals manufactured over the years.
Here, the limit can be around 0.3-0.4 mm, and it can be said that this dimension has an absolute pre-emptive advantage, which is the core of the company’s continued market share in this area in the future. With glazing glass growing high ceilings, Lance gets a significant share.
The China Association of Photovoltaic Industries predicts that global light voltage loads are expected to reach 140-155gw in 2021 and 2025, and are expected to reach 165gw-200gw, with annual compound growth rates of up to 10 per cent, while domestic, price-free Internet access to photovoltaic loads is expected to increase at 70-90gw per year, with considerable growth rates and higher penetration of dual-bond components.
Together, it is clear that photovoltaic glass will grow faster and faster in the coming years than in the components: calculated by 5.7 million m2 (single) and 11.4 million m2 of glass area for a single gw component, such as 50 per cent penetration of the two-bond components in the global light voltage new loader in 2025, and 1.71 billion m2/year of global light glass demand.
The photovoltage glass is the buyer's market's drive for product progression, and Lance's preference for a major downstream core client is for cooperation and supply opportunities in the area of super thin glass with a thickness of 1.6 mm and below, as a result of the company's years of accumulation of key processes in the manufacturing and production processes of Bolivia, and as a result of the plating, chemical reinforcement, etc., in the later stages of the process.
And, inevitably, it's the fruit that matches the client's product upgrading needs, and after a smooth entry into the glass field, Lance also has the hope of extending the production of the upstream originals to provide a one-stop service to the client. With competitive advantages and step-by-step lines being fairly clear, Lance does not have a photovoltaic battery component.
The supply of the 2021q4 - 2022q1 apple supply chain is expected to improve dramatically in the larger industries that are expected to grow rapidly. Overbooking, resulting from the global market’s backsliding and chip grabs from the early part of the epidemic in the second half of last year, has led to a significant increase in the supply of the 2021q4 - 2022q1 apple supply chain.
After the second quarter of this year, industry-wide shipments have been under repair in negative feedback, and with the gradual easing of the situation and the incentive of new machines to publish a change of machine, iPhones and the delivery of orders from related suppliers have been back on track, with cinnoresearch data showing that domestic sales of iPhones increased by 43.6 per cent in September.
The ring grew by 32.5%, which is extremely valuable against the backdrop of a sharp decline in the national Andre brand ring. The fruit chain was affected by supply chain stock shortages in the first three quarters, and the volume of deliveries was also affected in the short term, but as the supply returns steady, the chain of consequences in mid-September has returned to normal and is expected to outpace the previous year, with four quarters in North America.
Before Thanksgiving and Christmas shopping season, the fruit chain must have been able to recover the earlier lags, so it's probably three quarters, the lowest expected quarter of the time, and the following season-by-season growth will gradually return to normal. Objectively, without an outbreak, a lack of core, a list of Chinese entities, and so on, these domino-style changes,
This year’s overall negative fluctuations in the consumer electronics sector may not be so many, but while these problems cannot be solved directly in the short term, the supply chain has its own integration and digestive elasticity for any problem. In the light of last week’s move to approve applications from American suppliers to China and China for international exports of more than $100 billion.
In the near-quarters of the stock price adjustment, the value of next year’s performance, represented by Lance, is already below 20 xpe, and, with the expected improvement, the margin of security of the valuation has been progressively clarified.
3 - The new energy vehicle super thin glass is similar to the photovoltaic glass process path and will be released in 2022, similar to the photovoltaic glass, to reduce weight, upgrade the range and enhance the user's experience, the new energy vehicle window,
The future trend of thinning windshields and skyscreen glass is clear, but a single reduction may reduce the overall safety performance of vehicles, especially vehicles carrying a full-scope skyscreen, which, in the case of side-turning and roll-overs, is prone to break-ups and aggravates the injuries of insiders, so windows, windshields and skyshields.
On the other hand, the permeability, variability, adaptability, including electron displays, and the environmentalization and reduction of the demand for encapsulation materials are becoming important demands of consumers.
As you can see, the process path of the new energy van's thin glass is exactly the same as that of the glazing glass, which emphasizes the importance of the rear-gauge process. In the layout of the car's electronics, Lance is not only focusing on the central control, the front dashboard's glass and module, and the rear-viewing module, which has been gradually moving towards the windows, the skyscreen and the front end of the car in recent years.
Field penetration, successful current import of important customers such as Tesla, BMW, and new domestic car-making forces. With experience in the accumulation and productivity of thin glass processing processes, multi-layer electronicization of glass, and customisation of functionality, the process conversion and transfer of car applications in areas related to smart terminals is shared by car companies and downstream users.
And in terms of the product development path and definition of new energy cars, some personalized customizations and selections in the future will be a very important means and means of differentiating the brand of new energy vehicles from other competitors, as well as traditional car companies. We look forward to Lance’s long-term development and market space in this area, the company’s continued growth in t-clients, and its
In this year’s market environment for relative disruptions in the consumption of electronic smart terminals, the combined effects of epidemics, power restrictions, ports, trade wars, etc., add up the company’s own new lines of business, new product lines, and the company’s q3 q3.
Performance is indeed being held back, but these are short-term, non-essential issues that will soon be digested and converted. With the full opening of the company’s line of business, the company’s future is in the field of smart terminals, with the approval of many downstream customers for the assembly business, and the rapid start in sales of metal and the strong support of key clients.
Business will continue to grow benignly. The glazing glass revealed in this announcement is related to the new energy car assembly and glass products that began to be laid out last year, forming two of the company’s new business areas, and is expected to grow into the second and third drivers of Lance’s growth.
Extreme. When consumer electronic innovation slows down, single-track delays, Lance takes precedence over industry and competitors, and opens up a path, using his own process, the accumulation of technological reserves, and the application of a unique understanding and sedimentation of glass as a material product, opening up opportunities for development in the new energy sector.
Instead of the 10 billion and hundreds of billions of downstream markets, Lance has much to offer in these areas. The counterpart area, Lance, will continue to move fast, and the subsequent orders are expected to reach a very large scale and magnitude, maintaining a public (1) consumer purchasing capacity weakened as a result of the global spread of the epidemic or the global macroeconomic downturn, and a large customer selling new machines.
(3) The competitive price reduction has led to a decline in the profits of the industry. (4) The company’s new energy sector has not moved as fast as expected in vehicle or photovoltaic glass.
Sold to South China. Lee Yinwen Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.