The year-round growth of IT technology hardware and equipment has been smooth, and the epidemic has contributed to higher product penetration, with strong growth in the main industry, exchange rate fluctuations and investment returns.
In the second half of the year, firms continued to grow at a rapid pace, thanks to the successful opening of overseas markets. Companies have good marketing channels abroad for their main products to build core competitiveness with product quality, increasing their share of the global market.
US dollar settlements, exchange rate fluctuations, have a positive impact on companies. Corporate cash flows are good, financial management capacity is further strengthened, and better levels of return on investment are maintained. Sip is a strong global leader, with product rotations driving performance growth.
The world’s leading market position in the area of sip phones, based on channel agency, is a marketing network that covers more than 100 countries around the world. In 2019, companies increased their R & D investment, total equity/flow (million shares)
Boot5x high-end phones, with product rotations, guarantee a robust growth in sales. Meanwhile, the structural upgrading of the total market value/flow (millions) of corporate products has led to an increase in the Māori rate, which has also resulted in a faster net profit than the growth in the harvest.
The 12-month peak/minimum sari outbreak triggers a surge in teleworking, and Vcs videoconferencing system penetration will rise significantly. The new coronary sari has spread throughout the country, and businesses everywhere have made a huge choice to fight the epidemic.
The demand for teleworking products, represented by the videoconferencing system, erupted. During the outbreak, UNCV was opened for free and registered, with users having access to 100 videoconferences and open-ended calls. We believe that the epidemic will lead to the acquisition of remote office products.
With a large number of government clients, short-term, free experience users are expected to turn into long-term paying clients after the outbreak is over, and users are trained to create a greater growth space for the industry.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.