Continued high growth in the performance of information technology hardware and equipment, and a strong unified communications flagship event: corporate performance reports, 2,493 million won in 2019, a year-on-year increase
The profit growth rate is close to the upper limit of the performance forecast, and the sip and vcs are well developed. The company’s fast-performance reports of 37% and 49%, respectively, are close to the performance forecast limit, showing a strong growth and profitability of the company.
The market continued to grow, with the market remaining at about 10%, the videoconferencing industry growing at 20%, and companies growing at a significantly higher rate than the market, especially vcs, growing at over 80%, leading to robust overall performance growth. At the same time, companies continued to choose new products.
The average price of the product has remained stable, and the dollar exchange rate has increased the company’s Māori rate. Sip is the world’s number one and the city’s share is rising. According to frost&total equity/flow (million shares)
The data provided by sulliván, in the area of sip phones, in 2017, the number of BGW cities outperformed the total market value/flow (millions of dollars), BTW became the world's number one in 2018, and the city's share rose to 27.3 per cent in 2018.
We believe that the company has a stronger market position at the tip, based on product quality and branding. The demand for teleworking has erupted, and there is a sustained effort to “cloud-end” business communications.
The network 300628, "High Growth Unable to Grow throughout the Year, "Cloud Plus" is well-developed, and marketing capacity is being strengthened. Collaboration, cloudization, fear, the epidemic is driving the product penetration rate up."
Intelligentization is the three main trends in videoconferencing, with sari outbreak-led videoconferencing -- 2020/02/05 demand breaking out in early 2020, end-user habits are changing and product penetration rates will be raised significantly over the long term
The company is facing unique market opportunities and is expected to accelerate its growth in videoconferencing operations. Investment advice: the company remains robust in the field of sip, and vcs opens up room for growth.
The demand for videoconferencing has grown rapidly, and we've adjusted the company's net profit from 2019-2021.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.