On 25th of February, 2020, the triple factor was added up to the upper cycle.
Factor 1: With a slowdown in the growth rate of gdp and the general trend of low-growth stock games in the city, “government fuel consumption + market quality consumption” is driving domestic cars from expansionary consumption to intensive consumption, and solar advantage is becoming increasingly apparent. Fact 2: China’s China-Japan relationship is slow in the context of the China-United States trade war.
The 2008 economic crisis has taken a heavy toll on the Japanese company, but it has also opened the way for a new wave of change, re-examining the shortcomings of the original organizational architecture and focusing on "modularization."
Structural development + moderate open supply chain + emphasis on China's market development.” 1) Toyota deliberately slowed down after many years of adjustment through the release of tnga and launched a new journey. Toyota is in the midst of a new product cycle, Wilanda is the core highlight, and the additional 120,000 production capacity will boost sales.
To achieve the target of 1 million vehicles. 2) Honda is still affected by the aftershocks of the engine gas gate + the failure door, but Honda is currently in a new product cycle, with cr-v sister cars becoming a central point of view for the future (over 10,000 in January 2020), with an additional capacity of 120,000 units and a third generation of i-mmd
Combining the system will boost the sales of aid to reach the target of 1 million vehicles. 3) In view of the localization of the research and development centre and the parts and components industry park, which will land in 2020, there are plans to introduce two to three new models (including re-engineering) each year to compensate for the current shortage of product lines, with long-term prospects for a breakthrough of 200,000.
The three-fold factor that led to the collapse of the gas autonomy in 2019 will disappear without the prospect that the new generation of gs4 will be on the market by the end of 2019.
Language design, skin design, highly moving; 3) Adigo (intelligently connected) ecosystem with the latest development of the wide-gas group, integrated vehicle-borne micro-letter function. 4) New vehicle control has improved sales in x units and is expected to bring about a return to autonomous performance.
The loss of dividends from the suv industry + poor management of its own business + a combination of product quality problems have led to a cliff slide since 2018. As the structure of the organization is restructured, new executive teams are introduced, and production and sales are made.
▪ Profit predictions and investment proposals: we expect the first net profit from the BG in 2019-2021 to be covered, with a "buy-in" rating for the BIG a+h shares. The 110 year global car history is a more dramatic performance than the drama, with cars up and down.
The key to investment is how to manage the change in the cycle of a car company. The cycle is short for a car company (an average of about three years) and the technological changes caused by a change in demand.
The resulting cycle of organizational change is a long cycle for a car company (an average of about 10 years). The automobile industry is made up of a large number of automobile companies, which are affected by macroeconomics, and the automobile industry itself. The cycle of a car company is not always synchronized with the cycle of the automobile industry, and the combination of the two creates many uncertainties for forward prediction analysis.
Stock-price HF data are the focus of secondary market investment. China’s listed automobile companies, apart from the Wall-Giley-Biadi, which is a purely autonomous brand, have joint ventures and autonomous brands, such as Chang An+ and auto+, which are more complex in terms of research.
This is the sequence of our analysis of a car company. At this point, if China’s market dimensions for the next 10 years: c (net connection)a (intelligent)s
Employability e (electricization) is a century-long revolution in the automobile industry, with qualitative changes in the three core elements of “Car product value added + core barriers + market boundaries” leading to major changes in the supply chain, with traditional car firms and cross-border forces playing a long and repeated game of dominance. We believe that the Case Revolution has dramatically increased the value added of automobile products, overall.
The size of the moving market has increased exponentially, but it has also increased the number of competitors, depending on which side of the conventional car’s corporate advantage or disadvantage is more favourable than the strategic ability to adjust in the context of the three-year cycle of China’s market dimension: slower economic growth and transition pressures on the structure of the economy, the reduction of fuel savings remains the core contradiction of automobile consumption, with double points.
The research in this report is based on the Toyota group, which sells a number of brands of Toyota + Mitsubishi + Treasure + Jeep. The historical financial data from the retreasuries show periodic fluctuations in the performance of the Broad Gas group: it was a business from 2008 to 2010.
The return on investment at the core of the performance contribution point (broad + wide + wide + wide Fek + wide Mitsubishi) is a direct factor affecting cyclical fluctuations, with non-investment returns (auminating autonomous brands) becoming an important factor in increasing cyclical fluctuations from sustained loss to profit. In 2019, affected by the downside of the cycle in the cycling industry, the performance of the broad group also went down.
The question arises as to whether the BG performance for the period 2020-2021 will continue into the bottom-up cycle or whether it is expected to re-enter the upper-line cycle? This is the central issue to be addressed in this report.
Figure 2: Changes in the net profit structure (in billions of yuan) of the Volatile Group, the market is currently divided on this question: 1) the solar car has been in a sustained recovery period since 2013 and will continue to improve in the future?
The camp scenario is not promising, and how much will the company's performance be delayed? By means of a comprehensive analysis, the present report aims to respond to the above-mentioned issues by adding a triple factor to the solar system, which is still the trend towards a slower growth cycle of gdp and a low-growth stock game in the city, “Government fuel consumption constraint + market quality consumption”
The economic crisis of 2008 has hit the Japanese industry hard, but it has also opened the way for a new wave of change, re-examining the old structure of the organization.
The focus is on “modularized architecture for building + moderate open supply chains + emphasis on China's market development.” 1) Toyota intends to slow down after many years of publication through tnga, to launch a new journey. Toyota is on a new product cycle.
Target 2. Although Honda is still affected by the aftershocks of the engine gas gate + the failure door, Honda is currently in the middle of a new product cycle, the cr-v sister vehicle is now officially pre-sold as a core point for the future, with the addition of 120,000 new production capacity and a third generation of i-mmd hybrid systems to boost sales to reach the target of 1 million vehicles.
By 2020, the parts and components industry park will have landed, with a plan to introduce two to three new vehicles (including re-modifications) each year to compensate for the shortfall in the current product line, with a long-term expectation of a breakthrough of 200,000 vehicles.
[gdp growth rate] is based on the rhythm of moving upwards in the hub by car. The number and frequency of peaks in the car are affected by the change in the birth rate + consumption perception. Based on Japan’s national context, the trend in China by car over the next 10 years: 1 into a low-growth era, with sales at the center or 3%, there is still room for upswing, but not yet.
Japan’s 30-year period of zero growth has either seen a second peak in sales, or 30 million. Three main underpinnings: 1 China’s economic growth remains resilient. 2 The full liberalization of second-born children has helped to ease the decline in the number of newborns in China. 3 China is in a period of transition from the second consumption to the third consumption concept, and the potential for individualized consumption remains strong.
In view of the evolution of global consumption trends over the past 110 years, the two oil crises of 1970s were an important turning point: the shift from expansionary consumption patterns to cost-saving consumption. The difference between the two models centred on whether vehicle consumption was subject to oil resources.
The government wakes up the alarm that, against the background of the planet’s total oil resource constraints, as total holdings rise, cars cannot be consumed without restraint, governments are bound to varying degrees by “policies of 100 kilometers of oil consumption or reduced carbon emissions.” The higher a country’s dependence on oil imports from abroad, the faster the real consumption of 100 kilometers of new vehicles has declined.
Japan’s oil dependence has been the highest in the world, and it has been the country with the best control of 100 km of oil consumption, which has fallen from 6 to 5l for only three years (2009-2012) and has now reached 4.4l/100km. Europe and the United States of America had similar levels of dependence on oil imports prior to 2008, but Europe has continued to rise but the United States maintains it since then.
The decline has led to a marked division between the two, with Europe spending 500 km from 6l to 5l in five years 2009-2014, reaching 4.8l/100 km, while the United States remains high, still 6.24l/100 km. China’s external dependence on oil has risen since 2000 and surpassed Europe only twice in 2015
In Japan, this has also forced the government to make important plans for a 100-km reduction schedule for new vehicles, attempting to reduce 100km of fuel consumption from 6l to 5l (2018-2020) over a period of two years. The slowdown in the Chinese gdp growth rate will mean a slowdown in the disposable income of the population, and more consumption by cars in the future.
Much of the change or increase is not only about the acquisition cost of new vehicles, but also about the increasing quality of the vehicles, especially the rational view of the cost of post-bus maintenance. In 2018, China had a total fleet of 200 million vehicles, with 145 holdings per thousand, which means that an average of about seven people own one vehicle, with an average age of 6.2 years (assuming 20 years of mandatory scrapping, all stock age).
Average. As the age of the vehicle rises, differences in the quality of the different branded vehicles are becoming increasingly apparent, with the low maintenance costs of the solar car and the advantage of the high residual ratio gradually highlighting the dual drivers of “government fuel consumption constraint + market quality consumption”, the next decade of domestic passenger cars will be intensive.
From the development history of the global rise of Japan’s cars, it is clear that a backlash against the US market is the key point on the basis of Japan’s domestic market. And the Japanese car is a backlash against the US market.
Having access to the high point of the global technology system, the three giants of the United States are losing their opportunities for technological progress and eventually falling. It took nearly 40 years before and after 1970-2008 to reverse the United States market (the three-Power bankruptcy restructuring/self-help line of 2008), not as simple as expected. The core is divided into three phases: 1) 1970-1985: direct exports to the United States market.
Mainly, the concept of “favourable goods” is deeply rooted in the low-cost advantage of Japan’s home-grown low-end car consumption market.) 1986-2000: Japanese-American trade was forced into localizing production sales in the United States in the context of the war, and the launch of the Lexa high-end brand, under the influence of Toyota’s sophisticated production methods, Japanese cars are not only of increasing quality but also of significant productivity efficiency.
In Europe and America, consumers in the United States recognized the solar car brand as rising. 3) After 2000: solar car blending, power technology leading the world, and stars like Prius selling the US market. For half a century, the US car-based consumption market has been accompanied by high fluctuations in oil prices and the introduction of regulations on fuel consumption by car, as well as continuous upgrading of emission standards.
The trend in China-Japan relations has been an important factor in the analysis of Japanese cars in China’s market. The history of Japanese-Japanese cars in China’s market has shown that they entered China later than the general public, but earlier than US-Americans.
The global economic turmoil caused by the US subprime mortgage crisis in 2008, with the Japanese car being the most adversely affected by the deep-seated US market, apart from the three major US powers, far outpaced German and Korean departments and Chinese automobile companies. The decline in the Chinese-Japanese relationship in 2009-2014 was further exacerbated by the 2012 fishing island incident.
In the current context of the China-US trade war, the China-Japan relationship has entered a period of détente that will provide a good environment for the development of the solar car in China. 2.3. The Japanese car itself is in a virtuous improvement cycle.
Looking at the shortcomings of the old organizational architecture, the focus is on “modular architecture building + modest external opening of the supply chain + focus on the development of the Chinese market.” Toyota intends to slow down after years of adjustment through the release of tnga, which heralds the start of a new cycle, with a new product cycle that is expected to continue at a high price, and a rav4 sister will be a heavy-pound vehicle for the next two years.
As you can see, the next 120,000 new production capabilities will boost sales to reach the target of 1 million. Honda is still affected by the after-waves of the engine gas portal + the decryption gate, but has now reached a new product cycle in which the cr-v sister vehicle is now officially pre-saled and, as a core point of view for the future, an additional 120,000 and a third generation of i-mmd hybrid systems will boost sales.
One million targets. The Boath Mitsubishi core, looking at the localized research and development centre and the parts and components industry park, landed in 2020, plans to introduce two to three new vehicles each year to compensate for the current shortage of product lines, with a long-term expectation of a breakthrough of 200,000 vehicles.
In the history of cars in 110 years, the three greats of the United States took half a century, the solar system (represented by Toyota/Honda) took 40 years to successfully defeat the United States market, and the German (represented by the public) took advantage of the rise of the Chinese market since 2000 to catch up with Toyota. There are three important turning points in history: the 1908 Ford current.
Line production: Two oil crises erupted in 1970s: the 2008 US subprime mortgage crisis. So, how does the cycle work for the Japanese car?
Domestic industrial integration has made rapid progress in achieving the two leading players, Toyota and Nias. But Japan’s total domestic market capacity has been limited, and the 1970s have matured, leading to a new round of growth in Japan’s domestic bubble economy from 1986 to 1989, with the bubble economy falling apart in 1990 into 30 years of zero growth in the domestic market.) 1970s to 2008.
In the 1970s, with direct exports, Honda took the lead in 1985 in the production and marketing of Japan’s cars to the United States’ home-grown construction plants. 3) The pace of growth slowed from 2009 to today, with Asian markets becoming the central growth point, but the growth momentum was outpaced by the general public.
The impact of the annual subprime mortgage crisis only slowed down in 2012. The general public suffered little from the economic crisis because of the small share of the United States market in 2008 and before. 2) The Chinese market was also affected by the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States in 2008, but the Chinese market recovered quickly because of its long-term strength, particularly the US government’s $4 trillion fiscal stimulus in 2009.
The public’s pre-emptive advantage is clearly stronger than Toyota, combined with the impact of 1) and the public’s performance in China’s market since 2008 has continued to widen the gap between Toyota and Toyota. This view can be further confirmed by a combination of four specific figures: 8.07 million vehicles sold globally by the general public in 2011, which for the first time exceeded 7.36 million to Toyota’s world and continued to lead.
The North American market accounted for 29 per cent of global sales in Toyota, 9.2 per cent of global sales in the general population, and 36 per cent of global sales in Honda. In 2008, the North American market sold 2.51 million (year-to-year, 13 per cent) and Honda 1.66 million (year-to-year, 6.7 per cent), with the North American market entering a period of low growth after 2008.
Figure 14: Toyota/ Honda’s share in the North American market is significantly higher than in the general population. Besides the varying levels of injury caused by the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States, is there a deeper reason why the Japanese car (Toyota/ Honda) has fallen in China’s market than in the general public?
1) The uncertainty of China’s relations since 2000 is far less friendly than that of China’s German-Chinese relations. This has led to caution and conservatism in the investment of Japanese cars in the Chinese market. 2) The competitive advantage of China’s closed supply chain system over the last 20 years has been less than that of the open supply chain for the general public.
A point, we think, is an analysis of the underlying factors that are important for the next three years of the solar system’s growth in China. With regard to the auto supply chain system, is it closed or open?
From a general point of view, we believe that the global auto supply chain system has moved from 2008 to 2008, with a declining closed advantage and an increasing open advantage. The growth and decline of a country’s automobile industry must be associated with the growth and decline of a country’s manufacturing industry, and even with a shift in its economic power, which is not solely at the level of the automobile industry.
The core drivers of the automobile supply chain, from closure (vertical) to openness (levels), are: 1) one vehicle is cost-intensive from manufacturing to R & D. As consumer demand for automobile functionality increases the complexity of the product, and as car consumption shifts from regional to global markets, the ratio of vehicle-type R & D costs increases and manufacturing costs passively.
This has led to a growing risk of ahead-of-the-shelf R&D inputs being borne by car firms. 2) The replacement cycle for vehicle models is becoming shorter.
Automobile shut-down (vertical) supply chain system: The entire factory has the ownership of the industrial chain, upstream parts are attached to the entire factory in the form of pyramids, and downstream distributors assist in the sale of the entire factory by authorizing the sale of the car. The motor + transmission vehicle is a high-precision system project, and the whole factory needs not only to capture the technology core but also to ensure large scale.
In this context, the entire garage, in order to eliminate the techno-black box, has to take on core R & D risks, but long-term binding of parts and components suppliers to the system through certification models and long-term collating, can create a high degree of tacitity and increase its own R & D and productivity. The 3rd Big League of the United States is the owner of the car for the first 50 years.
This is why Japanese cars have been able to achieve their true high value, productivity, and quality by imitating the foundation of innovation and eventually relying on Toyota’s sophisticated production methods.
There are no unusual and stringent criteria for objective parameters. When it comes to opening up the supply chain, the main subject is traditional cars (the internal combustion engine is the owner).
The 2008 American subprime crisis is an important turning point for the global car supply chain to move from closure to openness. The 2008 U.S. Triumph bankruptcy/self-help means the global car industry.
During the rescue process, the troika opted to “reduce” not only non-core brands (especially acquisitions), but also core parts and components suppliers removed from the system to become third-party suppliers. The 2008 Japanese car was also affected by the high United States market share, and it realized that it was once proud.
Toyota-style sophisticated production methods are vulnerable to cyclical fluctuations, and are beginning to seek changes in their closed supply chain systems. Largely, they are the most representative examples of open supply chains in the traditional automobile industry, ranging from a platform-to-module approach to a modular approach that closely integrates multi-brand management with multi-market demand, balancing the rapid and low-cost development of new models.
In the 1980’s, when Toyota was very productive and produced in a global way, the public was as active as the Triad of the United States in learning Toyota, but eventually found that efficiency improvements were limited by ten cents, the important reason behind this was that German culture did not adapt to the essence of Toyota’s production methods. Europe was a car.
So, for the general public, choosing a platform/module strategy is the best way to reduce its cost-efficiency, which requires that its supply chain system be open, full of cars.
The plant decides that the system should be planned, and that the first-tier supplier will be able to participate in the pre-platform/module development earlier and deeper, so that it can reduce the risks to the entire garage itself, while increasing the efficiency of production by using external forces. If the future car is the focus, the immediate cross-border involvement in the automobile chain will be an important sign of further opening of the car supply chain. Case will revolutionize the future car.
A further rise in value added means that the more complex the product is, the more interdisciplinary research, the more research and development that a car needs to take, the higher risk index level, and the more risk resistance of a traditional car factory as a whole are being severely tested. The core barriers to the future of cars are not just about quality and cost, but about who can control the vehicle's access (data) is also a very important factor. Networking (c)
It's the core of the future autocase revolution, and the key to how the car company captures the voice of the vehicle data. The choice of cooperation with cross-border forces is inevitable, but the core captures the measure of how, in this long-standing and repeated game, the voice of the car falls compared to the closed supply chain system. The 2008 economic crisis woke up the solar system to respond to demand.
The new changes are imminent. 2.3.2. Toyota's new starting point - the global architecture of tnga - the essence of Toyota's production cannot be learned by the general population, nor can the essence of popular modularization of Toyota, which is behind it.
Toyota’s 2009 brake doors and the 2015 mass emissions door show a sharp rise in the difficulty of quality control when car companies hit 10 million flats, posing new challenges to the R & D and supply chain systems of a car company.
Toyota Toyota's male president, who took over in 2009, put an end to Watanabe's “scaling priorities” by putting forward the tnga architecture, which means that Toyota returns to car-making, improves the Toyota system and productive methods, and steadily meets 10 million challenges. There is a view in the market that Toyota feels that he is lagging behind in modularization.
tnga and mqb share the same thing: providing commonality of parts and components and reducing costs. Whether tnga or mqb is an organizational evolution of Toyota and the general public according to their own development needs, the cultural genes behind them are completely different.
Tnga is essentially a bottleneck in the old organizational system when Toyota met the scale of 10 million sales, adapting to the changes of the times and making breakthroughs. Toyota-Man wants to give fresh blood to Toyota through tnga, and hopes to do so through “Increased product power – tnga – drops”
The low-cost - product power cycle replaces the "cost reduction - product empowerment - scale-up - cost reduction" cycle, thereby achieving long-term sustainable development of Toyota.
Toyota’s competitiveness in Japan’s domestic market. 5) Flexibility to respond to the needs of emerging markets abroad, to produce high-quality and cost-competitive products. Organizational change is the first step in driving tnga to the ground, adjusted for about three years in early 2013.
Over the past 75 years, over the long-term evolution of the organizational structure, Toyota has led to long-term high growth in the form of the tqc management system +ce product development system +tps production. But at a later stage, the core issue has been revealed: 1) c) individual R & D-production-sales systems for each vehicle type under the master engineer system, resulting in a heavy internal resource load
Respiratory waste, slow response to market demand, and poor commonality of parts and components. 2) The tqc function has too strong a voice, and there are more regional market demand feedback levels. The new structure under the tnga structure: 1) Strengthening product axes rather than functional axes expands the regional market’s own rights and weakens the functional sector’s voice. 2) Technology Development + Production Technology is independent.
The four main lines of business are directly linked. 3) The four main lines of business are: Lexas International + Toyota I + National Market + Toyota II + Business Module Centre. Figure 16: Toyota ' s core organizational structure up to 2009
Figure 17: Toyota ' s new organizational structure following the 2009 reform 2. tnga further simplified and simplified the Toyota platform. 1) Initial: The concept of platforming began in 1950 or so, except for the low connectivity of spare parts and the very large number of platforms, including a, e, j,
N,s,t,x,x,z,al,xa,xe,xf,xg,xh,xm,xp,xr,xs,xu,xv,xw,xxx,xy,xz.
Platform replacement, compact pre-drive), k platform and n platform.) 3) Now: a new structure tnga, tnga-c, tnga-k, tnga-n, e-tnga. The 4-Diprus 2015 listing represents the first car market under the tnga structure, with later changes or replacements largely derived from this structure.
Hiro Fung has achieved a substantial increase in prices driven by the new tnga car cycle. At the end of 2018, Ch-r was on the market, Camery was replaced in 2018, thunder was replaced in 2019, and the company sales grew by 17.6 per cent a year on a year-on-year basis, significantly better than the narrow use of cars and a 9.4 per cent drop in the future.
Toyota used to be fully productive in China (up to 125% in 2018), and the size of the production and sales is expected to rise to a new level with the additional 120,000 productive units.
While Honda's self-adjustment - i-mmd hybrid system - recalls that history knows that Honda's rise cannot be separated from the opportunities of the United States market, nor can it be spared the negative effects of the economic crisis of 2008 (referred to earlier), it was good that Honda had less than 4 million vehicles (about one half of Toyota) at the time.
The organizational structure is still “young” and recovered faster than Toyota. Honda's positive growth resumed in the United States in 2012 and remained steady until 2017, with an all-time high of 1.93 million vehicles, but in 2018, the oil-gate incident spread across the United States, with negative growth in sales. Honda's growth rate in the Chinese market slowed down in 2008-2012, 2013-2017.
A rapid annual growth (18.3% on average) was maintained, with the Toyota oilgate incident in 2018, the Guangbunya gate failure in 2019, and Honda's slowdown in China. Global sales to Honda reached 5.23 million vehicles in 2017, an increase of 1.57 million vehicles compared with a 42% increase in 2008. From the lessons of Toyota's development path to Honda's development, we believe that Honda's growth rate is 42%.
The reason Honda’s frequent quality problems in 2018-2019 are essentially that, after a rapid period of development, the scale of production and sales has moved up, and the cost and quality control of the original organizational structure often presents major challenges. There is a need for timely readjustments. New preparations for the next round of development.
Honda’s global self-reorientation: 1) establishing Honda architecture (like Toyota tnga) ... improving efficiency in the development of mass-producing vehicles and sharing of parts and components to maximize the use of global and regional models.
30% less development hours, 10% less global production costs (as a 2018 base), and a solution by 2022 for a variety of power sources such as global energy production oil-hev-phev-ev-fuel cells. 2) Increased attention continues to be paid to the development of two overseas markets in the United States and China. From pursuit of speed to quality, followed by response to the zev and Chinese Nev policies, layouts.
New energy vehicle development routes. By 2030, 50% of global sales are expected to be phev+hev, 15% v, and 35% pass-through fuel. 3) Using the technical advantages of i-mmd hybrid systems, it is planned to extend them to bev and fcv, with a 25% reduction in i-mmd system costs by 2022 (base year 2018). 4)
The revolution, especially electric and intellectualization, intensified and universal cruise cooperation in the area of unmanned services.
In January, the volume was more than 10,000. It is expected to continue to be updated in the future, with the Odyssey fuel version and fly-by. 2) One hundred and twenty thousand new productions are available, and one million are targeted for sales. 3) The market performance of the i-mmd third-generation hybrid system carrying Yakaku and Odyssey is to be expected.
2.3.4. Mitsubishi's home-grown acceleration — a long-term prospect of a breakthrough of 200,000 Mitsubishi has been established in 2012 as the first compact suv of national production, the second suv of national production (non-carved), and the third suv Euroland of national production in 2016,
The most recent is the new, compact suv song of 2018, which now forms a system of suv products called “Eurland + Powerful + Singing” with a new energy system dominated by Quizphev and Quizev. After five years or so, the model has achieved 100,000 grades, and Mitsubishi is still seeking to achieve the goal of 300,000 in China for its future development.
At the Shanghai Car Fair, Hiromi Mitsubishi made plans for the next five years: 1) perfecting the product matrix. By 2023, Hiromi Mitsubishi will be rolling out two to three new models (including re-modifications) each year to enrich the product matrix and achieve consumer diversity.
) Active R & D ecology. Thanks to the technology resources of the two major shareholders in the Volkswagen Group and the Mitsubishi Automobile, the Samsung Research and Development Centre and the Parts and Components Industries Park will be built by 2020. 3) Try new retail models. Hirosani will try new retail sales patterns, connect online distribution channels, and combine traditional sales with mobile mobility platforms.
In many foreign automobile brands, Mitsubishi's location is focused on suv, and overall strength is weak in global car companies, with 20-year-olds.
In the 1990’s, Mitsubishi became a member of the Daimler-Chrysler-Trift coalition, with 34% of the shares being acquired by Daimler, but the alliance collapsed, and in 2016 Mitsubishi was bought by Japanese and officially a member of the Renault-Nishki-Trifin alliance. In the face of China’s future stock game + double-centre policy, Hiro Mitsubishi needs to strengthen its localization strategy.
At present, the capacity has been expanded to 200,000 vehicles, and the focus for the future will be on the improvement of new products in the country following the establishment of the Research and Development Centre and the Parts and Components Industry Park in 2020.
In 2012, when the proprietorship was formed late, it began to grow gradually (gs5+ga5), and in 2015, when the gs4 market was popular, it successfully reached an average of 500,000 vehicles per year, with a subsequent cold in 2018 and the back end of the gs4 ' s own life cycle, and gs4 performed poorly, resulting in an average annual output in 2019.
Ten thousand vehicles, with an average monthly sales of 20,000 (based on 57 months) and an average monthly sales of 27,000 vehicles during the peak life cycle 2016-2017. gs4 contributed up to 88 per cent to the sale of a wide range of vehicles and dropped to 29 per cent in 2019, with a decline in sales of gs4, on the one hand, and an increase in sales of other types of vehicles and a decrease in product concentration, on the other hand.
In the next three years, whether or not the second generation of gs4 will become the main vehicle is still the core development variable that will determine the efficiency and profitability of the product. Figure 23: Changes in wholesale sales over the life cycle of the first generation of gs4
On October 22, 2019, on the day that 2 million whole vehicles were offline, the second generation of gs4 was set to take place at the Guangzhou factory. The second generation of gs4 was the main light point: 1) the first suv based on the modularized structure of the Global Platform for New and Wide Volkswagen. The whole new gpma was developed autonomously for the world's major car markets.
Platform-based modular architecture covering cars, suv, mpv and phev/hev models, the first platform structure in the country to accommodate the needs of different car markets around the world. 2) The latest family photo sculpture, 3.0-language design, is designed with a high degree of movement, relative to a cash vehicle, and the new car has a full and extended body size and a similar width.
The best. 3) The latest Digo (intelligently connected) ecosystem developed by the Volkswagen Group has been built into a vehicle-borne micro-credit capability. The second generation of gs4 has become the world's first-ever vehicle-car-borne micro-mail model. In addition, the new car will be branded with the universal essp9.3 system and equipped with an additional 122+ Automated Driver function.
The elements are designed to be inspired by a double 12.3 inch screen, with a five-sense cosmopolitan cabin. Listed in 2015, both rx5 and Boeing were listed in 2016, with three dimensions compared in detail. 1) Average monthly wholesale sales, dimensions: h6 while still in the lead, gs4+rx5+ Boeon 's listings put greater pressure on h6 at an average of 50,000 per month.
The average monthly sales volume of gs4+rx5+Boore in 2016-2017 was approximately 25,000, and the sum of these suvs fell by about $20,000, from the initial 12-140,000 exchange price range, to the current level of $10-120,000. The price of gs4 is currently higher than the H6 campaign and couple version, and is lower than the rx5/h6/Boyon 3.
Storage dimensions: based on January 2017, the aggregate social stock of these four vehicles (channel + enterprise) is now low at gs4, followed by h6, followed by rx5, and finally by Boeing. Since Hover has been on the market since 2013, and three more have been on the market between 2015 and 2016, the actual stock situation will be somewhat different from our calculations. But we can measure it.
It shows that the earlier current pressure on gs4 and h6 to go to the bank has been relatively small since 2017, and that the pressure on rx5 and Boeing is relatively high. Taken together, since 2019, gs4 has been in the bottom of the four competing cars because of the replacement window period for new and old products, and as the second generation of gs4 has been listed and stocked, we think that the next three years will be relatively reasonable.
The model is expected to return to its historical upper-middle-right level.
Figure 26: H6+gs4+rx5+ Comparison of prices for the four competing models/MEA 27: h6+gs4+rx5+Boon Business Stock Cumulative/Car (2017/1) In addition, in response to the spread of the new decade, the company has made new efforts to build channels and post-sale services
First, more than 500 4s shops throughout the country have dropped 8,000 locomotives for free of charge to the owners of the cars that need to be repaired. Second, the country's Specialgate has upgraded hardware and software to reflect more customer interest and goodwill. So, together, we think that broad gas autonomy, despite pressure in 2019, has had a negative impact on the company's consolidated statements, with four.
Quarterly transfers of cost items such as further clean-up of five stocks and upgrading of the storehouse, as well as the listing of second generation gs4, will lead to a new cycle of improvement.
The combination of Fiat and Chrysler (including Jeep brands) has so far been less effective in the global market. The domestic market has been weak. Fiat has failed to enter the Chinese market twice.
The Liberator has made initial progress with 200,000 vehicles, but in 2018 it began to fall off the cliff, and in 2019 it resumed its organizational and personnel restructuring and plans to resume sales in China. The main reason why we believe that the jeep nationalization has been blocked is because: 1) the suv industry’s best window period has been missed. 2) Guangfik’s production and sales score.
There is a major problem with the way things work. 3) The quality of the product is not well connected with the distributor. 4) In 2018, the car market entered a cold winter, with increased competition.
On the basis of the following core assumptions, we measure the performance of the BG in detail. 1) Assuming that the total sales of BG are 12.88/11.82 times the value of the stockpe, respectively, is undervalued and covered for the first time, with a lower than expected recovery in demand for the BIG a+h car industry. The recovery in demand for the use of vehicles is an important industry factor for improved corporate performance.
Autonomous brand suv price battles outpace expectations. Wide-scale autonomous sales and profits are largely influenced by the pattern of autonomous brand competition, especially the suv price battles.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board