Incidents reported by the Central and Central ICU (000157) 2021: ICUS 2021, which achieved 67.131 billion yuan in operating income for the company in 2021, a 3.11 per cent increase; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies 6,270 million yuan, a decrease of 13.88 per cent in the same year;
Research assistant: Xie Shau Wei, three sections of the business layout, which provides continuous development of dynamic energy. The company has multiple layouts around the manufacture of equipment within the framework of its overall strategy of “equipment manufacturing + Internet” and “industry + finance”
In addition, the three main sectors of engineering machinery, agricultural machinery + intelligent agriculture, and China's new building blocks have been created, leading to sustained dynamic development. In 2021, the engineering and machinery business generated $63,523 million, an increase of 3.49 per cent over the previous year.
The market for agricultural machinery has continued to make a breakthrough. The agricultural business has accelerated the upgrading of quality, optimized the product structure, and pushed for product upgrading. Wheat machines, dryers, swingers, bunners, and scavengers have kept the industry at the forefront of the domestic market. Smart agriculture has been commercialized.
A fast-tracking of the commercial smart-and-cloud platform for small-scale farmers, large-scale farmers, and the three main subjects of the government, to strengthen the foundation of the intelligent agricultural industry. Dry sandy equipment has been growing steadily, and the market share is stable in the domestic market.
Intelligent manufacturing has produced a great deal of results and has advanced the global strategy of “localization.” Firms have accelerated the upgrading of their manufacturing intelligence, the creation of smart parks, smart factories, smart production lines, intellectual conversion applications, smart systems, smart operations, and efficient operations, and have enhanced the quality of their companies.
In addition, with the rapid growth of overseas exports of engineering machinery, companies have accelerated the process of overseas change, continued to focus on priority countries and regions, and made breakthroughs in overseas markets through the construction of overseas business systems based on end-to-end, digital, and localization.
Investment proposals: Down to the Prudential Recommendation rating. The company is one of the leading engineering machines in the country, influenced by factors such as reduced downstream demand and rising raw materials prices. The company’s performance is under pressure, with a ratio of eight times, seven times, and seven times, respectively.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.