The transformation of innovation begins again, with multiple products entering the harvest period.
The company focuses on the areas of slowness, tumours, and immunization, covering the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, medical beauty, industrial micro-organisms, and constantly optimizing the product structure and moving from imitation to innovation. Among the subsidiaries, the market for the US-China-East core products continues to grow steadily, with a steady increase in occupancy rates; and the medical-American sector, the son-in-law, continues to grow steadily.
Shainclair is constantly unleashing its growth potential; innovative pipelines, company-differentiated adc and protac tracks, and in the area of metabolism, such as sugar reduction, a comprehensive distribution of oral molecules, double-targets and triple-targets, innovative management of the pharmaceutical industry, robust business trends, and a multi-product matrix is expected to ensure a long-cycle upwards of the company.
In January 2025, they were approved for listing; the platform préimedermafacial is about to launch a domestic listing plan as a bio-American device: reorganization of the meat toxin yy01, energy source equipment v30, and internal listing applications for the llansé Yyansem. As the product matrix is built, medical and American operations are expected to resume.
• Innovative pipelines continue to deliver and are expected to become medium- and long-term growth engines for companies that focus on the three core areas of neoplasm, endocrine, and self-exclusion.
Cpd3-adc plans to send an application to China and the United States of America for a 2025q2/q3.
The first cases are in the group; fgf21r/gcgr/glp-1r agonist dr10624, with expected end-of-stage results of 2-stage triester hemorrhosis with 2025q3. The company is expected to achieve a better profile of more adaptive disorders.
After more than 30 years of development, the company’s operations cover the entire pharmaceutical chain, with the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business, the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business, and the market.
The four major business lines of medical and industrial micro-organisms have evolved into a large, integrated pharmaceutical company that collects medicines for research, development, production, and distribution. In 2008, US$ 1 billion was sold in the first place in the Middle East: in 2011, the stock company sold more than $10 billion in total; in 2013, more than $1 billion was sold in capsules, and in the same year, for the first time, it was placed in Fortune.
Strong country 500 (288); Strategy for transition to innovation-driven pharmaceutical companies established in 2018 to continuously optimize the product structure and move from imitation to innovation. 1.1. Clear equity structure and clear division of work among subsidiaries
In May of that year, the shareholders in the company were the largest group in China, with a 41.67% shareholding, the real owner being Mr. Hu Kaya, and the second largest shareholder being the Hangzhou State Finance Committee, with a 16.42% shareholding. The subsidiary’s operations were clearly divided, covering the four main sections of the pharmaceutical industry, medicine industry, industrial micro-organisms, and pharmaceutical commerce, with a core focus on innovative medicine and medical beauty.
In the future, the company will continue to strengthen industry leadership through mergers and acquisitions and autonomous research and development, deepening the layout of the adc, glp-1, synthetics et cetera. In 2010, Mr. Lu Liang, Director-General of the company, joined Chinadong Medicines, Inc., and served as Deputy General Manager and General Manager of the company since June 2019.
Chairman of the Department. The remaining executives of medicine in China have accumulated many years of experience within the company and have had extensive experience in the management of pharmaceutical companies and in medical matters. 1.2, corporate performance has grown steadily, and sales costs have declined steadily.
Corporate income profits have grown steadily, with a rising trend in net return profits. Companies' performance has risen steadily over the last five years, with net interest rates of $914.7 million, an increase of 6.06 per cent over the previous five years. Companies’ performance has grown robustly, with profits growing faster than revenues, and core business profitability has continued to increase.
The company’s share of business has remained stable in recent years, and the share of medical and US income has risen. The company’s share of business has gone well in the last five years; the share of medical and aesthetic business has steadily increased in recent years, and in 2024, the company’s collection of medical and aesthetic plates was slightly reduced by the impact of the macro-environment, but the country’s revenues from Xinqiao’s studies have increased by more than 8 per cent in the same year.
The Māori share of corporate manufacturing was relatively large, with Māori accounting for 73.70 per cent in 2024, and the cost of sales has declined in recent years as income accounts for firm profitability indicators. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have slightly increased, indicating an increase in corporate profitability.
At the same time, there was a decline in the cost of corporate sales, which in 2024 stood at 15.29%, and in recent years there has been an upward trend in corporate spending on R & D. Companies continue to add codes to their R & D inputs, and plan to shift the product mix from imitation to innovation. In 2024, companies invested 1.77 billion yuan in R & D (excluding equity investment).
Four major business blocks: rapid development, innovative medicines, and medical and aesthetic operations in the harvest period: 2.1. Stock collection pressure, innovative product release. Core company varieties are mostly integrated into collection, stock collection pressure is gradually cleared. In 2020, the company weighs heavily.
In the second series of national collections, Acarbo sugar was evaluated as unsatisfied, and the impact of price reduction on the products that were taken together led to fluctuations in product revenues. As the risk of Acarbo slicing was absorbed, the sales of its chewing tablets increased steadily, and Acapose product series was back on track. In recent batches, most of the company's collections were already in place.
In December 2024, the Pure Bahrain oral solution was incorporated into the tenth round of the National Collection, with a procurement cycle of three years; in July 2022, whether to include the McCophenol capsules, hyglycerine tablets, oxen tablets, etc. in the seventh round of the National Collection. The sales of the company’s core products have increased steadily, and 100 orders of product series have been successfully completed.
The National Alliance for the Purchase of Medicinal Medicines has been renewed by the positive effects of the expansion of the 100% capsule reimbursement catalogue, and subsequent growth is expected to accelerate. Corporate pressure collection is now largely clear, and the effects of stock collection will continue to shrink as companies develop the availability of innovative drug lines and other plates, such as medical beauty, industrial micro-organisms, etc.
2.2 Innovative Medicines: Focus on the three main areas of endocrine, self-exclusion and neoplasm, innovation pipelines continue to materialize Corporate innovation research and development on the three core areas of treatment of neoplasm, endocrine and self-immunisation, continued to develop and develop a full-cycle coverage of research and development through autonomous research and development, external cooperation and product authorization (license-in)
The company’s autonomous research and development capacity continues to evolve, and the number of innovative drug lines has now broken 80, and the number of tubes is in the first echelons of the country’s pharmaceutical industry. The company’s three core areas of neoplasm, endocrine, and self-emission are already on the market, with the world’s first innovation drug (first-in-clas), and has created adc, glp-1,
The company acquired the Heroic Medicines industry, and worked with excellent biopharmaceutical companies in China and abroad, such as the State of Mystery, Hyeon Lew, Quints, Australians, Hanimb, to achieve strategies for products such as cd19 autocar-t product im19 injection fluid, ammonium acid plus glycerine net eugenics, injury to Corinth, qx005n, Idala ttyp01, etc.
2.2.1 Endocrines and metabolisms: a full-scale layout around glp-1, with excellent clinical data on three-target products.
The company ' s existing and subsequent upgrading products, which cover several clinical mainstream targets such as alpha-sugar enzyme inhibitors, dpp-4 inhibitors, sglt-2 inhibitors, glp-1 receptor single targets and long-lasting multi-target agonists, insulin and its analogues, already have nearly 20 small molecules and biopharmaceutical innovations.
The company built a full-scale and differentiated product pipe around the glp-1 target, with long-lasting effects, including oral tablets, injections, and multi-target combinations of innovative and biologically similar drugs. The company developed an autonomous oral glp-1 receptor accelerator Hdm1002 (conveglipron), which received weight management in October 2024.
The top-line results of clinical studies on adaptiveii have a better weight reduction effect and are safe and durable. The first testee for abstinence management clinical iii was scheduled to be completed in April 2025. In addition, the top-line results of clinical studies on diabetes adaptiveii are well under way, with a projected q3 in 2025 and a top-line result in 2025.
In the second half of the year, hedm1005 was developed as a company-owned glp-1r/gipr double-target long-acting multi-agonist injection fluid, which was approved in China for type 2 diabetes mellitus and for several adaptive inds. It was also used for weight management, metabolism, etc.
Four United States applications for fat hepatitis, “Treatment for Osa Obesity and Overweights” and “Treatment for hfpef Obesity Combinants” have been approved by fda. The product is currently producing positive results in the Ia and ib clinical trials in China, and ib research will be conducted by the American Diabetes Association in 2025.
(ada) Oral report at the scientific conference. The clinical trial phase II on body weight management is under way, with all of ii completed in April 2025, with q4 expected to enter the clinical phase iii in 2025. In addition, the first clinical trial on diabetic adaptive ii was completed in April 2025.
Dr10624 is a three-point agonist injection fluid developed by Zhejiang Daol Biotech Ltd., a controlled subsidiary. Currently, clinical studies are under way to treat the high risk of combined liver fibrosis, related adipose liver disease and transvestites related to metabolic alcohol.
The ii clinical study for the treatment of hyperglycerine triethylemia has been completed and the best post-blind results are expected in the third quarter of 2025 to support communication with cde for future iii clinical studies. In addition, the b/a clinical trial for obesity combined glycerine triethylemia in New Zealand has been completed.
The results were selected for the latest breakthrough study (latebreaker) of the annual conference of the European Hepatitis Research Association 2025 (easlcongress 2025) and, at the same time, dd10624 for clinical trials in China on type 2 diabetes and body weight adaptive disorders dr10624 was the first global target at fgfr1c/klothoβ(fgf21r), glp-1r and gcgrr
Candidates for innovative proteins. After 12 weeks of treatment, the dose groups of dr10624 showed a relative decrease in liver fat levels compared to the baseline of 51.9 per cent, 77.8 per cent, 79.0 per cent and 75.8 per cent, which is significantly higher than 26.3 per cent of the placebo group; and the dose groups of dr10624 showed a significant reduction in haemorrhage.
In the 12th week, there was a relative decrease of 31.32 per cent, 58.89 per cent, 70.16 per cent and 55.19 per cent in the dr1062 dose groups compared to 6.94 per cent in the placebo group, and in the 12th week, there were better results in reducing insulin resistance.
The changes were 42.7% and -35.9% respectively, while the placebo group was +5.77%.
The company's global innovation product, from Kiniksa in the United States, was injected with Lina Sep, a Chinese application for treatment of caps associated with cold cystic syndromes and re-emerging cardiovascular inflammation (rp), which was approved in November 2024 and December 2024, respectively.
The Chinese listing application for the single antibiotic-like drug hdm3001 (qx001s) for the treatment of adult filamental smud disease was granted. In addition, the application for permission to register and supplement the application for Crohn's disease was accepted in February 2025.
In March 2025, the first testee of the bed joined the group, and all the testees were included in the study for the nodal ancupuncture ii. The company’s Rofol steroid cream, in collaboration with the United States of America, was used to treat two adaptive conditions for patients aged 6 years and over. In September 2024, China’s Ind application was approved for two treatments for filaments of silver chip disease, all of which were in 2024.
In November, in China, the first testee of the iii clinical cycle was completed. 2.2.3, Oncology: Focused Entity and Haematoma, Hdm2005 Clinical i has been launched. Oncology is one of the three core treatment areas of the company’s pharmaceutical industry’s priority development.
The world's leading research and development platform for oncological innovation, through the discovery, screening and validation of new target sites for early drug development, has created a global launch of the new adc somitus anti-injection fluid, which covers more than 30 products of oncological innovation, adc, antibodies, protac, etc., which was approved in November 2024.
The adaptive condition is one for adults with ovarian, tubal or primary peritoneal cancers who have been systematically treated with α-positive platinum for the folic acid receptor.
In December 2024, the Department's first autonomous anti-cancer drug, hpk-1protac, was released in May 2024.
In addition, the company’s own research and development of adc projects with distinctive innovative targets, hdm202020202020, hdm2012, and hdm2017 plan to submit applications for q2/q3 in China and the United States in 2025.
Hdm2005 is the corporate-owned target for the treatment of late-stage malignant tumours by (ror1) orphan receptor receptor 1 (ror1). In blood tumors, b-cell lymphoma still has many unmet medical needs due to its high relapse rate and btk inhibitor resistance. ror1 is expressed in b-cell lymphoma, which promotes the survival and survival of tumours.
In August 2024, the first testee in the Chinese I phase, which completed the product, joined the group. In February 2025, the company submitted to Nmpa an application for the treatment of the lymphoma (dlbcl), which has not been systematically treated.
In February 2025, Hdm2005 cytolymphoma (mcl) accompanies the U.S. fda orphan drug. In April 2025, this combination r-chp treatment was approved by Nmpa for dlbcl ' s ind without systematic treatment.
The team leader for the clinical trials of the maze I stage has been launched and is expected to be in the group for the first time in May 2025. 2.3. Medical and aesthetic operations: high-end medical and American products are covered, domestic and foreign markets are coming together, and in April of the year, the company has 40 sums of “micro-plus-free” medical and international high-end products, of which both domestic and foreign are on the market.
The product portfolio, which covers the non-surgery mainstream areas of medical beauty such as eyebrow improvement, facial and body filling, encrypting, skin management, body plastics, hair removal, private restoration, etc., has formed a cluster of integrated products, the number of products and the area of coverage are among the highest in the industry, and the international influence of the industry continues to grow.
Companies have increasingly enriched their high-end medical industries through mergers and acquisitions. Companies have focused on the global medical high-end market, with their full-time subsidiary, Sinclair UK, operating as a platform for global medical and aesthetic operations, and in recent years have acquired international energy-sourced medical and aesthetics.
The company Hightech and virora, which are gradually introducing a multi-purpose skin management platform for préimedermafacial, a series of kiomed shell polyglycerine products, and a restructuring of the a botulinum toxin yy001, have gradually refined and enriched the layout of high-end American industries.
As a platform for the company’s global operations in medicine and America, fully funded company Sinclair actively expanded the impact of the Ministry’s adjustment and demand fluctuations, with revenues of about RMB 967 million in 2024, a decline of 25.81% compared to the previous year, reaching £1.26 billion for ebitda-1261 million.
The company continues to profile and promote the domestic and external registration of medical and American products. For overseas, the maili series was approved for listing in Singapore in June 2024. The new generation of skin-filled products kio 015 is projected to be in 2025.
All of the company's injecting piped products, including regenerative materials (ellansé, lanluma), urinary acid fillers (maili, perfectha) and wired products have been registered and listed in more than a dozen markets in the Middle East, and the ebd core product series cooltech, elysion and primelase are registered in the Middle East market.
It is also being actively advanced, and the overall progress has been halfway through. The ellansés has been approved for clinical work in the United States, and project start-up and researcher injection training has been completed, and the testee is in the grouping phase.
At the domestic level, the optical radio frequency treatment machine, Riana (v20), was approved for listing at npa in September 2024; the same series of v30 (radio frequency plus strong pulse +nd:yag laser high end integration multifunctional platform machine) received a notice of registration at npa in March 2025.
The main endpoint of all Chinese clinical trials was completed in September 2024 and is currently in the process of conducting a safe follow-up; another filler in the same series was released in January 2025.
Nmpa was notified of registration in January 2025. nmpa was accepted in December of that year.
2.4. Industrial micro-organisms: To continue to advance the four main directions of strategic layout and to speed up the opening of international markets The company is moving towards strategic layouts around xrna, special ingredients & intermediates, large health & biological materials, animal health, with microbities such as covering bacteria, metabolic regulation, enzyme catalyticization, synthetic modifiers, separation of purity, etc.
In 2021, the company proposed a strategy for the development of industrial micro-organisms, forming a research and development cluster centred on the development of industrial micro-organisms in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, the Institute of Technology in Synthetic Biology, China, China, China, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
Seven industrial bases for North America’s Kiki, Anhui Meihua, Hua-in Hu, and Nan Yu. Industrial microbiology research and development group (with 237 sub-projects), special ingredients & intermediates 88, high health & biological materials 38, animals 2.5, pharmaceutical commerce: sound operations, continuous innovation and strengthening core competitiveness.
The company’s pharmaceutical business focuses on the three main lines of business: pharmaceuticals, medical devices, medicine-coupled drinking tablets, and strengthens core competitiveness through innovative operations, such as “cold chains, vaccines, special medicines” and brand-owned pharmaceutical electricians. The company’s business size and market ownership continue to be in the lead in Zhejiang province, and has been stable in China for many years.
As of December 2024, the company had three self-owned medical logistics centres in North and Central China and South Weyne, 13 logistics warehouses with a total storage area of more than 190,000 square metres. At the same time, the company’s inner and out-of-the-hospital markets were combined with those of the outside, with business expansion and operational efficiency and reliance on internal initiatives to adjust and change.
The pharmaceutical industry: the company focuses on the three main areas of endocrine, neoplasm, and self-immunisation, and the central subsidiary, Central China and China, contributes to the main profits, focusing on products such as Lilalupe, car-t products, Zawagi Orrensi injection fluids, innovation, more than 80 tube lines, covering small molecules, adc, multi-resistance, etc.
Medicines Business: The company ' s pharmaceutical business has been expanding and operating in tandem, diversifying its business patterns such as pharmaceuticals, medical devices, Chinese medicine tablets, non-pharmaceutical commodities, and providing a stable cash flow to the company as a whole. In 2024, the company has expanded its cold bank four issues, focusing on enhancing the delivery capacity of high-value medicines such as vaccines, biological products, etc.
Medical beauty: As the company continues to improve the international medical beauty line and the core competitiveness of its operations is expected to increase steadily, we expect medical beauty to grow at a rate of 5.0 per cent in 2025-2027, industrial micro-organisms: the company continues to push xrna, special ingredients & intermediates, big health & biological materials, etc.
Animal health has four main directions of strategic layout, and overall sales trends have continued to improve. At present, the company ' s adc toxin innovation industry has completed a series of product layouts, several adc small molecule cdmo projects have been signed, the multipolar business has been completed, and the plate is expected to grow faster, and the industrial micro-organisms are expected to grow faster.
China’s pharmaceutical business covers the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, medical beauty, and industrial microbes. In the pharmaceutical industry, companies have the country’s most extensive line of diabetes products, ligricone dimetrazine, dimethyl glycerine net and akapo sugar tablets, among other core products, the advantages of which are evident.
The company’s medical beauty section is gradually being “globalized” and has developed a differentiated and transparent mix of sodium acid products, with nuclear heart products all over the world. The core task at this stage of industrial microbes is to open up international markets, maintain faster growth in all business units, and maintain a better overall marketing trend.
In comparison with the company’s valuations, we have selected three comparable companies, namely, the Leather Group, the Starry Medicines, and the Heung Swe Medicines.
Based on the combination of generic and innovative drugs in the current business structure of three companies, similar to the current development model of Chinese medicine. The company’s forecasts for 2025 are significantly lower than the average of comparable companies, with a higher value for money.
(1) Risk of failure in clinical research and development: there is greater uncertainty in the development of innovative medicines, a high rate of failure in the ii to iii phase due to underperformance of treatment, an increase in the number of subjects tested and an increase in the impact factors during clinical trials, which may lead to failure in the development of clinical data in the ii phase.
(2) Risk of deterioration of the pattern of competition: while the company ' s core layout products are relatively advanced, they are clinically well-arranged with the risk of deterioration of the future pattern of competition. (3) Marketing is not as risky as expected: product sales are subject to their own characteristics, competitive patterns, sales teams, industries
The impact of multiple factors, such as development.