The White Horse Pharmacy Transformation Innovation, which opens a new phase of development 09/06/2025: Core view: The results of corporate innovation transformation are about to materialize, and License-in and self-research innovation varieties will land
While the impact of stock-based generic and meth-based operations is gradually being cleared, industrial micro-organisms and medically-friendly business plates complement the growth in performance. Corporate overall performance is growing robustly + emerging, and it is expected that the value will be revalued.
By the end of 2024, the company had more than 80 lines of innovative pharmaceutical products.
One-plate, two-point, three-point product matrix. Single-target small oral molecules have entered the i-stage clinical stage, and important target layouts such as cdh17adc, protac.
The company License-in's innovative varieties are the first to be marketed, the new drug distribution system is being consolidated, and in the future, the sales of innovative varieties are increasing, and self-researching of innovative varieties will hopefully lead to performance contributions and assessments of industrial micro-organisms, medically fine plates, and the creation of diversified growth poles.
Building and purchasing, accelerating the industrial microbiology strategy map, which has formed four major businesses: xrna, special ingredients & meridium, big health & biomaterials, animal health, and is expected to generate a high rate of growth when productive capacity is released as customers accumulate and orders are converted.
In the future, the Chinese medicine (000963), the 2024 newspaper says: "We're on the market for maili urinary acid, restructuring of botulinum toxins and multi-medium medical equipment, and we're looking forward to the recovery of the medical plate."
In the traditional industry, the stock of large varieties has been gradually settled in recent years, and the micro-organisms have grown brightly.
A better pattern of competition, with less pressure to gather in the short term, will reduce the short- and long-term listing of innovation varieties, Chinese Medicine (000963); Mid 2024: Profit Forecasting and Valuation: Considering the ongoing realization of corporate innovation, we return it to our motherhood in 2025-2027.
Review: Two quarters of the industrial landscape is growing robustly, returns to the market performance, and the ability to innovate leads to a re-evaluation of valuations, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, risks of uncertainty in the pharmaceutical industry’s policies, etc.
The White Horse Pharmacy has been transformed into a new phase of development based on the development of a large pharmaceutical complex called “Pharma+Industry+Medical+Commercial” for more than 1.3 years.
After more than 30 years of development, the company’s operations cover the entire industry chain of medicine, with four major business plates: the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, medicine, the United States, and industrial micro-organisms, which have evolved into a large-scale combination of pharmaceutical research and development, production, distribution, and the creation of a global research and development biosphere that transforms itself into an innovatively driven international branding industry.
After 2018, companies were working on 85 lines of research and development in May, and the innovation product will gradually materialize, accelerating the transformation of corporate innovation. The management industry is experienced, helping companies to move forward.
(b) He has had more than a year of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and he is also the Managing Director of the China-East Pharmaceutical Business Company.
He worked for the company in July 1991 as a technician, workshop director, chief engineer and deputy general manager of China-American East Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hangzhou; as deputy general manager of China-East Medicines Ltd., from June 2019 to the present; and as general manager of the Ministry of Industrial Microbiology, from August 2021 to the present.
The stock structure is clear, the private sector is mixed, and the core shareholder is 41.67% China’s far-reaching holdings.