Large Fund Strategic Equity, Corporate Treasury Guidance Flash High-Hide Summary Report/Elements Recent, Moi-Innovation Public Notice: 1) National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund Inc. (in )
(b) Strategic Co-operation Agreement with China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing (Shanghai) Ltd. to be signed;
In our view, the company is a leading company in the domestic storage and mcu chip industry, the main business memory chip, which is a national strategy-supported, i.e., a sub-direction, benefiting from the price caused by global demand for noorflash.
Corporate performance will continue to rise, product structure upgrades, production in new products will continue, and the unit will grow at a high rate compared to the depth of 300. Large-scale funds will enter into equity and become the second largest shareholder, highlighting the strategic position of the corporate industry and will support it.
The development of corporate storage units and mcu design operations is expected to guarantee the company’s supply of crystal circle industrial energy, upgrade new technology and product development, and promote the development of the domestic storage industry. Working together, the plant will remove the uncertainty of storage capacity and provide a stable supply of long-term capacity.
1. According to the announcement, the agreement to be signed is a supply cooperation agreement, the contract is for raw materials crystal round, and the contract value is $1.2 billion or more by the end of 2018.2 In our view, the company is a domestic repository designer, and noorflash and other chip products depend on third parties
This agreement shows that market concerns about the uncertainty of production capacity will be eliminated and, against the background of the current pressure on the capacity of the entire storage industry, a long-term and stable supply of surrogate capacity will drive the company industry, q2 companies such as Wanghong, Wabong Electric, and the recent boom in stock prices will guide the high performance of the nonflash industry.
1. The second largest nonflash enterprise in the world grew by 27 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a Māori rate of 34 per cent (7 percentage points in the ring and 20 percentage points in the same year), with strong demand from beneficiary clients, 63 per cent in the second quarter, 21 per cent in the round and 9 per cent in the ring.
Research assistant: Hu Xiaoqiao's ring ratio increased by 6 per cent, Nandflash's harvest increased by 25 per cent in the same year, and the volume of goods delivered decreased by 25 per cent in the same year. In July, Quan Xuan Xuan's electronic ring grew by 18.7 per cent, or 34.1 per cent in the same year, showing an accelerated growth.
2. The year-on-year growth in the second quarter of the World ' s fourth largest nonflash firm, Wabang Power, was 8.71 per cent, ring growth was 9.46 per cent, and the Māori rate was 32.55 per cent (a 3.88 percentage point increase in the ring compared to 4.31 percentage points increase in the same year), the number of beneficial prices and the demand for multiple flash applications continued to grow, and the share of flash stocks in the second quarter
45%, with a 17% growth in the ring. In July, the China Power Camp registered a 0.6% increase in the ring, a 13.39% increase in the same year, and 1. " Micro-Innovation (603986) depth report: Storage, storage lead, flash-price-driven performance.
3. In our view, the second half of the year, the benefits of new smartphones, intensive supplies and new energy vehicles are entering the market season, sex 20170802 is expected to continue to be in short supply, rising prices and entering a new high-profile cycle.
Reconfirm the view that profit flashes continue to increase prices, noorflash enters a new cycle, mcu goes to good \triangleright 1 and demand continues to rise. Since the second half of the year, amoled smartphones will be in bulk, integrated into touch control.
And displaying a single tddi chip permeability of driveic, coupled with the rise in the use of the Internet, noor flash demand will continue to grow.2 Supply and capacity are limited. Currently, noorflash produces only 88,000 units per month, noorflash.
Closely linked to downstream applications, highly customized properties, long and difficult expansion of production capacity, major additional production capacity from such companies as Wabong Power and Wanghang will not be released until the second half of next year, coupled with the strategic shift of major international plants as Sepras, Light and Light to high-end markets such as vehicles, industrial controls, noorflash supply and supply.
According to the dramexchange study, noorflash prices are expected to rise by 10-20% in the third quarter of this year. According to digitimes, noorflash contract prices are expected to rise again in the fourth quarter.
The product process is leading, and the market share will rise as the price elasticity of the flash rises. The mcu product system is full and high value for money, will move towards import substitution, and the market share will continue to rise.
Companies stop buying Beijing, but we still look forward to their medium- and long-term development. Large funds have strategic equity, and companies will become one of the industrial platforms where the national memory strategy is located. Companies are the world’s leading flash chip and mcu suppliers, benefiting from continued price hikes and performance elasticities caused by the tight supply of flash chip and growing demand.
The ipo project will enrich the company’s product lines and enhance its competitiveness. Prices of raw materials such as 1 and crystal circle are volatile; 2, flash prices are not as high as expected; and 3, new products are not being developed as expected.
The author has a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,