In the recent past, the first half of 2017: $939 million in operating income in the first half of the year.
43.29 per cent long, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $179 million, an increase of 99.59 per cent over the same period, attributable to the reported excess performance, strong downstream demand for benefits, a marked improvement in the Māori ratio, and production of new products \triangleright
During the reporting period, (1) corporate growth in corporate performance was due mainly to: (1) the high demand for downstream products, the high demand for storage products, and the continued increase in prices; and (2) higher productivity, which further reduced costs, adding a relatively high Māori ratio to new products,
Increase in average Māori ratio; 3) New products, new customers and new applications are gradually being developed and downstream markets expanded.4 In our view, companies are the lead business in the domestic storage and networked chip industry, 32 mcu have been successfully developed and marketed, benefiting from the continued rise in prices caused by global demand for noorflash supply,
Upgraded product structure, continued production of new products, and higher rates of excellence, corporate performance will continue to grow high further optimize supply chains, such as crystal-round industrial capacity, and provide stable supply security for high performance growth Research Assistant: Hu Xiaoqiang
The accumulated net profits are expected to increase significantly compared to the same period the previous year. We believe that the second half of the year is a year of high sales of electrical sub-products, such as smartphones, and a year of continuous price increases for storage products, with companies performing better in the second half of the year than in the first half.2 We believe that companies have strategic partnerships with downstream supply chain enterprises, such as China-Chole International, although
The global semiconductor supply chain production capacity is insufficient and downstream demand continues to rise, and companies continue to optimize supply chain management, new processes, research and development of new technologies, new products, new applications, based on size advantages and brand excellence, and will be able to report in depth on MIG (603986):
Step-by-step reduction of costs and improvement of product yields to provide a stable supply guarantee for high performance growth. Storage companies, flash price-driven high performance; product structure optimization; storage chips and mcu product lines are further enriched; advanced process processes are advanced
In the reporting period, the company introduced a high energy base based on the 168 mhzcorpex-m4 inner core of the gd32f403 series.
This new microcontrolr product, more than gd32f330/350 series of supervalue microcontrols in main frequency 108mhz, new product, fingerprint recognition fpr (fingerprintreconvention) special mcu. 2 Multiple flash new products were produced. Broad-source voltage (1.65v ~ 3.6v) noorflash during the reporting period
Product mass production; noorflash success in vehicle-borne and high-performance areas; slcnandflash realization of volume production while increasing research and development of high-volume products; companies continuing to advance research and development for 45 nmnorflash; 24nmnandflash further calibrated optimization and made significant progress: new company patent applications for 62 items.
17 new patents; companies applied for 662 patents, with 204 patents, covering key areas of chip technology such as norflash, nandflash, mcu.3 In our view, ongoing research and development of advanced technology nodes, high performance, high capacity storage and high prices
The comparison of mcu is the firm’s core competitive advantage. Product volumes in areas such as access to goods, vehicles, high performance, fingerprint recognition, etc. will continue to increase the company’s presence in the market and the coverage of products in various applications, and as demand in downstream applications expands, it will become a new growth point for companies.
Completing a restrictive equity incentive scheme that provides a long-term in-house growth dynamic, and developing confidence, will provide firms with a long-term in-house growth dynamic.
\triangleright 1 \, demand continues to rise. From the second half of the year, amoled smartphones will be loaded up in large quantities, with a single tddi chip penetration increase in the combination of touch control ic and display drive , and with the rise in the application of the object network, noor
Flash demand will continue to grow. 2. Supply and capacity are limited. Currently, noorflash produces only 88,000 units per month, noorflash is closely connected to downstream applications, customised properties, long and difficult to expand, and Wabong power,
With the strategic shift to high-end markets, such as car-loading, industrial controls, of major international plants like Sépulas and Light, noorflash’s supply and prices continue to rise. According to Dramexhange’s research, noorflash prices are expected to rise by 20% in the third quarter of this year.
3. We believe that the company is the direct beneficiary of the increase in the price of the storage wheel, that the storage agent has sufficient capacity to produce, that the product process is ahead of schedule, and that the market share will rise as the price elasticity of the stock rises. The mcu product system is full-scale and high-valued, with progressive import substitution and a rising market share.
iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals that companies stop buying Beijing stubble, but we still look forward to the medium- and long-term development of companies. Companies are the world’s leading flash chip and mcu suppliers, benefiting from the tight supply of flash chip and the continued price hikes brought about by rising demand.
The ipo project will enrich the company’s product lines and enhance its competitiveness. Price volatility of raw materials such as North 1, Crystal Circle, etc. will not be considered; 2, flash prices will not be as high as expected; 3, Acquisitions will be slow; Jung Ping, tmt team leader.
The author has a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,