The suspension of the acquisition of Beijing sulfurized shares will not have a significant impact on the company's operations.
\triangleright 1 \, according to the announcement, in recent days companies, trading parties and intermediaries received supplies from the management team of Beijing's main operating entity, Integratedsiliconsulation, Inc. (hereinafter “issi”)
The firm and the other party to the transaction have been assessed as having a significant adverse effect on Beijing’s future business performance after the reorganization has been completed. Therefore, the company and the parties to the transaction have decided to terminate the transaction.
In our view, the decision to stop the acquisition of Beijing strontium is based on careful research by the company, which will not have a significant impact on the business activity compared to the position of the company’s 300-year-old unit. The company’s storage industry is prominent, and we still look forward to it.
From the second half of the year, amoled smartphones will be in bulk, integrated touch control ic and display drive ic's single tddi chip penetration, combined with the emergence of a network application, and noor
Flash demand will continue to grow. 2. Supply and capacity are limited. Currently, noorflash produces only 88,000 units per month, noorflash is closely connected to downstream applications, customised properties, long and difficult to expand, and Wabong power,
With the strategic shift to high-end markets, such as car-loading, industrial controls, of major international plants like Sépulas and Light, noorflash’s supply and prices continue to rise. According to Dramexhange’s research, noorflash prices are expected to rise by 20% in the third quarter of this year.
3. In our view, the company is the direct beneficiary of the increase in the cost of the storage wheel, with the storage agent having sufficient capacity to produce, the product process leading, and the market share increasing as the price elasticity of the flash rises. The mcu product system is full-scale and high-valued, providing an integrated solution that will gradually move towards import substitution, market share
Research Assistant: Hu Xiaojiang, a leading global supplier of flash chip and mcu, benefited from the continued price hike and increased demand for the flash chip. The ipo project will enrich the company’s product lines and boost production.
1. In-depth report on mega-innovation (603986): storage facilities lead enterprises with flash-up prices driving high performance 1 and fluctuations in prices of raw materials such as crystal circle; 2, flash-inflated prices are below expectations; and 3, acquisitions are slow.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as the head of the tmt group.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.