Global memory interface chip taps, digital transformations, core technology benefits (68808.sh)
The global server market will return to growth, with rapid demand for memory interface chips projected to grow by 5.6 per cent in 2021 and Chinese services in 2020-2024.
The RAM chip is an essential component of the server, and as the number of RAM channels gradually rises from six to eight, one is equipped.
The number of memory interface chips required for the two cpu servers has increased from 24 to 32, providing an additional increment to the memory interface chip. We expect that the Ddr5 era in the city of the interface will be approaching in 2020-2022, and the value of the memory interface chip will increase significantly to Intel support.
The cpu of ddr5 is expected to be launched in the second half of 2021, when dddr5 will be truly commercial and begin to penetrate. From ddr4 to ddr5, the number of chips in each memory interface chip continues to grow, with dddr4 using up to 1+9 memory chips and dddr5 having up to 5
Thank you very much: Intern Ichuyan has reached 1+10, and also has to be equipped with a combination of temperature sensors, power management, etc., to bring the overall value up. Based on past experience, ddr4 has just been marketed for each sub-product.
The price rises by more than 60%. Not only will the ddr5 perform better than the dddr4, but the price will also exceed the ddr4, which we expect to raise by more than 80%.
The main players in the global RAM chip market are technology, idt, and Rambus. idc is more uncertain about the integration process and development strategy following Risa’s acquisition. Rambus lacks lrdim’s latest product and has a short agenda in the ddr5 generation competition.
The ddr4 period began to build up technological advantages, with the city’s share rising from 28.47% in 2016 to 47% in 2019. Intel, as the second largest shareholder of the company, will also support the company’s business expansion, including through certification barriers.
The capital market dividend, which is expected to rise to over 50 per cent, the company's memory interface chip industry, which is expected to generate new business and open up the future growth space company's capture server at the end of 2019, has already been produced and is now being used by a number of server oem manufacturers, and the company is expected to take advantage of its high levels.
The retimer chip has been successfully produced, and the chip will be effective in addressing the loss of high-speed signals and will play an important role in the high-speed external connection of the pcie era. It will benefit from national production, substitution waves, and intergenerational changes in data protocols, capture servers and pcie 4.0 retimer.
Investment suggests that companies will benefit deeply from the digital transition, and that the memory interface chip business will rise at full cost. Companies are expected to continue to expand their market share and continue to grow faster.
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: Keeping the technology memory interface chip business up will continue to grow. The company, as the global tap of the memory interface, will benefit from the depth of the dividends of the server market growth and the conversion of the memory interface chip from ddr4 to ddr5 and the company's technological advantage.
Over the next two years, it is expected that the growth rate in corporate memory chip operations will remain at around 30%, driven by a digital shift, and that the Māori rate will remain above 70%. The capture server platform and pcie 4.0 retimer will gain new growth space in cloud computing.
In the roll-out phase, with the capacity to produce in quantities and benefit from the tide of national production substitution, we predict that the company's capture server business has completed its production development of pcie 4.0 retimer, that it can move to the market in an orderly manner from 2021, that it has 2021 projects, that the market is conservative about the rate of profitability of the memory interface chip operation, and that the company's memory interface chip performance will be fast.
Growth. As technologies such as mobile interconnection, cloud computing, big data, and object networking mature, the demand for server markets in traditional industries such as telecommunications and the Internet, transportation, and manufacturing will increase significantly, leading to a rapid increase in the demand for memory interface chips. The value of memory interface chips will increase significantly as the ddr5 era approaches.
There are three firms, namely, technology, idt, and Rambus, which have a leading technical advantage over their competitors, and a shareholder background that also contributes to the expansion of the company’s market, with a further increase in the company’s market share. The company’s memory interface is expected to remain at over 70% of the Māori share of the RAM chip business in 2020-2022, based on an increase in the unit price and competitiveness of new products.
The market believes that the company’s business structure is too monolithic and has a growth ceiling. We believe that the company, relying on its core technological advantages, has gradually made available servers, memory interface chip packages, pcie 4.0 retimer, artificial intelligence chips, and will grow in the future.
The company will benefit from a deep-deep digital transformation trend, and the memory interface chip business will rise in volume. The company is expected to continue to expand the demand for servers back-to-back; the server’s domesticization process is accelerating, and ddr5 is officially commercial and fast-to-reach.
Key assumptions and sensitivity analysis: First, build on technology: the growing memory interface chip "One of the Three Jacks" is deep-deep in the memory interface chip area, with over 99 per cent of the revenue from memory interface chip operations, with major products including from
Ddr2-ddr4 is a series of memory interface chipes. In 2004, T.I.A. was established, listed in Nastadk in September 2013, and was released from the market at the end of 2014 and privatized by Pudong T.T. and China Electronics.
The corporate memory interface chips in the ddr series have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, servers, and cloud computing, and have gradually taken up a significant share of the global market.
In addition to endogenous growth in technology research and development in the area of internal memory chips, the company has also extended its operations through school and business cooperation.
The company worked with Tsinghua University, Intel, to develop Jincpu, which uses a company-owned hybrid safe memory module (hsdimm), using ddr4 memory interface chips that the company has developed autonomously. The company's original business structure was broadened, and the chain was successfully extended downstream. In addition, the company was actively developing pcie 4.0 retimeer chips.
Retimer is a high-speed string/serdes with digital signal processing (dsp) capabilities and is likely to become a common package for future servers, high-speed network exchange equipment mainframes. The company completed the streaming of a pcie 4.0 retimer chip in 2019 and completed the development of a volume version of the chip in September 2020.
Generation, a server platform suitable for pcie 4.0 and above will open up a vast market space for pcierenemer, and the company’s pcie company will have strong talent and technological innovation. From its inception in 2004 to just 14 years now, the company, with its hard technology, has transformed itself from a silent follower to a business tradition in the memory interface chip market.
As of December 31, 2019, the number of employees in the company was 320, or higher, or 64.07%. The top leaders of the company, such as Mr. Yang and Mr. Chang-won, were high-level students with doctorates.
The network of corporate officials has shown that science and technology have been given a great deal of credit since 2007, including the China Patent Award and the China Quaker Award for the Annual Big Innovation Breakout. The company is the only company in the country to have received Intel-certified certification, and the company's invention of the ddr4 fully cushioned “1+9” architecture has been adopted as an international standard by jedec, which is relevant.
The product has successfully entered the mainstream global memory, server and cloud computing fields, taking up a major share of the international market. Figure 2. The award-winning certificate displayed by the network of corporate officials, with a fragmented equity structure, has facilitated market expansion for shareholders.
The closing period of the year (and the reduced price limits after the period of closure), directors, executives, and core technicians is over one year after they are on the market. The company’s main shareholders include China’s e-Investment Holdings (14.31%), intelcapital (9%), all shareholders have no control of more than half of the voting rights of the general meeting of shareholders alone, and more than half of the members of the board of directors.
To boost the second largest shareholder in technology, a 95% share of the global server market, a non-dialogue voice, and a major certification producer of memory interface chips, can help companies to open up further the room for market growth.
Companies are in a fast, long-term position, with great potential for growth in performance. With technology growing faster in income and net profits over the last three years, public figures 4. Companies ' incomes are growing gradually.
In 2017, the company adjusted the composition of its main business, displacing the less-than-rich consumer electronic chip business, pooling resources to develop the memory chip and the cpu business. The company ' s Māori ratio also increased significantly, with a corresponding increase in net profit levels. The company ' s costs were stable and invested heavily in research and development, with R&D spending largely exceeding the cost from 2016 to the first half of 2020.
Figure 6. High and sustained growth in corporate Maori and net interest rates
The memory interface chip is an essential part of the server and is applied only to the server 's memory bar and not to the normal pc and mobile phones. The memory contains data that cpu reads and runs instantaneously, communicates hard disks (outgoing) and cpu, directly affecting the performance of the computer. Unlike the normal pc, the server cannot satisfy its cpu without buffering it.
The importance of the memory interface chip has been highlighted by the high demands for speed, signal integrity and stability. Figure 8. Memory interface connects memory and memory of the server (i) The server market has grown again to inject kinetic energy into the growth of the memory interface chip
Cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence are the main drivers of server growth. The server industry can also benefit from dividends against a backdrop of continued high income growth and high capital spending by Yaas producers.
Income growth and capital spending growth can contribute to growing demand for arithmetic power. Moreover, 5g will see significant growth in marginal computing microservers under a fast-paced process. On the other hand, new trends in isomer computing structures (cpu+gpu, fpga, asic, etc.) and i servers will also continue to expand rapidly.
Figure 10. Growth in capital spending by major global cloud service providers. Server markets are expected to return to the growth trend. According to digitimesresearch, global server output was 15.6 million in 2019, a decrease of 1.17 per cent; according to idc, global server sales amounted to $87.3 billion, a decrease of 1.17 per cent.
Despite a decline in the server market in 2019, research agencies generally agree that growth will return after 2020, with doigitimesresearch predicting a 5.6 per cent increase in global server output in 2021, reaching 16,996,000. The Chinese server market enjoys a higher rate of growth, with an average annual increase projected by idc for 2020-2024.
In addition, the development of artificial intelligence technology will contribute to an explosion in the demand for the development of a platform. The development of artificial intelligence and cloud computing is supported by large data, while the collection and computation of large data will require a larger amount.
Higher-capacity server support. According to Trendforce, 32 per cent of the demand for dram in 2019 came from servers, 41 per cent from cell phones and mobile enders, and it is expected that by 2025, 48 per cent of dram demand will come from servers, 33 per cent from cell phones and mobiles, $1 billion, 26.71 per cent from cagr, and the industry is promising.
Figure 14. Global cloud computing industry promising (in millions of United States dollars)
The number of memory modules attached to single servers is increasing. The current usage of single standard server dram is 145 gb, which is expected to increase by 1.5 times to 366 gb for single server dram by 2021, while the use of single server drams for i-training is up to 2.5 tb, which is seven times the usage of standard server single.
The number of memory modules it supports is also increasing. For example, an Intel 14 nanometer server cpu has six memory channels that can be connected to a memory module. In general, a channel connects two memory modules and a server has two units x 86cpu. A server can therefore be equipped with a maximum of 24 ddr4/dddr5 memory modules and an internal memory module.
A memory interface chip, with the number of memory interface chips required for a server with two cpus increasing from 24 to 32. Figure 15.ai cloud servers using dram capacity as high as 2.5 tb. As memory modules are upgraded, the number of memory interface chips required for each memory module increases accordingly.
By contrast, ddr3 uses only one sender cache chip, ddr4 uses up to 1+9 memory chips, and ddr5 can reach up to 1+10 (1rcd+10db), while also achieving higher data rates and density and lower energy consumption. According to Trendforce, ddr5 server memory products will be phased out and replaced in 2022.
ddr4. As the memory product of the server overlaps, the volume of the memory interface chip is expected to increase. For example, ddr4, the memory module types include, inter alia, rdimm, lrdim, and udimm. udim (a group of two-column direct plug-in models) means the address and control signal without any time-sequencing adjustments to the dram chip on the dmm.
It has a low capacity, low frequency, low performance, and no data buffer between cpu and memory. Rdimm (double column with the memory) refers to the transmission of the time clock-drive chip (rcd) between cpu and the stored particles. A rdimm module is configured with 1 ×rcd chip. Due to the efficiency of the transmitter, it is more efficient than udimm.
A large capacity and higher frequency with a maximum frequency of 3,200 mt/s. lrdimm (load reduction of double-column straight-plug memory module) refers to the transfer of the sent clock drive chip (rcd) and the data buffer (db). An lrdrmm module (ddr5) is configured with 1xrcd+10xdb. On the one hand, it can reduce load and power, as opposed to 50% for rdimm, on the other hand.
Maximum support capacity to provide memory, e.g. a rdimm based on 4gbdram supports up to 16gb2rx4 memory capacity, while a lrdimm can reach 32gb4rx4 memory capacity. The memory interface chip market as a whole increases faster than the server market. The memory interface chip is the core of the server memory module.
The main function of the sequencer is to increase the speed and stability of memory data access to meet the growing high performance and high volume demand of the server cpu for memory modules. The growth in memory interface chips is higher than the service, as a result of the increasing load capacity of the server to store and process data worldwide.
Figure 18. The RAM chip market as a whole grew faster than the server market (iii) as the dddr5 era approached, and the single memory chip value increased by dddr4 became the mainstream and dddr5 called out. jedec officially released the final dddr5 regulation in July 2020
Van. It is expected that the new standard hardware will be introduced on devices such as servers and pc clients in 2021. From ddr4 to ddr5 as a whole will undergo a major technological change that will support 4,800 mt/s compared to the 3200mt/s of the last generation of dddr4, the first core chip of the dddr5 memory interface.
The high-end cloud computing servers and high-speed storage subsystems require operational performance, system expansion and power efficiency, using lower working voltage (1.1v). The technical rotation from ddr2 to ddr4 will lead to an increase in product prices.
The particle frequency varies, and the interface chip is divided into different sub-generations. In ddr4, it can be divided into four sub-generations: gen1, gen1.5, gen2, gen2+, corresponding to an increase in the speed of operation. Prices tend to increase when technology pushes up higher sub-products. In ddr4, gen2 to gen2+, the sub-products are raised by more than 60% when they are just marketed.
High-generation products have an advantage, with output being higher than expected in the industry as a whole. Figure 21.ddr4 shows a ratio of output in different sub-systems of servers, which were successful in 2018 and officially marketed in 2019.
The next generation of ddr5dram particles with a single capacity of 16 gb (2gb) was developed and the first met the jedec standard ddr5. Three stars developed the first paragraph 8 gblpdddr5dram chip in July 2018. On the cpu side, the intel-backed cpu of dddr5 is expected to be launched in the second half of 2021, when dddr5 will be truly commercialized.
Infiltration begins. Given the limited speed at which other devices, such as processors, can increase their performance and the technical path of ddr4, we expect that the ddr4 upgrade will continue for some time. Drawing on past experience, dddr5 will not only perform more than dddr4, but will also cost a lot more than dddr4, and the value of the memory chip as a core device is expected to increase significantly.
(i) There is a three-pronged pattern of global deep-in interface chip competition from the ddr2 to the ddr5 generation, and market competitors are decreasing.
More than a dozen companies, such as instruments, Intel, Siemens, Cricket, idt, etc., competed, and ddr3 withdrew. After the market phase-out, by the time of the current ddr5, there were three major manufacturers in the global market that could provide memory interface chips, one for technology, the other for idt, and the other for Rambus.
With the gradual accumulation of technological advantages from 28.47% in 2016 to 35.15% in 2017, idt was acquired by Risa in 2018, with greater uncertainty about the future integration process and development strategy. idt was established in 1980 and is based in the United States, a company that provides a combination signal semiconductor solution for the communications, computer and consumer industries, and is now in place.
The company can provide ddr3 and dddr4lrdim storage interface solutions, serialrapidio, pciexpressress & network bridges, signal integrity products and power management solutions to meet the needs of enterprise server applications. The idt memory interface chip area earns $240 million, representing a proportion of its total revenue.
25-30%, with a market share of nearly 40-45%, is comparable. However, renesasrissa is dominated by microcontrols, such as automobiles and industry, power management and simulation chips, which are not within its core business.
Rambus, which lacks the most recent product of lrdimm, has a short agenda in the ddr5 generation competition. Rambus, founded in 1990 and based in the United States, is a technology solutions research and development company that provides both secure R & D, advanced led photo equipment and monitors, and product services in the field of authentic mobile media.
Research and development of products, which are currently used for high-performance personal computers, graphic workstations, servers and other devices with certain requirements for bandwidth and time delays. After the acquisition of the memory clock-drivers (registerlockdriver,rcd) line for inphi, Rambus has successfully entered the ddr4 interface chip with a market share of 8-10% of the memory interface chip.
Rambus has some research and development power, and has already rolled out a sample of ddr5 memory interface chips. But it still has no solution of gen2.0 and gen2+ for lrdim products, and when the market enters the ddr5 generation, this part of the programme may lead to a decline in Rambus’s position in market competition.
Rambus 2019 revealed that its revenues amounted to $224 million, at a loss of $9.4 million, resulting in a net loss of 40 per cent. (ii) The technological advantage is clear, and the firm’s market share is expected to continue to rise.
The main intellectual property rights have steadily increased the city’s occupancy rate and have gradually established industry leadership by establishing a new standard for ddr4 memory interface chips. The company has established an international standard for ddr4 memory interface chips. The company’s design of ddr4 completely buffer “1+9” has broken through a centralized architecture design of ddr2 and dddr3, reducing potential losses during signal transmission and significantly reducing the losses.
The load between cpu and dram particles resolves the contradiction between the large capacity of the memory subsystem and the high speed and has been successfully adopted by the jedec international standards. In addition, the company has introduced a memory interface calibration algorithm, which has created a new high-speed, low-diplomatic sender that solves the problem of signal integrity of the memory bus in multiple-point communications, sudden-onset mode; and in the case of the maximum load on the server.
The technology supports the highest speed (3200 mps) of ddr4 memory, reaching international leadership. Figure 24. Memory interface chip maps.
Organization of a preliminary definition of the ddr5 memory interface chip, the basic technical framework of which is based on previous generations' performance upgrades and technological development of the server memory module's other supporting chip fields, to maintain the technical lead in the ddr5 interface chip. According to the caller instructions, the company has now successfully developed a prototype of the first generation ddr5 memory interface chip.
Volume production of the ddr5 chip at the end of 2021. Figure 25. Map of the dddr5 chip. Figure 26. Chart of the structure of the ddr5rcd chip of the first generation of the technology.
There are authentication barriers to memory interface chips, and corporate shareholders have an advantage in facilitating business expansion. In order for the memory interface chips to be large-scale commercialized, they must first be certified strictly through server cpu, memory, and Oem vendor targeting and functionality, which is one of the core barriers to the memory interface chip industry. Intel, which accounts for 95% of the world ' s server market, has no dialogue.
In the dram market, three major suppliers, Tristars, Hercules, and magnesium, account for 96% of the market, and three stars are among the company’s shareholders. In addition, the company and Intel also have deep experience of working with servers, building up research and development with Intel and Qinghua University.
Cpu, Intel provided financial and resource support.
Technology advantages provide core competitiveness, with the launch of an autonomous IP-based server platform. The quick server platform consists mainly of a combination of security memory modules for technology-based capture series cpu and technology-owned intellectual property rights (IPRs). The mixed security memory module uses a mot-icmt (IPRs) for technology-owned intellectual property rights (IPRs).
Contromemorytransfic memory monitoring technology provides a more secure and reliable memory resolution for high-end server platforms. Currently, two sets of hybrid security memory modules are being rolled out: a standard version mixed security memory module (hsdimm): and a streamlined version combined security memory module (hsdimm-lite), which can provide different applications.
Figure 27. Building on the technology capture server platform map to benefit from the development of data security and high performance data centres, the capture server platform will be very promising.
The platform is a high-performance, secure, controlled and credible server platform, especially for data centres with high data security requirements, and by 2020 we expect the sales of our x86 servers in government, telecommunications and finance to reach $16.4 billion, $9.03 billion and $6.78 billion, respectively. As the server data centres grow, the demand for arithmetic is increasing.
High, and at the same time information security, is an important question. In the future, a series of high-performance and credible controllable features of the ZWSP are expected to open up the growth space by taking advantage of the growth opportunities of the servers’ data centres in the face of the national production replacement wave.
Oem manufacturers have introduced Xincpu and developed a series of high-performance commercial x86 server products, such as association, Xinhua San, the Great Wall computer, and Bodd. Meanwhile, according to the network of corporate officials, the server operating systems of many partners, such as the winning software, China mobile, the All-China software, the Dream database, etc., have built a good industry chain ecology through certification of Xin Xincpu.
(ii) pcie4.0retimer: Advanced technology layout high performance pcie interconnectivity solution Demand for hypervelocity transmission drives the establishment of a higher data transfer protocol (pcie 4.0). pcie is a point-to-point string.
Many areas are widely used. Because traditional parallel interfaces are constrained by such factors as chip encapsulation, bond jamming, and board-level interconnections, they are no longer able to meet the volume of transmission requirements, and high-speed serial interfaces are gradually replacing traditional parallel interfaces as the mainstream trend.
For 8gt/s per channel, the need for hypervelocity transmission in the fields of big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., pcie 3.0 has become an increasingly systemic bottleneck of energy. For the purpose of supporting higher bus data absorption rates, the peripheral components are connected to one another (pcie-sig, peripheral parts and i/o data transmission standardization organization) developed the fourth generation data transfer protocol in 2017.
The high-speed data transfer protocol was developed from pcie 3.0 (data rate 8gt/s) to pcie 4.0 (data rate 16gt/s) and the data transfer rate doubled.
At the same time, the problem of signal decay and reordering reference clocks has been highlighted, and these problems have greatly limited the transmission of hypervelocity data, and transmission protocols have been used in the next generation of computing platforms. The high-speed transmission problem of pcie 4.0 has increased the need for design to optimize the interconnection of high-speed circuits and systems, and has increased the requirement to maintain signal integrity under hypervelocity transmission. To compensate for the loss of high-speed signals,
At the international level, the retimer chip for pcie 4.0 is currently in the development stage and does not form a mature product marketing chain or industrialization.
The company has completed its mass production development of pcie 4.0 retimer, which will consolidate its core technological advantages. The company completed a slide of the pcie 4.0 retimer chip in 2019, was sent to potential clients and partners for a test evaluation in the first half of 2020, and is being optimized on the basis of feedback from potential clients and partners, announced in September 2020.
The product’s core intellectual property rights, design development environment and product testing platform will provide a good basis for companies to develop pcie serialization products.
The increase in the use of memory bars by servers has resulted in an overall increase in the memory chip market at a higher rate than the server market and is expected to maintain a 20% increase in the interface chip market for the period 2020-2022.
For 47%, the company’s share of the market is expected to rise to over 50% in the coming years, thanks to its technological advantage and its post-market dividends. The company’s capture server is in its extension phase, has a capacity to produce in quantities, benefitting from a wave of national production substitution, and we predict the company’s level of production.
Given that there are only two competing firms in this area and that they are all foreign firms, companies listed in China have been selected as leading companies in different areas of chip design for valuation as comparable companies in the field of technology.
We use the fcff model to value technology. Assuming a constant growth rate of 2.0%, a risk-free rate of interest - 10, the combination of technology as a global core of memory interfaces is strong. Benefiting from the development of the cloud computing industry, the company's memory interface chip business is going to measure the price increase.
Intergenerational changes, the capture of servers and the pcie 4.0 retimer step-by-step production will further open up the room for corporate profit growth, and we continue to look at cloud computing, data security, and the introduction of a new wave of national production substitution. Currently, there are three major manufacturers of embedded interface chips in the global market, one of which is technology, in 2019.
The company’s technological advantage is clear, while intel, as the second largest shareholder in technology, can contribute significantly to the memory of the interface chip business, and the company is expected to expand its market share and sustain its profits. Servers deliver less than expected; ddr5 does not penetrate as much as expected; and the company’s new product is launched less than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
China’s Academy of Sciences has a doctorate in engineering, a master’s degree in engineering at Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in economics at the People’s University of China, and a bachelor’s degree in engineering at Tianjin University. Joined the China Galaxy Certificate Institute in 2018, mainly in electronics and science and technology.