Researchchand developmentcenter server cpu upgrades, memory interfaces with wind
Liu Chilai Research Assistant, server cpu upgrades, memory interfaces go up and down with the wind.
The company was created in 2004 as the leading international high-performance company in technology (688008), processors and full interconnection chip designs. The company is committed to providing cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
High-performance, low-capacity chip solutions. Current products include memory interface chips, pcle retimer chips, server cpu, and mixed safe memory modules. Server markets are already showing signs of heating, and memory is increasing. With new applications like cloud computing, ai, etc.
As a result, demand for data centres continues to grow globally, with servers expanding rapidly as the largest part of the cost of data centres. According to Advisory Body idc, the global server market reached $65.21 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 5.5 per cent.
As a result, the number of deliveries in the previous three quarters was approximately 8.82 million, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, with the x86 structure remaining the main type of server market, according to the cpu-structure zone, with the global X86 service provider camp receiving approximately $83.8 billion in 2019, or 91.4 per cent, in the area of X86 server cpu, intel.
Still a major player, accounting for more than 90% of the total, leading the server cpu market. In the first half of 2020, home-based work/learning became a new lifestyle due to the epidemic, online meetings, video games, etc. stimulated server demand, and data centre operations in intel continued to grow faster.
Long. In the second half of 2020, the impact of the epidemic subsided and the server market moved to the inventory stage, with industrial chain vendor operations slowing down. For 1q21, Intel guided the data centre industry to a 25% drop in the same year; after the winding down of the operations, data centre operations fell in the same year.
15%. However, there are signs of heating in the server market, specifically, the main product of the letterhead is the server, the management chip, which is relatively high in the server area, and since 2018, its quarterly collection has shown a high degree of convergence with the Inel data centre operations, and therefore its monthly collection and order situation is serviceable.
The monthly collection of the letter is currently increasing for three months (November 2020 - January 2021), or to some extent reflects the fact that the server market ddr5 is ready for release and that, according to Intel's guidelines, the server that supports ddr5 has cpu.
The number of ddr5 memory interface chips will increase, on the one hand by increasing the number of access routes supported by cpu and, on the other, by the lrdim structure.
1+9 to 1+10, adding a db chip. In addition, the server ddr5 memory module (mainstream mode) will be equipped with several supporting chips: a string detector chip (spd), a power management chip (pmic) and two temperature sensors (ts); general desktops, laptops
The memory module (mainstream mode) is usually combined with a serial detector chip (spd) and a power management chip (pmic). The use of the memory interface chip upgrades and folds the package chip will enhance the market space, and it is expected that the performance of technology will increase.
The new cycle plus new products is driving the technology forward. With the rapid, low generation of autonomous intellectual property rights, the company has completed the development of the corresponding memory interface chip and the accompanying chip, and is ready to launch, and the future support of the cpu stored in ddr5 is expected to benefit fully from the technology.
Upgrades in server memory. And the company's pcie 4.0 retimer series has been successfully produced, leading the industry in key performance indicators such as power consumption and transmission time delay, further expanding the company's product layout in the area of cloud computing and data centres.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Cover, giving companies a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: ddr5 market imports are not progressing as expected; intel processors are not released as expected; new products are not progressing as expected.
At the industry level, there are signs of heating in the server market as the stock goes to the end. The server ' s icelake structure cpu, an intel vendor, also began to climb the production slopes at 1q21 and its RAMs were upgraded from 6 to 8 channels. Some servers cpu are expected to release during the 2h21-1h22 period, giving further impetus to the server ' s need for upgrades.
At the company level, leading companies in the field of technology as memory interface chips have occupied an important share of the market in the ddr4 generation, and as the ddr5 generation approaches, the company has completed the development of the first generation of ddr5rcd and db manufacture chips, and has been set up with power management chips (pmics), temperature sensors (ts), serial detection chips (spd) etc.
At present, the company’s ddr5-related products are ready to be released, and the technology is expected to benefit fully from the server upgrade trend once the cpu stored in ddr5 is available. And the company’s pcie 4.0 retimer series has been successfully produced, with power consumption, transmission delays, etc., leading the industry, further expanding the company’s output in the area of cloud computing and data centres.
We believe that technology is in a high-quality track with a chance to increase costs. Volume: with cloud computing, online video/games, ai, etc. applications, the demand for data centres worldwide continues to grow, the number of servers will increase steadily, and with the increase in the number of memory channels supported by the server cpu, the lrdimm load will be low.
The memory interface chip usage is expected to increase faster. Price: the memory interface chip is a product of continuous upgrading. ddr4 generations have four sub-generations: gen1.0, gen1.5, gen2.0, gen2plus.
In technology, new sub-products will be sold at higher prices due to technological and performance upgrades. The ddr5 generation will come with higher technical requirements and performance upgrades, or will continue to boost the price of memory interface chips for the new generation.
The company is committed to providing high-performance, low-power chip solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the current product includes memory interface cores.
The industry leads with high performance, low-capacity memory, the capture of cpu and the blending of safe memory models.
High-performance pcieretimer chip, with interface chip, for a global group of enterprise-level servers
Advanced signal modem technology to provide servers. Markets provide high-speed, high-capacity, easy-to-extension, chip-grade security for data
Applications such as storage equipment and hardware accelerators High reliability memory system solutions Centre provides more secure and reliable calculations
For the extended pcie high-speed interconnectivity solver, the company has for more than a decade a deep field of internal storage interface chips, becoming one of the major global providers of full buffer/half-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4, with significant voice rights in this area. The company invented a total ddr4 buffer.
The "1+9" architecture has been adopted as an international standard, and its products have successfully entered the mainstream international memory, server, and cloud computing domains, taking up a major share of the global market. The capture server platform consists mainly of technology-inflicted cpu and mixed safe memory modules.
Real-time security monitoring functions can play an important role in the area of information security by providing a more secure and reliable platform for computing data centres for cloud computing. In addition, the platform integrates advanced isomer computing and interconnection techniques that can provide a powerful combination of data processing and computing support for applications in the age of big data and artificial intelligence.
Figure 3: Figure 4: Mixed safety memory module pcie 4.0 retimer chip refers to the hypervelocity time-series integration chip applicable to the fourth generation of pcie, primarily to the data centre
The retimer chip meets the basic pcie 4.0 standard, supports mainstream industry sealing, critical performance indicators such as power consumption and transmission delay are internationally advanced, and extensive interoperability tests have been conducted with cpu, webcards, solid-state hard disks, gpu and pcle exchange chips.
2. Focus on technological upgrading, research and development investment to maintain high levels. Corporate revenue is largely contributed by memory interface chips, accounting for about 99%. So, with the upgrade of memory interface chips, corporate Māori ratios are on the rise, with the company Māori rate rising significantly in 2018, mainly to clear low Māori.
Consumption of electronic chips; in addition, new products will be sold at higher prices due to technological advances, as the average unit price of this memory interface chip product has risen steadily and the Māori rate has risen, and the interface between 2016 and 2019 is stored in figure 6: Growing the turnover of technology over the years (in billions of yuan)
Figure 7: Stimulating Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates for Science and Technology Year(s)
In recent quarters, costs have remained relatively stable, at around $110-120 million, and most of them consist of R & D costs, with a slightly lower share of overhead and sales costs and a more stable relative cost ratio, while financial costs are now reflected as interest income. In terms of R & D costs, companies have invested nearly 300 million in the last three years, and R & D costs have been at a relatively low level.
At a consistently high level around 15%, the emphasis on R & D is compounded by the fact that the net return profit performance of the company is relatively bright, given the growth in corporate revenue and the increase in the Maori rate, which has stabilized over the period.
Figure 10: Cost of uplifting science and technology over time Figure 12: Cost of uplifting science and technology research and development over the years Figure 13: Growth of net profits over the years of science and technology
The first shareholder is China Electronic Investment Holdings Ltd., which holds 14.31% of the company's shares; the second shareholder is Intel's investment platform, which holds 9.0% of the company's shares; and wlt and beads.
In order to bind the interests of the company and the core team, the company invested generously, with equity incentives in 2020 covering the majority of its members.
Worker. First award date is 8 January 2020, with 304 incentive recipients awarded for the first time at a price of 25 yuan/share, server market or will be warming, memory module upgrades continue, server market is showing signs of heating.
With the emergence of new applications such as cloud computing, ai, and the growing demand for data centres worldwide, servers as the largest part of the central cost of data, the market has expanded rapidly. According to the advisory body, idc, the global server market in the first three quarters of 2020 was $652.1 billion, an increase of 5.5% over the previous three quarters.
The x86 architecture, which is distinguished according to the cpu structure, continued to be the main type of server market, with the global X86 architecture service provider receiving approximately $83.8 billion in 2019, or 91.4 per cent, and the non-x86 structure receiving $8.0 billion, or 8.7 per cent.
And according to idc, the future x86 architecture will continue to dominate the server market, with a server size of $10.98 billion in 2024 and a composite growth rate of 5.6 per cent in 2019-2024. The cpu market of x86 will have a more stable pattern of competition, largely dominated by intel and amd.
The core structure of the zen series has rapidly increased its market share on the desktop and on the mobile end, from 3 q20 to more than 20 per cent; while in the server area, while the amd has increased its share, the intel has remained the main player, accounting for more than 90 per cent, leading the server ' s cpu market development.
Figure 18: Share of intel and md in total x86 market
Figure 21: Comparison of shares of intel and md at the mobile end. Although since 2016, intel has stopped using the processor-struct (tick-tock) development strategy and advanced processcpu has been extended, revenue collection has been growing steadily, with the city maintaining a high rate. And in terms of its data centre operations, 2018
Prior to that year, growth had been stable, with home-based work/learning becoming a new way of life in the first half of 2020 owing to the epidemic. In the second half of the year, the impact of the epidemic had subsided, the server market had entered the inventory phase, and industrial chain vendor operations had slowed down. For 1q21, Intel had guided a 25 per cent decline in the same year in the operation of the data centre for the first quarter of the year.
Based on a 15 per cent decline in the same year of operations at the Centre, the server market has shown signs of heating from more high-frequency data, specifically, the main product of the mailpit is the server tube, the chip, which has a high municipal share in the server sector, and its quarterly collection and intel data centre performance since 2018.
There is a high degree of convergence, and therefore the monthly collection and order situation may be somewhat forward-looking for the server. At present, the monthly collection has been increasing for three months (November 2020 - January 2021), reflecting, to some extent, signs of warming in the apparel market.
Figure 24: Intel vs. Yoy at Shinyo Camp, Figure 25: Satsui monthly 2; memory module upgrades and interface chips rises.
The server memory module is the data transit station of the server cpu and the hard disk, which functions as temporary storage of data at a faster rate than hard disk storage and reading. As a result of the increasing load capacity of the server data storage and processing, higher requirements are placed on the memory module ' s stability, ability to correct errors, and low power consumption.
The memory interface chip is a mandatory route for the server cpu to access the memory data. Its primary function is to increase the speed and stability of the memory data access to match the increasing speed and performance of the cpu. The memory interface chip can be divided by function into two categories: the sender buffer (rcd) to buffer the address/command/control signal from the memory controller; and the data buffer (db) to use.
to buffer a data signal from a memory controller or a memory particle. The memory module is commonly called rdim (sending double-column into the memory module) only with the rcd chip; the memory module using the rcd and db package is known as lrdim (reducing the double-column into the memory into the memory module), because lrdim buffers all signals from the memory control interface.
Memory controllers, for their part, have reduced their loads, so they are called the downloading memory module. The memory module has evolved over four large generations, and although the interval between generations has increased, in fact the memory interface chip has not slowed down, with four sub-generations in the ddr4 generation: gen1.0, gen1.5, gen2.0, gen2 plus, of which gen2plus
gen1.0 is listed in 2013, and the current mainstream memory interface chip is gen2plus. On a sub-generation specific product, the price of the memory interface chip gradually decreases over time; however, as technology evolves, new products will be sold at higher prices due to technological and performance upgrades.
The ddr5 is now ready for launch, and according to jedec's memory standards, dddr5 will continue to increase memory density and frequency, with a single lrdim server with a maximum capacity of 2 tb and a maximum transmission speed of 6.4 gbps. The memory interface gen2prus is up by 50%, and lower working voltage (1.1v) is used for transmission validity and reliability.
A structure, i.e. 1 rcd and 9 db; while in the ddr5 generation, lrdim will be equipped with 1+10 structures, i.e. 1 rcd and 10 db. In addition, in the ddr5 generation, the server memory module (mainstream mode) will be equipped with several packages: a chain detector
Chips (spd), a power management chip (pmic) and two temperature sensors (ts); general desktops, laptops, memory modules (mainstream mode) are usually combined with a chain detection chip (spd) and a power management chip (pmic). The use of the memory chip upgrades and folds of supporting chips will enhance the market space, and it is expected that the performance table of industry leaders will be boosted.
Figure 30: Performance upgrades brought by ddr5 rotation Figure 31: Dddr5 generation memory interface chip 1+10 structure dddr5 memory interface chip and ancillary chip release need to wait for the listing of cpu supporting dddr5 according to the Intel official
Guide, the server cpu that supports ddr5 is expected to be launched between the second half of 2021 and the first half of 2022. According to the memory model manufacturer, dddr5 is expected to gradually become the memory mainstream between 2021 and 2023. In the future, with the new server cpu, the dddr5 memory module will rapidly overlap, leading to a memory interface chip and an accompanying chip.
And then, as technology develops, we think the memory interface chip will enter the ddr5 generation change period, from 3200mt/s-4800mt/s-rate of first generation product to 5600mt/s, 6400mt/s, or even to 8400mt/s-of-high-speed product upgrading to drive the industry upwards. And, as the cpu upgrades, the number of RAM routes it supports will also increase.
With the increase, extending from the original 6 to 8 channels, the number of memory modules that each server can carry will increase, driving up the use of new items for memory interfaces. Figure 33: Upgraded direction of Intel server cpu
Table 3: Intel server cpu upgrades
Three, the new cycle plus new products, building on technology 1, the memory interface chip is expected to benefit from the market warming + product double-clicking
The memory interface chip is designed to address the mismatch between the high processing speed of the server cpu and the storage speed of the memory, and the product area has good prospects for development, thus attracting a large number of major industry manufacturers at the beginning of the industry, with more than 10 industry participants in the ddr2 phase.
The interface chip needs to be matched to the various RAM particles and RAM modules produced by the memory manufacturer and to be able to enter a large commercial phase through the full-scale certification of the server cpu, memory and oem manufacturers for their functions and performance (e.g. stability, speed of operation, power consumption, etc.). Therefore, the development of such products must not only capture the core technology of the RAM interface but also cross the border.
The high access threshold for server ecosystems has led to a gradual increase in industry concentration to the ddr3 stage, where industry is mainly involved, and after the ddr4 phase, the major packages of server memory interface chips are currently being developed and produced globally, including three companies, which contribute to technology, the acquisition of idt and Rambus, respectively.
Technology has emerged from intense competition, and has now established a leading position within the industry, with a significant market share. With the rapid, low-capacity technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, technology has gradually established a leading industry during the ddr4 phase, and the company-invented ddr4 fully buffered “1+9” architecture has been adopted by Jedec International Standards, and the products have successfully entered.
International mainstream memory, server and cloud computing. The company actively developed the ddr5 memory interface chip and has completed the development of the first generation ddr5rcd and db volume version of the chip, which meets the jedec criteria. In addition, the company expanded the development of the matching chip required for the ddr5 server memory module.
These include power management chips (pmics), temperature sensors (ts), serial detection chips (spd), which are designed to provide a one-stop solution for customers. Currently, the company's ddr5 memory interface chips and ancillary chips are working on pre-natal preparation, ready for release, and the technology is expected to benefit fully from the server once the cpu that supports the ddr5 memory is on the market in the future.
Pciexpress (pcie) is a high-speed serial computer extension bus standard for high-speed serial point-to-point two-channel high-bandwidth transmission, which is one of the most widely used high-performance external interfaces worldwide that can be used to connect gpu, solid-state hard disks.
The pci-nig organization introduced the pcie 4.0 standard in 2017, and the transmission rate rose to 16gt/s, double the pcie 3.0 (8gt/s).
. The data transmission speed is doubled, while causing significant signal decay and reference clock time reordering problems. To compensate for the high-speed message retimer chip, it will be one of the important devices of the high-speed circuit.
Amd was the first to launch the 3000 series of cpu in 2019 in support of pcie 4.0, but because its market share is concentrated in consumer-level markets, pcie 4.0 is still in the early stages of the server market. Intel is expected to add support for pcie 4.0 to the new paragraph of cpu, which is expected to boost the rapid landing of pcie 4.0 in the server market.
The technological pcie 4.0 retimer series has been successfully produced, using advanced signal modem techniques to enhance the integrity of the beacon, increasing the effective transmission distance of high-speed signals, leading the industry with key performance indicators such as power consumption, delay in transmission, and further expanding the product layout of the company in the area of cloud computing and data centres.
The roll-out of the cpu series, which is a x86 architecture processor with pre-screening (prc) and dynamic security surveillance (dsc), is currently in the market extension phase and accounts for a relatively small share of corporate revenue, but the server market is both an important part of the future data market and an important catch in the emerging areas of company future layout cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
The company officially released a new second generation of cpu in August 2020, and many servers, including Xinhua San, the Great Wall Super Cloud, Podd, Unions, etc. responded quickly, actively importing the second generation of cpu and developing a new server.
In comparison with the first generation of products, the second generation of cpu has seen a significant increase in performance, with the highest number of kernels increasing from 24 to 26, the maximum number of threads increasing from 48 to 52, the maximum frequency rising from 2.3 ghz to 3.2 ghz, and the maximum cache rising from 33 to 35.75 mb. In addition, the new generation of Qinpu is oriented towards the future development of the data centre, integrated depths.
At the market level, the company was successful in winning the Eastern Stocking Resources Upgrading Project. Currently, the server type that carries the zin speed cpu has been gradually applied to finance, government, transport, and high-tech enterprises.
Figure 42: Some of the partners of the Seizing Platform at the industry level show signs of heating in the server market as the stock runs to the end. The server intel's icelake structure cpu also started to climb the production slopes at 1q21, and its RAMs were upgraded from 6 to 8 channels, and there were
At the company level, leading companies in the field of technology as memory interface chips have taken up a major market share in the ddr4 generation, and as the ddr5 generation approaches, the company has completed the first generation of ddr5rcd and db volume chips.
At present, the company’s ddr5-related products are ready for release, and the technology is expected to benefit fully from the server’s memory upgrade trend when the cpu stored in dddr5 is available. And the company’s pcleon 4.0 retimer series has successfully produced the chip.
Key performance indicators such as power consumption, delay in transmission, etc., have further expanded the company's output in the area of cloud computing and data centres, where the main business is the memory interface chip, in which only three manufacturers, namely, technology, idt, and Rambus, are involved globally, and where there are currently no companies in the stock market, a company with the same or similar technology products, taking into account the company's presence.
The ddr5 market is not moving as fast as expected; the intel processor is being released at less time than expected; and the new product is not moving as fast as expected.
The C.O.C.C. is also the founder of a well-known semiconductor business incubation platform, C., which assisted a number of semiconductor companies whose teams were ranked third in 19 years in the new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in 18/19 in the crystal ball electronics industry; and 3/2 in 18/19 in the Golden Bull Award in the electronics industry.
Li Xiaoqing, M.A., Wuhan University, in 2018, in South-West Securities, in 2020, in Sinda Securities, covering the semiconductor industry chain. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, in 2020, in Sinda Securities, covering the consumer electronics industry chain.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.