Company evaluation report  Real estate industry Paulie property (600048.sh) incident: company published performance report 2021q3. Company business was made operational in the first three quarters of 2021
Revenues of $138,387 million increased by 17.87 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net return profits of 13,583 million Wang Qiu Yi, with a small increase in performance and a large amount of unsold resources.
138,387 million yuan, an increase of 17.87% over the same period, a net return profit of 13,583 million yuan, and a large future settlement that supports performance. Sales are sound, and the principle of equal growth is upheld, with a focus on the core cities.
Two hundred and fifty-three hundred and seventy-three thousand square metres, an increase of 4.08 per cent over the same period. Three hundred and ninety-nine thousand square metres, a decrease of 4.68 per cent over the same period, and two hundred and four hundred and thirty-seven thousand square metres over the same period, an increase of 10.60 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year.
The company’s strategy of maintaining a focus on the core cities accounts for 75% of the 38 core urban growth resources.
Financial soundness, three lines of red line. The first three quarters of the year, the company strengthened its cash flow management, resulting in a return of $367.2 billion, with 89.5 per cent. The company insisted on sustainable development, focusing on a healthy asset structure, a secure three lines of red line, and a net debt ratio by the end of the third quarter.
“Green Ribbon.” A strong cash-in-hand and superior debt structure allows companies to acquire more favourable resources and build up a leadership advantage under new mechanisms of financial regulation and land concentration. In August, the Paulie Group increased its shares of 500,000 shares and plans to continue over the next six months.
Investment proposals: The company is solid, rich in land reserves, strong sales, cash returns are good, the size of the two-wing business continues to grow, and the industry is increasingly entrenched. We anticipate long-term corporate performance, and we maintain a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.