On 28 February 2024, ddr5 and ai are expected to boost the company's elasticity.
The technology flashback for 2023, and the technology launch for 2023: the company's operating income for the reporting period was $2,286 million, compared to the previous year's three quarters, when the company's main ddr5 interconnected chip business began to grow, and the fourth quarter showed a better increase.
Long potential. With the warming of generic servers this year and ddr5dram's dram-backed rcd/db chip on server applications, the unit price and Māori are higher than the ddr4-related product, the ddr5 penetration rate is mentioned. The market share of the Internet chip market has increased considerably in the last four quarters.
As the need for server computing continues to increase, the efficiency of server system transmission has also become a top priority, in addition to the ability to calculate the primary computing chip. The company’s reserve of pcie/cxl, Research on National Dollar Securities Corporation – Incitement Technology (68808.sh) is the first response.
Retimer and mxc operations are expected to break out this year and next year. And in the second half of this year, with aipc's exposure, cover reports that the dram industry has three points resonance, and that the new business is going into the arithmetic system, which will lead to a brand-new market opportunity for corporate ckd chips.
U.S. 2024.02.08 Upward risk: competitive expansion of capacity is lower than expected; ddr5 penetration is faster than market expectations; cxldram plus s0020523120001
Speed: accelerated aipc penetration: downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; increased competition in the industry accelerates down prices; technology, such as pmic, has contributed to the launch of a 2023 fast-track performance announcement: corporate operating income for the reporting period was 2,286 million yuan, down 37.76 per cent from the same period in the previous year, belonging to the parent company.
The net profit was $451 million, a decrease of 65.30 per cent over the same period the previous year. The net profit from the non-recurring gain and loss attributable to the parent company was $370 million, compared to the same period the previous year. As the dram industry was at the end of the second quarter and the ddr5 penetration rate continued to increase the company’s output of related major products, the company’s performance in the last three or four quarters showed a seasonal upward trend.
The decline in the operation of the capture server is one of the main reasons for the decline in the company’s overall revenue collection. Although this part of the business has increased somewhat in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, its low level of Maori has contributed to a certain reduction in the overall level of corporate Maori.
Overall, three quarters of the company’s main ddr5 Internet chip business is back on track, while four quarters show better growth potential. The company’s interconnection chip business will continue to grow better as generic servers warm up and dddr5dram’s penetration of server applications continues to increase. We expect that the dddr5dram penetration of server applications will rise from 13% at the end of 23, to 60-65% at the end of the year, while the ddr5dram package of rcd/db chips will continue to grow better.
And, according to our calculations, the Division’s market share in the global ddr5 Internet chip market has increased considerably in the last four quarters. And the development of the one is expected to lead to the release of new company business. As server computing needs have continued to increase, server systems are transmitting in addition to the ability to calculate the primary computing chip.
The company’s reserve of pcie/cxlretimer and mxc operations is expected to break out this year and next year. And, with the release of ai pc, the company’s ckd chip will be released in the second half of this year, creating a new market opportunity.
Figure 4: Comparison of income of ddr5 and ddr4 (millions) Figure 5: Changes in income of the rcd/db package and ancillary chips (millions) Figure 6: Māori rates projected by quarterly changes %
Upward risk: the ability of competitors to expand their production capacity is lower than expected; ddr5 penetration is faster than market expectations; cxldram is faster; aipc penetration is faster; downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; industry competition is higher than expected; supply problems accompany chips such as pmic; authors have qualification in securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence, and are independent and objective in a diligent and professional manner
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.