Connected chip unlocking power 1) cpu is interconnected with memory bars: memory interfaces and matching chips. The company sub-product iteratives industry leads, benefiting from high-growth dividends in the industry.
In terms of industrialization, the sub-ddr5 memory interface chip has accelerated significantly faster than the dddr4 generation, consolidating the advantages of the company’s ability to produce more iterativeally. In January 2024, the company officially pushed out the ddr5 fourth generation rcd chip, and the project samples were sent to the main memory manufacturer.
During the ddr5 memory interface chip replacement, the average sales unit price and the Māori rate for the company ' s related products are kept high.
Increases in server system performance are essential to provide higher bandwidth, better compatibility, and lower total cost of ownership than rdimm. According to jedec, the new server high bandwidth memory module mrdimm will combine one mrcd chip with 10 mdb
Chips. The demand for mrcd/mdb chips for mrdim is expected to rise significantly as the share of mrdim continues to rise. The company leads the development of mdb chip international standards, and the technology is a global leader.
The release of the new-generation server cpu platform, 11.41/11.41 (billion shares), will also start with the company mrcd/mdb chip 2) cpu interconnects with gpu: pcierenemer chip.
The pcierettimer chip is a new chip in the context of the pcie upgrade. China's e-Investment Holdings are limited.
The pcie or cxl mode can be changed flexibly to address data centres, server access, the hyperpcie protocol, when data are high, long-range transmissions, signal times are inconsistent, loss is high, and integrity is poor. According to relevant studies, the pcierettimer chip is expected to become.
The industry mainstream solution of the pcie 5.0 era. The company, the second global producer of the product in the pcie 5.0, has the advantage of self-researching the core bottom technology serdesip to keep the global market in the memory interface chip industry.
cpu is connected to the cxl device: mxc. The first global release of the mxc chip is expected to enter a mass-production climbing period this year. mxc chip can provide high-bandwidth, low-delayed high-speed interconnection solutions for cpu and cxl-based equipment.
And to achieve memory sharing between cpu and cxl devices, significantly reducing software stack complexity and overall data centre ownership costs (tco) at the same time that the system can be significantly upgraded. The company released its first global cxl memory extension control chip mcx chip in May 2022, and
In the first half of 2023, based on client feedback on the mxc chip prototypes and standard updates, a volume version of the stream and sample preparation was completed, and this year it is expected to enter the mass production slopes, trade frictions; new sub-products have changed less than expected; server markets have fallen; new technologies are emerging.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.