On March 28, 2024, asteralabs saw the potential of cxl.
On March 20th, Asteralabs' first public collection in NASDAQ, USA.
The price of $32-34 between sections of the paper, ipo being an easy size that exceeded the company ' s revenue of $115 million in 2023 for all recently listed United States Sections, at a loss of $2.62 million, with a market value of $12.9 billion. Currently, the focus is mainly on two parts of the company: retimer and cxl memory control.
Asteralabs think that the main competitors in retimer are: Bo, T, and Psychic, and Cxl memory controllers: marvell, microchip, T, and Rambus. We think that technology is also part of the market.
We believe that technology can start at $18 m in 24 years, with the city accounting for 7%. The Cxlmxxc memory extension controller has been overstocked by the big plant, the star, and the sea.
Verified and applied to its cxldram product. Mxc is expected to enter the bulk in 24H2 to 25 years.
The division's main business is clear, leading to the development of smart hardware such as ai server and aipc.
Upward risk: competitive expansion of production capacity lower than expected; ddr5 penetration faster than market expectations; cxl dram acceleration: aipc penetration acceleration; downside risk: ddr5 penetration lower than expected; increased competition in industry accelerates down prices; accompanied by cores
Supply issues such as pmic: s00205232101, 20 March, Asteralabs first publicly raised shares in NASDAQ, USA, with a stock code alab, at a price of $36 per share.
Euros, higher than the price previously presented by the company to the United States of America in document sec between $32-34, and ipo is an easy size beyond the three current product lines of all US Section Asteralabs that have recently been listed: (1) Main business ariespcle/cxlretimers: optimized stability of data transmission, enhanced high accuracy of al server transmission (2) terurus smart cable module: higher and faster network bandwidth for servers on aecs (source cable) (3)
Leocxl smart memory controller: provides memory expansion and pool under cxl. Asteralabs earned $115 million in 2023, lost $2.62 billion, with a market value of $12.19 billion. Currently, it is mainly for two parts of the company: retimer and cxl memory controller development.
The rivals are: marvell, microchip, technology, and Rambus. We believe that technology is also enjoying the market prospects. Retimer is now contributing most of the revenue. Asteralabs sold $115m in 23, estimated at 60% of the market.
The two growth curves are the future of cxl, which will grow as the cxl memory pool develops. Cxl's introduction of the memory pool will lead to a growing demand for cxlswitch, thus driving up cxlretimer's business.
It's expected to be $18m, with a market share of 7%. Cxl is one of the most popular storage technologies at the moment. In the ai era, capacity is an important part of the composition, and how to increase it and increase it becomes the necessary solution to improve it. When the hbm stack cannot go on indefinitely, cxl receives the attention of the storage plant.
1.0 storage expansion or cxl2.0 memory pool increases the server's capacity. It is assumed that the Leocxl smart memory controllers will grow with the release of the one-server. According to Light, cxl's market space is expected to exceed $20 billion in 2030, and we assume that the cxl core/extender chip accounts for 10%, with more than $2 billion in market space for the company.
Asteralabs' powerful competitors, the technogenic cxlmxc memory extension controller, has been overstocked by the big plant, the Three Stars, the Hercules, and applied to its cxldram product. mxc is expected to enter the bulk supply period from 24h2 to 25 years.
Upward risk: the ability of competitors to expand their production capacity is lower than expected; ddr5 penetration is faster than market expectations; cxldram is faster; aipc penetration is faster; downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; industry competition is higher than expected; supply problems accompany chips such as pmic; authors have qualification in securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence, and are independent and objective in a diligent and professional manner
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.