Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 26 January 2024, fuelling the 2023 performance forecast for the Science and Technology Bulletin, projected for 2023
With a 4q23 income forecast of $755 million, corresponding to 4.6 per cent, 26.3 per cent, followed by a three-quarter ring growth. After a significant adjustment of 1q23 to the company ' s quarterly performance in 2023, the performance of 2q23-4q23 was significantly repaired.
Considers that in 2023, the interface chip was affected by the inventory, that the overall volume requirement has not been restored, that the company's performance repair is largely due to the growth in the volume of the ddr5 interface chip. As the industry's inventory is largely closed, we believe that the market demand for the memory interface chip is expected to be gradual.
To return to normal, and because of the increase in ddr5 penetration, the field space comparison of the rcd+ packaged chip in the city will increase several times over the dddr4 period, and the technology industry, which acts as the interface chip, is expected to hit twice.
The RAM rate supported by pccpu will also reach 6,400 mt/s in 2024, so we're also expecting the year 2024 as the year of the arrival of the technology ckd chip to open up further the company's Q.D.D.
Intel's recent lack of revenue guidance for 1q24 has led the market to have some concerns about the industry's trend in ddr5 interface chips, but from the intel law, we think that its central business has suffered a slight decline in ring ratios, more seasonal factors, and our point of view is one.
It's time to focus more on the servercpu process. According to our combing, the cpu that supports ddr5 began to rise significantly at 3q23, and the emeraldripids that currently support ddr5gen2 are expected to deliver oems in February of 24th year.
And the progress of the graniterapids that support ddr5gen3 is better than expected. So we believe that the large upgrade of the ddr5 memory interface chip is constant and sub-alternates are on schedule.
This report is presented independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.