On March 28th, 2024, ddr5 boosted performance, and ani-carriage chip was delivered.
Line sales revenue was about $1.528 billion, and server platform product lines sales revenue was about $130 million. The market value in circulation (millions): companies benefited from increased ddr5 penetration and rcd intergenerational change, interconnection chip operations.
With regard to the company's power chip, the pcieretamer chip q2 drops were doubled, and the market share of the company increased significantly: mrcd/mdbq1 started a scale test to provide revenue, and the chips in question were sold.
q2 sales revenue is more than 50 million yuan after the q1 sales revenue was first over 20 million yuan. With the acceleration of q3aipc shipments, the ckd chip harvest is expected to materialize.
Quick Report: ddr5 and i are expected to boost corporate performance elasticity.
The first quarter of 2024: ddr4 stock uplifts a season
“Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation - Including Technology” (688008) astera labs) on the market: the potential of cxl from the US stock asteralabs” on the upswing risk: the ability of competitors to expand less than expected; ddr5 penetration faster than market expectations; cxl
(b) Downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; increased competition in the industry accelerates price drops; accompanied by supply problems such as pmics;
79.49 per cent of the voluntary disclosure announcement issued on 5 July 2024 by Science and Technology on an increase in its semi-annual performance in 2024, of which 79.49 per cent included revenues from the sale of interconnected chip lines of about 1,528 million yuan, revenues from the sale of installed server platform products of about 130 million yuan, and net profits from the ownership of parent companies of 583 million yuan ~ 623 million yuan.
During the 24-year period of operations, q2 companies generated $833 million in interconnected chips, an increase of 66.93 per cent in the same year, 19.92 per cent in the ring, and an increase of 63 per cent to 64 per cent in the Māori rate. Thanks to a recovery in demand for memory interfaces and modular packages, ddr5 downstream penetration has increased and ddr5 protagonists have continued to advance, currently in the first half of 2024.
The company's ddr5 second generation of rcd chips has delivered more than the first generation of rcd chips. The Zinkb server has benefited from the growth of the relevant letter-making project, with sales revenue of about $130 million in the first half of the year.
Pcletimmer chip: The company ' s pcletimmer chip was growing rapidly, with about 150,000 shipments in the first quarter of 2024, and about 300,000 in the second quarter, which doubled.
mrcd/mdb chip: to benefit from the ai and high performance calculations for higher bandwidth memory module demand, coupled with the high bandwidth memory module of the server that contributed to the mrcd/mdb chip started to be tested in mainstream cloud computing/Internet mills both within and outside the country, and the company ' s mrcd/mdb chip sales revenue grew rapidly and was sold in the first quarter of 2024
With the acceleration of q3aipc’s delivery, the ckd chip collection is expected to increase significantly. Upward risk: the ability of competitors to expand is lower than expected; ddr5 penetration is faster than expected in the market; and cxldram delivers.
Accelerating; accelerated aipc penetration; Downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; increased competition in the industry accelerates down prices; accompanied by chips such as the pmic index, Hong Kong market benchmark is the consistent index, the United States market benchmark is the punctuated 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is the three-point index (for the protocol transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.