Profits have improved significantly to meet the strategic window of national production replacement +ai parity Events: Recently, the 3rd Quarterly Report of Public Shares in China was released.
The revenue was 22.913 billion yuan, an increase of 206 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 3,535 million yuan, an increase in the same year, and the efficiency of operations was refined and the Māori rate and cash flow improved significantly.
The project screening mechanism and cost-control strategy are strictly enforced, while the focus is on breaking out of the high-value areas, where high-value operations continue to land, contributing together to a steady increase in the Māori ratio of 41.74% to Māori ratio of 2025q3 and an increase of 1.84 pct to 2024q3.
With a net gold flow of 1,564 million yuan (compared to 125 million yuan in the same period in 2024), healthy and sustained cash flows provide firm support for companies to follow up on the resonance opportunities of the new cycle of the economy and technology.
The company continues to focus on “breathing for people” as an important input, focusing on government areas such as data bureaus and urban management, increasing its outreach to large model operations, and focusing on the government-end national production replacements (e.g. server areas) of Yang Litten.
Major opportunities have emerged for server collection projects for mobile and southern power grid units in China. (ii) b At the end of the business sector, companies have continuously increased their investment in the digitalization of business scenes, producing ring highlights around their clients, upgrading technologies such as miniaturization, high temperature resistance, anti-vibration, self-cleaning, hyperspectral testing, etc.
On October 18, the company, at a new launch of the Great China stock smb in the autumn of 2025, focused on a number of new products and core system solutions that match the needs of district markets.
The case highlights the strategic strength of the company ' s s silviculture and co-existence with its partners. 3) Overseas operations New demand supports growth - 2025/04/23. The company has established six regional supply centres in Europe, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America, and
2. The three-quarterly edition of the 2024 report (002236.sz) has continued to enhance the operational capabilities of localized teams, while maintaining a robust risk management system and capacity-building for compliance, building foundations for overseas operations in response to uncertainties such as geopolitics and exchange rate fluctuations.
Precision investment deepens the “five-size” capability, and the case of a large model continues to fall. The company insists on large-scale research and development. \triangleright 24-year-long reviews: business excellence, innovation and innovation.
Intense, continuous consolidation of the "Five-All-Assured, All-Intelligent, Full Connection, Full-Assumption, All-Ecclesiastical" base for overseas business performances of 2024/05/02. At the same time, companies continuously upgrade their AI research and engineering capabilities and apply them around thousands of business landscapes.
The capacity to build large models, which have already landed in areas such as hand-over, public livelihoods, electricity, etc., has effectively improved the accuracy and generalization of algorithms and optimized overall interaction and efficiency. Investment advice: companies, as champions of R & D platforms, have accumulated in markets, R & D, supply chains, etc.
\triangleright A deep moat, overseas and innovative business continues to grow and domestic ownership is expected to build on major projects \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.