The company reports that the business structure is improving and the profitability of the company continues to improve - the third quarter of 2025.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved business income of 22,913 million yuan, an increase of 206 per cent over the previous quarter; in real terms, the income of the company increased by 13.04 per cent over the same period.
Growth of 1.95%; net return to mothers of $1.060 billion, or 44.12% in the same year; net loss to non-return mothers of $761 million, or 52.34% in the same year. Corporate business structure continued to be optimized with 41.65% Māori in the previous three quarters, or 1.27 pct in the same period; Māori in the single three quarters, 41.74% in the same year.
2.42 pct. The Māori ratio of domestic and overseas operations has increased to varying degrees.g End business is under pressure, b end business is under pressure, g end business pressure is continuing in three quarters, and is guided by national planning, such as the 3D transportation network.
The company focused on increasing its investment in sub-sectors such as railways, roads, and promoting better growth in major traffic and pipeline operations in the third quarter, but no new incremental policy support has emerged this year in the areas of emergency management, water, etc., which has put pressure on social governance and public sector operations.
In terms of distribution, current market demand has not recovered significantly, and companies continue to push for change.
Year and a half, 2025: Sound Growth of Revenues and Sustained Profitability.
Companies continue to roll out hardware that has the ability to be intelligent and expand the edge of hardware. At the industry level, in 2024, Al not only gave a holistic solution, but also deeply embedded the front end product. For example, new automatics are added.
The company combines large models with big data technology, introduces a second-stage search function, and acquires the active role of government-type customers.
Feedback. In business scenes, such as business inspections, companies use cloud large models instead of manual inspections to achieve "one million store second-class" inspections. The company will continue to produce more front-end, edge-side and centre-side products, using a combination of "large models plus small models" to deepen the application landscapes and upgrade the whole estate.
The company is the world's leading provider of video-centric smartware solutions and a service provider.
Industry growth space and business continuity, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks of technological upgrading: business model transformation risk: uncertainty about local fiscal capacity to pay risk; exchange rate risk; product security risk; intellectual property risk; internationalization of business risk; supply chain risk
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts