The price increase in conch cement has led to high performance growth, and the high climate in 2018 is expected to continue with the release of the 2017 annual report of conch cement, which has generated an annual operating income of $75.3 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Thirty-five per cent of the net profit from the mother was $15.9 billion, an increase of 86 per cent, with a gain of $2.99 per share. The increase in profit distribution led to high performance growth and investment returns. Compared to the previous year, sales of company cement and clinker increased from 277 million tons to 295 million tons, an increase of 6.5 per cent, a decline of 1.7 per cent.
Annual sales averaged $238 per ton and sales averaged $270 per ton in the second half of the year, and total profits were higher, ranging from $100 to $58 in the second half of the year. In the first half of the year, the company sanked cement and Qing Pong Pong, with a net return on investment of $2 billion.
The region’s upper and eastern centre is the focus of growth, and the south is a little slow. In the subregion, incomes have increased in the east and centre, while in the south, they have grown by only 9%; the fastest growing regions are basically the fastest-growing regions.
Domestic capacity expansion is becoming more and more difficult, and overseas will be the focus of expansion. Between 2014 and 2017, about 3.6 million tons of new clinker capacity were added, with data clearly showing that domestic capacity expansion has become more difficult, with real capital spending by firms in recent years being lower than planned at the beginning of the year.
One of the bright spots for the company ' s future is the expected launch of the Battambang and North Su conch clinker lines in Cambodia in 2018; the construction of the Barrow conch line in Indonesia and the Lao Qingbra State in Laos is at its peak. The industry is expected to maintain a high profile in 2018. On the supply side, one is the completeization and normality of production at the wrong peak.
On the demand side, the country is expected to decline only slightly, and the East Central region will continue to grow. We believe that industries can maintain a high profile in 2018.
• Construction materials: cement manufacture
(8621) 20328348