China: Cement 3/22, Shandong Jinning Cement Enterprise faulted.
The peak period extends to 3/31, and the average price of the cement mud is 410.0 yuan per ton or more.
All the clinker and powder mills were shut down, and it's even more obvious that the Chinese cement market is the most spectacular.
In 2018, q1 was determined to be strong, or more than 140% higher than in the same year. Prospective conch company brief: An insignia conch cement produces and sells silicate cement, silicate sulphate slag cement, complex cement and commercial clinker.
The price of conch cement (600585/ch) relative to the Shanghai stock index showed an all-time rise of 2017, with an all-time increase of 85.8 per cent: $753.1 billion in 2017 operating income from conch.
(Yoy+34.7%) The record is newly high, 1.6% higher than the Centre’s previous forecast of 7410 billion yuan; the maternal net profit of 1.86 billion yuan (Yoy+85.8%) is close to the upper limit of the expected increase in performance, which is $6.05 billion (Yoy+136.0%) compared to the Centre’s previous increase in the price of cement.
The average sales price of conch in 2017 was $274 (+25.7%). The sales of conch cement clinker in 2017 were $174,354.7 million.
The sum of Māori together increased to 35.6%, with a 240% increase per share: in 2017, the gross Māori product (high-value cement and bonestone) increased by 48.5%. On the other hand, in 2017, the Ensign Snails Company had limited liability.
The price of cement has risen dramatically, and the conch cost control capacity of the Taiga is strong, bringing it to around $87 and its debt-free ratio (2018f) (+22.9). In addition, the conch cost control capacity is high, at 24.6 ton in 2017, and three ton in 2017.
At the end of 2017, conch cash and its equivalent increased by 179.8% to market cleanness (2018f) by an average price of $410 per ton per cement in 2018.
The price of cement rose by 0.9 to 397.7 ton, the price of cement recovered slightly by 0.5 to 333.5 ton, and the price of cement fell by 3.6 ppt to 57.5%. Of this, the price of Cement in China stopped at a steady rate of $413 tot. The average price of Cement in China reached $462.1 (+43.5%) at the beginning of the year and is historically high.
In total, the supply side reform and the pressure on the EPP in 2018 have only increased, and the demand for cement has been tight throughout the year, and the average price of cement is more than $41.0 million per ton. Cement production has recently increased in the north of Tangshan and elsewhere.
About 30% has eliminated the pressure on Chinese cement prices from the North Mud south. China benefits from the construction of a satellite city, a special town policy, a strong demand, and a low probability of a sharp fall in regional prices, or becoming one of the most spectacular regional cities in the region.
The mud market's high profile provided a guarantee for the price and sales of cement from the conch in 2018, and the conch market in the core area has reached $434.1 per ton (+30.6 per cent) since the beginning of the year, and is expected to move steadily over the next two weeks, with a strong q1 rating in 2018 and a projected net profit of over $5.17 billion.
Ms. Oh Xiaoqiao's statement of analyst and important disclosures can be found in the annexa.
In making investment decisions, investors should consider this report only one of these considerations. Figure 1: The price difference for cement coal across the country is historically high.
Figure 3: High prices of Cement in Washington, D.C. Data source: Digital Cement Network, Yuan Da China: Cement
China: Cement (600585/ch)
Annex: Key disclosures: Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study report and who is responsible for issuing the certificate or certificate in this report, this statement: (1) all the points in the paper reflect his personal views on the issuers of the certificate or certificate; (2) any specific investment proposals or observations made by the analysts of the Department of Research in this study are not directly or indirectly related to any part of his past, present or future remuneration.
Conch Cement (600585/ch) - Three years of historical trends in investment advice and target prices: a = adjusted share price based on equity and cash equity; b = unadjusted target price; c = adjusted target price based on equity and cash equity.
Bought: We have a positive view of the stock, based on the Centre’s prediction of whether the investment period is absolute or relative. This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial statements, current, multilateral issues, evaluation information, and risks. It is recommended that investors increase the share in the investment stock. Holding - beyond the industry: The Centre believes that the stock base is more attractive than the same business at the current stock price.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, multiplicity of issues, evaluation information, and risk profile.
Sold: Based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or relative rates of remuneration during the investment period of the file, we have a negative view of the stock. This view is based on the Centre’s assessment of its development prospects, financial statements: the Centre’s expectations, ratings, targets are still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock.
Comment: The dollar’s target price for a share is calculated over a 12-month investment period. There is no official 12-month target price for the Great China Exploration series, and the investment proposal is based on the analyst’s report, China: Cement, Seal Cement (600585/ch).
The contents of this report are taken from sources recognized by the company, but do not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report is not a sales offer or an invitation to purchase any certificate. All the comments and estimates in the report are based on the company's decision on a given date, and no change is to be notified. The report provides only general information, information contained in it or any opinion, and does not create any demand or inducement for a purchase certificate or other investment.
It is not intended to provide specific investment advice, nor does it take into account the specific financial situation and objectives of any person who may receive the present report. For any certificate, investment indicator, or investment strategy discussed or recommended in this report, the investor should consult on whether it is appropriate for itself. The content of this report is derived from reliable information, but does not make any statement or guarantee of accuracy, integrity, or correctness, either explicitly or implicitly.
Any person or company that is not a legal broker of a certificate or transaction, for the purpose of conducting a demonstration of a certificate or transaction within the jurisdiction. The dollar’s study reports that only the main investment legal person in the US has been sent to the United States (which, in accordance with Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Transactions Act of 1934 and its amendments, has been cleared by the US Securities Exchange Commission).
The study report was published in Taiwan by the Grand Certificate Investment Corporation Ltd. and in Hong Kong by the Grand Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. The Grand Certificate (Hong Kong) is a registerr approved by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Supervisory Board and authorized to perform regulated activities, including category 4 activities (advice on certificates).
Taiwan citizens who want to obtain details of any of the certificates contained in this report should contact Yuan Dalian Certificate Investment Limited by contacting Taiwan City, Taiwan City, in three parts of 104 Nanking Tong Road.
Hong Kong citizens wishing to obtain details of any of the certificates in this report should contact Yuan Dalian (Hong Kong) Limited by the following means:
China: Cement, conch cement (600585/ch)