High-profit, high-scoring red, highlighting the value attributes - conch cement (600585), 2017 annual reports, release of 2017 annual reports, revenue from operations for the year was 73,592 million yuan, up from the same period the previous year.
34.22 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amount to $15,855 million, up from the same period in the previous year
The sales volume was about 94 million tons, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period last year, and the sales volume for the same period was higher. Qiu Qiu, the major producer of sales in the fourth quarter, was driven by a combination of production restrictions and moderate demand at the mid-winter northern peak.
During the reporting period, conch cement achieved a net profit of 15,855 million yuan, an increase of 85.87 per cent over the previous period, with total profits at a record high. The year-round profit levels of tons have been rising steadily, from rising sales and rising cement prices. In 2017, conch cement combined costs $159.76.
Xu Hee-min increased by 20.77% over the previous year ' s year. The increase in costs was mainly due to the increase in the price of powered coal, taking into account the slow growth in the supply of powered coal, and the projected flat cost of company production in 2018.
With the company’s overall cash flow improving, it is expected that the conch will be split between 28 West and West Side in Beijing.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company that has no business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibilities.
Clients receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.