Seal cement (600585.sh) [United Nations Building Materials scoring] conch cement (600585); high growth scores, low debt undervalued
benefited from a sharp rise in cement prices, with tons of Māori growing by 35.49 billion tons a year-on-year, or 0.82% a year-on-year. Combined net sales of cement and clinker amounted to 295 million tons a year, an increase of 6.6 per cent a year, and average corporate revenues of cement and clinker amounted to $247.09 a year in 2017, at an average cost.
35.49 per cent. In addition, during the reporting period, the company earned $1.962 billion in investment earnings by holding shares in the four companies, New Power Finance, East Cement, Green Pine Construction, Western Cement. 63.98 per cent (+17.86pt). The increase in the company ' s Māori ratio was mainly due to supply-side reforms and environmental protection.
Cement prices have risen significantly as a result of production restrictions, and performance in the eastern, central and western regions has increased significantly, by about 40 per cent over the same period.
The performance of the Western region was particularly impressive, with major business revenues growing by 42.13 per cent, 45.71 per cent, and 33.86 per cent, respectively. Cement prices in both the East, South-Central and South-East China regions rose by a certain amount in the last quarter, and in the East China region by more than $500 per tonne, surpassing historical peaks.
The company, as a cement tap in the East China region, reached 35.63 per cent (+4.97 pct) in 2017. Financial indicators are good, superior to those of other companies in the industry.
Good quality of production: the net asset rate of return was 19.1 per cent, much higher than that of the peers. In addition, the cash flow of the company continued to improve, with a net cash flow of $17,363 million from operating activities, a year-on-year increase.
According to the data on capital investment, there is still a certain increase in 18 years over 17 years, while real estate investment is in the stock-filling phase, and we are relatively optimistic about 18 years of real estate investment, and as we move into the pro-poor phase, the demand for rural cement is expected to rise, and we think it's a general event to keep the overall demand level stable.
As a cement tap, it has been able to benefit from the restructuring of the industry, and the integration industry, such as mergers and acquisitions, is still vacant, and the company’s market share is expected to increase further. The company is also actively promoting overseas projects, and now phase II of the Pyre Point milling station in Indonesia has been successfully completed, with the North Su Sea conch, in Indonesia, and the Maad, in Cambodia.
The Gossip Girl Project has been completed, production is expected in 2018, construction of projects such as the Lao Xianbra State conch project is at its peak, pre-projects such as Volga conch, Lao Vientiane, Mandalay in Myanmar are progressing in an orderly manner, and long-term growth is expected as the overseas market opens.
The company, as the leader of the industry, is expected to achieve a further increase in the share of the city in the context of supply-side reforms and environmental protection, with a continuing increase in the share of the money and the firm’s strong peband.
Real estate industry, construction materials industry. New wealth in 2011, crystal ball number five, gold cow number five in 2012. Eight years of vendor research. Institute sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.