We think that conch cement, as a convenor, will benefit significantly from the rise in the cement industry.
q3 major business profits increased by 33% over the same period. Company q1, q2 and q3 achieved net return on their mothers, $2.15 billion, $4.56 billion and $3.09 billion, respectively, of which the first two quarters share of equity investment returns was no more than $480 million and $1.4 billion, representing more than 20% of net profits, while q3 had only return on investment.
For $50 million, the net profit is derived entirely from the main business, with returns of much better quality than in the previous two quarters. Moreover, q3 had an investment gain of $280 million in equity last year, and q3 had a 33 per cent increase in profits over the year, mainly from the rise in cement prices in the east and northwest of China.
q3 cash from operating activities flows up to $3.8 billion, while capital expenditure is less than $300 million, and cash flows continue to improve at the end of the third quarter.
The company received $2.9 billion in advance, the best level in history, an increase of $1.1 billion in ring comparison, and in order to use good cash, it purchased a large amount of property for three quarters, a significant increase from $800 million at the end of the second quarter to $2.9 billion, and future financial costs will continue to fall.
There is a possibility that the industry climate will continue to rise. Next year, demand is expected to be largely stable, and there will be less significant declines, especially in the main battle zone of conch cement, in the regions of China East and South China, where demand growth is more certain, and supply-side disturbances still exist, so we think.
In the fourth quarter and next year, there is a possibility of a further increase in the temperature of the cement industry, which is still far from the height of the landscape. In the first three quarters, the roa was 11.96%, or even 12.09% in the second quarter of the 14th quarter and 11th quarter of the second quarter.
About 10% of the Quarterly Operating Level. With three rounds of cement prices on the Chinese-East market in the last two months, the probability of a company performing four quarters is higher than expected.
Concorch cement qualified for portfolio investment consulting business