Girconium (600585), building materials, industry upscale, continued to benefit from the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company announced an increase in its annual performance in 2017, which is expected to result in a net return profit in 2017 and a high profile in 2017 in the cement industry, directly benefiting from the country’s supply side reforms. From an industry perspective, the high profile in the cement industry in 2017 benefits mainly from the supply side: (1) demand in 2017 is more stable than in 2016.
During the same period, the environmental inspector declined by 0.2%. (2) Normalization is a direct catalyst for the industry ' s high profile, and as the most important administrative tool for de-productivity in the cement industry, the environmental inspector is not only very strong, but also quite normal. (3) The cement industry has been recognized as the producer of faulty peaks, and the industry has become more self-regulatory, peaking in 2017.
The cement industry is expected to continue in 2018, with an optimal supply structure and a virtually flat demand level. According to the water spill, in the fourth quarter of 2017, the northern and eastern parts of the country were at their worst, with their best capacity, implementation, and water.
The mud price remained high in 2017. The price of cement, though similar to that of 2010, was short-term in terms of supply and demand, and environmental failure in 2017 was sustainable. In our view, in 2018, the climate of the cement industry was expected to continue for two main reasons, one.
The implementation of environmental failures is increasing, the market behaviour of cement companies is paying more attention to long-term benefits, and the range of environmental failures is widening, and there is room for further improvement in South-South, South-West, and North-West China.
On the other hand, in 2017, the region most benefiting from environmental errors was the East China region, where the company, as the largest clinker, cement producer in the East China region, fully enjoyed a full increase in regional prices, and in 2018 the company would continue to benefit from improvements in the basics of the industry. On the other hand, we look at the company’s active deployment abroad, and for the time being,
The company ' s domestic framework is largely structured, with overseas operations expanding to countries such as Indonesia, Myanmar, Cambodia, Russia, and as an international giant in the cement industry, the valuation hub should be moved up. $3.39, and the net return profit over the next three years will maintain a 28% compound growth rate, taking into account a comparative average estimate for the company.
Tail cement (600585); performance meets expectations, see risks: (3) offshore projects are not expanding as expected. Scenario 1: exposure to structural changes on the supply side, higher temperature in the cement industry in 2017-2019, cement industry
(b) Assumption 2: the basics of the cement industry have continued to improve, company tons of Māori have risen significantly, and the rates of Māori for cement and clinker have been mentioned separately, assuming 3: there has been no significant change in the company ' s three rates.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.