Conn Cement (600585.sh/0914.hk)
In 2017, overall downstream demand in the cement industry remained stable, with a national production of about 2.32 billion tons of cement, a slight decline of 0.2 per cent, benefiting from the positive impact of supply-side reforms, effective supply-side contraction, a substantial increase in product prices, and industry-wide high-growth cycles.
The supply is constrained by factors such as faulty peak production, short-term supply of and demand for cement products in the regions of China, China, China and South China, over-anticipated sharp rise in cement prices, continued increase in profitability in the cement industry, company leadership as industry leader, profit-making industry, up 80 per cent of net profit growth throughout the year, and maintenance of “buying”
Maintenance of a share and h share “buy-in” investment proposal. Group of products billions, yoy + 41%, net profit of $6.05 billion, yoy + 136%, q4 performance increases further
Increased to 40 per cent in a single quarter, a record high. Performance analysis: the company ' s year-on-year growth in 2017 was largely due to (1) the positive impact of the Cement industry, which benefited from supply-side reforms, the industry maintained a high-growth cycle, and the sales price of cement was the same as the price of cement.
A significant increase, with the combined Māori rate of corporate products rising by 2.6 percentage points to 35 per cent over the same period. (2) Public investment gains of $1.86 billion in corporate equity held by companies sold during the reporting period, and significant sales and capacity: downstream demand in the cement industry stabilized in 2017, compared to demand in the South region.
Well, there was a small increase in sales of corporate products and a larger increase in prices. In 2017, the company sold 295 million tons of cement clinkers, y0y+6.5 per cent; the average price of product tons sold was about $250, y0y+24 per cent; for Māori tons, the company ' s domestic and foreign expansion projects were carried out in an orderly manner during the reporting period, with a total of eight cement mills in the country.
The company had 246 million tons of clinker production and 335 million tons of cement production as of the reporting period, which will continue to be positive and provide strong support for the demand in the cement market, along with supply-side changes, which will continue to deepen, with the effects of measures such as the imposition of faulty production limits and environmental protection, and the expected impact of the cement industry.
Market concentration will continue to be maintained, and companies will grow steadily, as industry leads, with more certainty for future steady growth. We expect the company’s net profits in 2018 and 2019 to be based on expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.