With the advantage of size, both inside and outside, all the way to conch cement, it's starting a new journey.
Tail cement (600585) 2017 financial statements \triangleright sales of 295 million tons, an increase of 6.6 per cent in the same year, combined prices of cement clinkers of 258 yuan, a 27.6 per cent increase in the same year, significantly increased product prices.
Sub-products show that the prices of 42.5 class cement, 32.5 class cement, clinker, bone material, and stone operations are very high. The company’s growing advantages in overseas sales + production line layout show an 81.9% increase in overseas revenues over the same period. The price increases raise the Māori rate and lower the time rate.
\triangleright costs are controlled, operating income increases are significantly higher than operating costs, and profits are growing steadily. Mineral resource management improves the supply and demand of the bone market, and bone and stone Maori rates rise by 17.86 percentage points to 63.98 percentage points.
The growth in Eastern wealth and wisdom has fallen by 2.48 percentage points to 9.84 per cent. The company's investment gains of $1.86 billion by cutting back on green and light cement have been attributed to strong size and market control. Supply-side reforms have been effective in phasing out poor productive capacity, and environmental inspectors have curbed excess supply from stringent and faulty production.
\triangleright The supply and demand of the cement market are increasingly balanced. Industry merger restructuring is steadily increasing the concentration of the cement market, which allows businesses to have a greater say in the market.
Market bargaining, higher prices guarantee maximization of profit growth. Domestic acquisitions are taking place abroad, opening up opportunities for development. Companies use the industry environment to speed up mergers at home and build eight \trianglerights.
Cement is grinding, and has been successfully put into production. National development opportunities along the “one-way” route are actively explored overseas, with phase two of the Peacock milling station in Indonesia, the North Su conch in Indonesia, and the Battambang conch main project in Cambodia, which is expected to be operational in 2018.
\triangleright corresponds to nine times, eight times, and seven times, respectively, a favourable industry environment that allows companies to start new developments through domestic acquisitions and the expansion of foreign markets, taking into account the strong corporate size, regulatory and risk-resilient capabilities.
\triangleright, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Figure 1: Changes in the Maori rate of conch cement
Figure 2: Change in the ratio of conch cement assets to liabilities Figure 4: Single-quarter operating income of conch cement Figure 3: Change in single-quarter net asset rate of return of conch cement
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity. Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics. Entered the securities industry in 2008. Years of industrial research experience.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.