The Smart Manufacturing and New Materials Research Center has improved its year-round performance forecast, q4 has outperformed its expectations.
q4 q4 q4 with a sharp increase in performance: the company's 17-year upward forecast of performance increased by 20 percentage points from the three-quarterly forecast of a 50-70 per cent increase in net profit for the mother, mainly due to the fact that q4 achieved a full price of tons. At the same time, it benefited from the implementation of the 17-year northern winter hot season stifling production, which was the main company.
1. High Performance Growth, Adequate Cash Flows, q4 Performances Still Flexible - Sea conch Cement Stocktaking, 42 per cent higher than average prices at the end of the third quarter, and 27.4 per cent more in the South-Central region than in the South-Central region.
2. `Step price rises, high performance growth - conch cement head, with the advantage of size and cost, to benefit fully from the industrial upswing.' 17q4 prices continue to grow, laying the 18-year spring high base: as supply-side reforms move forward,
3. " Industry warming, the rise of the poles, performance periods - Sea 17q4 - Cement prices are rising and industry average stocks are at historically low levels. We believe that the enforcement of 18 years of sewage permits and environmental taxes augurs well for environmental surveillance.
The company’s performance in the first half of 18 years is expected to continue at a high rate, as sheds are modified, multi-entity houses are built, real estate stock is replenished, and the high price base of the 18-year start-up spring is projected to continue to grow. The company’s overseas layout is steadily advancing, and the bone resource barrier highlights: the company’s internationalization process is steadily advancing.
The North Su conch, Laos, Cambodia, etc. projects are starting, and the power of the 13th Five Company overseas is expected to reach 50 million tons of cement, and the cement map is expanding further, while, as the country becomes more heavily regulated on illegal mining mountains, the company is working very rapidly on the attributes of the high-quality mineral resource barrier.
At a speed of about 30 million tons of osteoporium production, which is expected to reach 100 million tons by 2020, it is expected to become a new growth point for companies’ performance. Real estate and capital investments have fallen below expectations, demand has fallen sharply; supply-side reforms have fallen short of expectations and lag behind.
Slow exit of production capacity, poor supply and demand patterns; rising prices of coal, ore, etc., leading to cost increases. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average investment in the market