3rd quarter of 2018: 64,314 million operating revenue, an increase of 10.71 per cent over the previous three quarters;
The net return to the mother was 1,526 million, an increase of 742.7 per cent over the same period; the company q3 generated 22,777 million yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 6.21 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $539 million; the climate impact was a rise of 8.9 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2018.
One billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 8.63 per cent in the same year, was higher than the 6.9 per cent increase in electricity generated by the coal-fired industry.q3 quarter Māori rates have fallen, coal mine revenues have increased profit margins, and repairs have been narrower than in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the windfall effect of last July’s increase in the price of coal-fired poles.
The third quarter of the Department has seen an increase in the share of coal purchases on the market, the third quarter has seen an average price of 5,500 kilocalories of coal produced in the western part of the island, with an increase of 222% in investment returns from the same year. Three costs are generally stable, management and R & D/fiscal rates.
The company ' s average Internet connection cost was $405.53/megawatt hours in the previous three quarters, an increase of about 2.15 per cent in the same year. 40 per cent of the company ' s generators were located in Shandong Province. In September this year, the Shandong Price Authority issued a circular on lowering the average commercial and commercial electricity prices and related matters, which increased the current electricity price of coal-fired units in the province above the coal-fired pole price of $0.011.
And above, the price of electricity on the Internet has been reduced by $0.011/kwh; the price of electricity above the pole has fallen below $0.011 and has fallen to coal combustion; the annual price of coal power has continued to be high, and coal power companies are currently losing a lot, and we believe that the price of electricity on the Internet will continue to be reduced with less space and probability, and companies are expected to maintain a stable price on the Internet.
Nine times, the company pb has been located at the bottom of the market since it was listed, looking at the return of profits from falling power coal prices in the future, covering it for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
In 2012, the Head of the New Solvent, Environmental Protection and Public Utilities Programme graduated in 2010 with a Master ' s degree in Environmental Engineering from the South China Polytechnic University and a mid-level engineer who worked in the City of Shenzhen Monitoring and Management Board, the Guangdong Department of Environmental Protection, and a permanent research programme on environmental policies and markets.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party’s approval or influence.