A significant increase in performance in the first quarter was expected to provide a positive growth momentum throughout the year. According to preliminary estimates by the Corporate Treasury, the company expected to return to its motherhood in the first quarter of 2022, with a January-February net profit increase of about 50 per cent over the previous quarter, which could be seen as a further increase in the first quarter.
Profits are expected to increase mainly from the growth in nuclear power installed, the increase in power generation, the upturn in electricity prices and the introduction of new new sources of energy. According to the company, the high growth is mainly due to the increase in the number of electricity connected to the Internet in the current period compared to the same period in the previous year, the combined monthly increase in nuclear power generation, and the increase in new energy installed in 2021 by more than 3.6gw.
The cost of nuclear power from Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, etc. was higher than in the same year. On 3rd of February, when the grid was successfully connected, and after 19th of February, when Fuku Qing became fully functional, the second unit of the project completed a 168-hour full-power test on 25 March, it was prepared for commercial transport.
The income generated and associated costs incurred by the group after networking are accounted for in the current period, especially after full power runs, and are projected to contribute to the performance of the quarter and year-round. After delivery, the company’s holdings were increased to 25 nuclear power units, from 22,549,000 kilowatts (kW) to 23,71 million kilowatts (kW).
Under the “double carbon” goal, nuclear power profitability will remain relatively high. The “double carbon” target is transformed into a green, complex, stable and energy-intensive combination of nuclear power.
Power can be maintained at high levels; nuclear power approvals have returned to normal, with robust medium- and long-term load growth; in addition, prices for three- and four-generation nuclear power projects with security advantages have the potential to decline, and the rate of return will continue to rise.
New energy also drives growth in performance and is space-rich. According to the company's 14th Five-Five, the company plans to maintain a high rate of growth in China's nuclear power (601985.sh) - 21 years, with a 30gw installed in 22 years and new energy holdings in 2025, about six times the new energy loader by 2020, driving the industry.
China Nuclear Power (601985.sh) - The price of the “double carbon” nuclear power supply has risen and the performance of new energy sources has grown. Future energy transfer from the company’s new energy platform is expected to complete the battle, providing sufficient cash flow from nuclear power according to current market estimates, and the company is expected to have less pressure and plenty of space to finance the development of new energy sources in the 14th century.
Power-intensive release performance, current and future escalation of nuclear power prices, increased utilization rates, new energy installed rates are expected to increase further, and performance growth in 2022 is expected to increase in recent years. Correspondingly, the company announcement, based on preliminary calculations by the company finance department, is expected to become part of the listed company ' s shares in the first quarter of 2022.
Net profits in East increased by $1,037 million to $1,226 million compared to the same period in the previous year (pre-repeated), compared with the same period in the previous year. The increase in profits is expected to be mainly due to the growth of nuclear power installed, increased power generation, higher prices and new energy inputs.The high growth, according to corporate disclosure, is mainly due to the increase in the number of grids in the current period as compared to the same period in the previous year, and the combined average cost of grids on the Internet is higher than in the previous year.
In the same period of the year, there was an increase in performance combined with the above factors. In 2021, Nuclear Power Group Bay 6 (1.11gw) and Fuku Qing 5 (1.16gw) were expected to be operational in February and June 2021, respectively, with an increase in nuclear power generation on an equal basis; In 2021, new energy loadings grew by more than 3.6gw, increasing the volume of new energy generation. In addition, they came from Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian.
The company achieved annual gross operating income of $62,367 million (+19.3 per cent); net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
On February 19th, as the second crew of the Hualong I pilot project, Fuking Nuclear Power 6 completed a continuous 168-hour test of full power on March 25, 2022, with commercial operating conditions. After the shipment, the company increased the number of nuclear power units to 25, and the capacity of the nuclear unit was increased from 2254.9 million kilowatts to 2371 thousand.
The revenue generated by the unit after networking and the associated costs are accounted for in the current period, especially after full power runs, and the projected contribution to the performance of the quarter and year-round. Figure 3: Company-controlled stock-loading structure (thousands of kilowatts)
Māori rates and net interest rates are expected to increase significantly. According to disclosure data, given that the power of the nuclear power plant is about 50% of the right to install the machine, we will compare the net profit/business income indicators to the net profit/income of the company in the first quarter of 2019-2021, and based on current and future nuclear power prices are expected to rise, using an increase in the number of hours, the rate of growth of the new power plant is expected to increase by one.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject