Emmett's going to buy Korea regen and launch an internationalization strategy.
On March 10th, 2025, Emmitt announced the acquisition of Korea's regen.
The company regenbiotech, Inc. in Daejeon has an 85% stake. Emerald International is planning to spend $5.7 billion in US$ 1 million and Hong Kong in the first place. Korean regen, a leading Korean medical and aesthetic company, was founded in April 2000 in Daejeon, Korea, mainly for medical supplies.
Research, production, and marketing of products such as materials, medical devices, and medicines are the first in Korea, and the third in the world to obtain a certificate of production of polyclimatic skin fillers. Regen’s products have been marketed in Korea, mainly: aesthefil and Powerfill.
The deal is a key initiative of the Emeralds to launch an internationalization strategy that will help companies further strengthen the market for medical injections.
The edge of the field is to give impetus to the continued growth of the company’s future performance. When the deal is completed, full synergy will be realized through the consolidation of research and development, production and marketing resources between the company and the Korean regen, which will help the company’s products move rapidly to the international market and upgrade them.
Product revenues from international markets; at the same time, Korea regen, as an internationalization platform for companies, will take full advantage of its experience in R & D, production, supply chain and management, helping companies to enrich product categories, reduce production costs and improve management efficiency.
The acquisition of Korea's regenbiotech as a leader in the field of injecting medicine upstream in the country helped to speed up the internationalization of the Emberian industry, consolidate technological and market resources on both sides, and further consolidate its leadership in the market for medical injection-filled products.
"Stable income growth and sustained progress in research and development capacity: A semi-annual report by A.M.I. (300896.sz) 2024 " 2024.08.27
The core products of regen, aesthefil and Powerfil, have been registered for approval in several countries and regions around the world, and their technological advantages and market channels will be internationalized by America.
In the second quarter of the year, productive capacity is expected to boost revenue and profits. Over the medium term, the acquisition is expected to create greater shareholder value for American-Americans, pushing them to upgrade from domestic medical poles to international medical giants.
The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views. When I predict the evolution of the variety of securities or make recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have been asked to do the same.
Lew, to the extent that he or she knows, his or her interests and those in the property have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended. I will not rate the risk rating in this report as r4. It will be used only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the requirements for appropriate management of investors in Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”).
The opinion and judgement of the day are published. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obliged to do so.