Corporate Review: The proposed acquisition of Korea regen, the strategy of internationalization accelerates development Events: The company's recent announcement that its controlling subsidiary, imitationallimited (hereinafter “Emergency International”), intends to purchase 85 per cent of Korea regen's equity. 1) Buyer: Love
USI is a fully owned subsidiary of the company, imeik (hk)limited, co-founded with aishengshourui (hk)limited, with 70 per cent of the shares held by the company.
(Millions of US dollars) of which US$ 133 million was spent by Ameri Hong Kong and US$ 57 million by Swe; (iii) purchase of 85 per cent of the shares of regenbiotech, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “target companies” and “regens in Korea”) which are expected to be finally held by the listed company after the acquisition is completed
In April of that year, it was the leading medical and aesthetic company in Korea. 1) The product has a strong edge: the two core products that are currently on the market are aesthefil (mainly for facial applications) and Powerfill.
(Main applications and body) the main ingredients are pdlla microscopes and sodium thiomethyl cellulose, products with high user-friendliness and safety characteristics, and their effectiveness is well recognized in the market; regen is the third country in Korea and the third in the world to obtain a certificate for polylectic skin filler products
Total stock/flow (millions of shares) companies. 2) Capability: Two factories were built in Korea, one of which was in Daejeon in 2001 and is currently operational; a second factory was built in the former state in 2024.
To meet the market demand for rapid growth in corporate products, the new plant has now been certified by the Korea gmp and is expected to start production in 2025q2. 3) Channel: aesthefil has obtained registration approval from 34 countries and territories (approved by the China Drug Enforcement Authority in January 2424) and sold in China
(Sold) Powerfill received registration approval from 24 countries and territories and established extensive distribution < < < 2024q1 financial appraisals: performance against expectations, system with some pre-emptive advantage. 4) Financial performance: Korea Regen 23/24q1-
We're going to join forces to help internationalize the strategy. After this acquisition, both sides expect multiple pipe connections to grow during the research and development period. - Production and sales are expected to achieve synergies, with regen internationalized distribution systems, and American-friendly products.
It is hoped to move quickly to international markets, breaking domestic market dependence, and internationalizing. At the same time, the core product of regen < < < America ' s semi-annual performance forecast for 2023 is renewable, complementary to the company ' s existing product lines.
Performance growth is higher than expected, end-recovery + new products meet different consumer demand. Profit predictions and investment proposals: 24 years of continued expansion of medical and US market supply and a slight end-state climate
Under pressure, the company performed well as an upstream injection doctor. This acquisition was the first overseas acquisition since the company was listed, demonstrating the company’s ability to integrate global resources, and boosting the market’s confidence in the company’s post-replacement reserves, market expansion, and so on.
In the medium- to long-term, there are synergies in R & D, production, sales, etc., which give impetus to growth in corporate performance. We expect that the net return profits of the company in 2024-26 will be evaluated separately: the proposed acquisition of Korea regen, and the accelerated development of the internationalization strategy.
Company Review: Proposed acquisition of Regen, Korea, Internationalization Strategy for Accelerated Development Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.