On 21st of March, 2025: Emmett published its annual report for 2024. In 2024, the company collected 3,026 million yuan.
\triangleright net profit growth is robust and the Māori rate is low. \q4 alone, the company achieved $650 million, and \triangleright
1. Emeritus (300896.sz) Quarterly Review 2024: Continuous increase in profitability, abundance of product reserves - 2024
Emerald: Holding the acquisition of regenbiotech, reshaping competition through technological upgrading and global layout \triangleright 2.
On March 10th, 25th, the company announced that it was going to collect 24q2 net profit from A.M.I. at $190 million for 70% of its shareholdings, plus 8%, and that it was working on a stock reserve to buy 85% of Korea’s regenbiotech stock. The central point of the acquisition was that: 1) it was opened as an A.M.
Fulfillment 2024/08/22 Key initiative of the internationalization strategy. Helping to strengthen the Americian market for medical injection-filled products 24q1 net profit from mother-to-child ratio + 27%, an increase in line with expectations
Pre-optimal, giving impetus to the continued growth of the company’s future performance. 2) Pre-optimal market advantage. Regen’s core product is a renewable type of injection product, which has been registered and approved by 34 countries and territories, and has a broad distribution system in place, with a global market for this category growing faster and relatively few competitions in industry.
The net profit return in 023 was 47% on a year-on-year basis, and the performance was in line with the expected synergies and profit increases to increase the size of the asset. The R&D, production and marketing resources of the two sides will maximize the synergies that will help firms move quickly to international markets and raise their income from international markets.
5. Emeritus (300896.sz) event review: with Koreaje and this acquisition of regenbiotech will be included in the Emerica Consolidated Statement, which will help to increase the size of the company ' s assets and enhance its future profitability and core competitiveness.
Multi-tubelines are expected to continue and grow in the medium to long term. According to the announcement, medical modifiers with polyvinyl \triangleright gel microballs have been reduced to transparent sodium acid gels (upgraded to light medium vertebrae) in October 2024.
Approved and expected to contribute incrementally in follow-up; in addition, company pipeline reserves are abundant, of which 1) products from the clinical trial phase include: deoxycholic acid injection, second-generation implantation line, smigrupine injection fluid, reorganisation of transparent human acid enzyme injection fluid; 2) registered product for the declaration phase include sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl fibre gel for medical transparency,
Lidoca 'indine cream, injection of a type-a botox, Minodil chemist. Follow-up tubes are expected to support medium- and long-term growth, and watch the company as the leader of the country ' s medical community as a vast growth space.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.