Performance phase sexual pressure, cross-border M & As to open up the international layout 2024 Annual Report performance rating Emmett (stock code: 300896).
This is a slight increase, and there has been a marked decline in the higher growth hub than before, mainly as a result of the sector’s phased adjustment resulting from weak end-use demand and increased competition. In corporate core operations, income is realized for solution injection products □ chingpei_vj@chinastock.com.cn
The Office of the Attorney-General has issued a special programme of action to boost consumption, a series of policies to boost and reduce consumption, which may enhance the affordability and willingness of the population, as well as to boost consumer sentiment, while strengthening industry regulation policies or consolidating the market share of compliant medical leaders, and in the context of the pace of production of the company ' s core products, we believe that the company ' s performance is expected to pick up steadily.
The iii category of medical equipment products approved by the Directorate-General include six series of skin fillings based on sodium transparent acid, one skin filling based on polyroxic acid, one pppdo-face implant product, one for tissue restoration and healing products, and two for a single dose of sterile needles.
The three main areas of regenerative material, gel protein and heavyweight drugs include a type of botulinum toxin used to remove dynamic wrinkles, second-generation facial implants used for soft tissue upgrading, smigrupus injection for chronic weight management, and transparent injection of transparent acid enzymes for dissoluble and transparent subcutaneous acid injections.
Cross-border M&As have opened up the internationalized layout, and the system of regenerative medicine has been improved. On March 10, 2025, the company issued the Proclamation on the Acquisition of South Korea Regenbiotech, Inc. Holdings.
International acquisition of Korean regenbiotech, 85% equity. This time, for the first time, a company held offshore shares, the first company in Korea and the third in the world to obtain a certificate of registration for PEC skin filler products, aesthefil has been registered and approved by 34 countries/areas, and Powerhill has been acquired by 24 countries.
In our view, this merger will help to enrich the company’s matrix of regenerative medical and aesthetic products, on the one hand, and, on the other, hopefully, to help the company achieve a rapid expansion of the overseas market. Moreover, regen biotech, inc.’s new plant is now in operation (expected to start production at 2025q2) to take over the market.
The demand for fast-growing products may contribute a significant increase in the future performance of the company.
Investment proposal: The company is a leading medical firm in the country, with a robust growth of core products, and a steady push in the pipeline. 2. [Galaxy] Company apparel: Nuclear proposal, overseas acquisitions are expected to open up the internationalization landscape.
The growth of heart products continues to build future growth poles 3. [Galaxy] Company review: New, taking into account the elasticity of the company's performance expected to be released in the light of the expectation of a return to consumption, and the tightening of regulations to raise the number of compliant medical champions.
Quarter performance exceeded expectations, and sales below the line increased the speed of the ring.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence, and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.