The acquisition of Korean regen, regent medicine and internationalization of 13rd of 2025  The announcement by the company 2025/3/10 that it is going to pay $190 million through a new holding company, Amerika International
The dollar cash buys 85 per cent of the shares of Korea's regenbiotech, regenbiotech, a South Korean regent surgeon, of whom Americ, 70 per cent in Hong Kong, 30 per cent in Hong Kong, 59.5 per cent in Hong Kong after the transaction has been completed, and the buyer's intention is to buy the rest of it 18 months after the completion of the deal.
regen is a source company of aesthefill, leading in the technology of regenerative and aesthetic products. Korea regen is a leading Korean company of medical and aesthetic products, research and development, production and marketing of products related to primary medical materials, medical equipment and medicine, with the core products being aesthefil and others.
Powerfill, both pdlla microball regenerative injections, and beauty resistance by stimulating the human body's own gel protein to regenerate, is the first South Korean and third-world company to receive a batch of concentrated emulsifiable acid, and the product has landed on the market in 34 countries. In 2021, Jiang Soo-woo had acquired access to medical treatment.
In April 2024, aesthefil was officially placed on the market, and demand for end sales was strong. Regen’s business earnings and net profits, respectively, in 2023, led to the regenerating of technology and market resources in the field of medicine and the United States, opening up opportunities for synergetic growth.
Aesthefill, the core product of biotech, has renewable, high-security properties, and a wide distribution system that helps Empresa to build on the existing daytime, like a living angel, to build on the leading edge of the market for the inoculation of the American injection product, contributing to its high-end regenerative beauty market.
Performance gains: Regenbiotech, on the other hand, can take full advantage of the American-American experience in R & D, production, supply chains and management, helping products move rapidly to international markets and achieving product expansion and cost optimization.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Emmets is the lead of a national medical doctor, and since October 2024, the Department has improved the "modified transparent sodium acid for medical use with polyvinyl gel microballs" after the light and moderate glimmers.
The company buys Korean regen, regurgitates again in the field of regenerative beauty products and internationalization operations.
Breaking. Without considering the contribution of M & As, we maintain the company ' s 2024-2026 net return profit expectations.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.