We're buying Korean medical and beauty companies, strengthening renewable materials and internationalization, researching the company's quick reviews, looking for beauty care, medical beauty.
Investment rating: superior to market (maintenance) Company announcement: proposed acquisition of Korea ' s regenbiotech, Inc. 85 per cent equity at $190 million through 70 per cent A.M.I.
Upon completion of the acquisition, Emmett will hold 59.5% of Korea’s regenbiotech shares, which will be included in the consolidated statement. The country’s retailist view: Korea’s regenbiotech is mainly owned by 1) aesthehill regenerative material products, which will be used for facial fillings and will receive registration approval from 34 countries and territories, including the Chinese market.
In terms of market status, Korea’s regenbiotech was the first company in Korea and the third in the world to obtain a certificate of registration for polyclimatic skin filler products. In terms of performance, Korea’s regenbiotech revenue/net profit in 2023 was $81.9854 million/$501.514 million, respectively, in the three quarters of 2024.
In general, the acquisition: one of two products that further supplement the profile of the American-Americans in the field of regenerative materials, and the other one, the adoption of a global endorsement of South Korea’s two products is an important step in opening up the internationalization strategy.
According to the company announcement, Emmett, on the one hand, and Hong Kong, on the other hand, established Emmett International, with a total equity of 10,000 shares, with 70% of the company’s share capital. Through Empresa International, it is proposed to buy the Korea Regenbiotech, Inc. 85% of the equity if it is acquired, with $190 million in cash.
Complete, companies will eventually hold 59.5% of the shares of the company subject to the consolidated statements. Korea’s regenbiotech was established in 2000 and has been listed mainly for: aesthefil and powerfilll. The two products are mainly pdlla microballs and sodium methyl cellulose (regenerative materials), contributing to its becoming the first in Korea and the third in the world to acquire concentrated milk.
More specifically, aesthehill is used mainly for facial filling, and has been approved by 34 countries and territories, including the Chinese market. q1-q3 achieves an operating income of $199 million a year, and is expected to contribute mainly to the marketing of the company’s core medical-American product, Aesthefil.
Products, mainly for men’s private fillings, have been registered and approved in 24 countries and regions, with China’s market not included for the time being. The safety and effectiveness of both products have been fully recognized by the market since their listing.
Figure 2: Powerfill products Korea’s main performance of regenbiotech shows that in 2023 the income/net profit was less than $81.9854 million/$50.1514 million, and in the first three quarters of 2024 it showed a better performance of $72.2311 million/$295.003 million, respectively.
The new plant, which is now certified by the Korean gmp, is expected to start production in the second quarter of 2025, with further improvements in production performance, and this acquisition is expected: one is that two products that further supplement the profile of the American-Americans in the field of medical and aesthetic regenerative materials and strengthen the status of the global leader; the other is that the global endorsement of two Korean products is an important step in opening up the internationalization strategy. Considering that the deal still needs to be approved by the relevant authorities, we maintain the public record for the time being.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied the report in the past, now or in the future.