Gu Xiaojun intends to acquire 85% of Korea's regentbiotech shares to strengthen competitiveness abroad.
Regenbiotech, the leading medical and American company in Korea, was the first company in Korea and the third in the world to obtain a certificate for polyemulsifier skin filler products. In 2023, it collected approximately $82 million.
The net profit is about RMB 300 million; based on profit and equity ratios in 2023, the company is about 33 times more likely to make the offer, taking into account the business capacity and product profile of the target, and a more reasonable valuation of the transaction.
For facial applications) and powerfill (mainly for the body), the main components are pdlla microballs (with dual therapeutic effects for instant filling and gelatin growth, with fast and long duration) and sodium methyl cellulose, with high accessibility and safety characteristics; aesthefilm has now acquired 34 countries and territories.
In terms of production capacity, the target public product portfolio division has two factories, the second of which is expected to be operational in the second quarter of 2025, and after the deal has been concluded, it is expected that the company will be able to operate in the second quarter of the year.
Based on its experience in production management, the target company's internal efficiency is expected to increase and reduce the share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share.
With fewer competitions of the same kind and a certain pre-emptive advantage, it is expected that, after the conclusion of this transaction, the company ' s products will be synergized with the regenerative products of the public and that the company ' s products will be better configured. On the other hand, the company will be the main platform for companies abroad, and self-researching products will be easier to open up to international markets, increase international influence and increase international influence.
== sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.