Overall performance growth was robust, with extended M&As for enhanced product layout and international operations: beauty care / medical beauty / 2.2 per cent more than in the first quarter, with income falling by 7 per cent to 650 million yuan in four quarters, net profit and deductions from the mother.
The product line continues to be rich, with the external extension and acquisition of enhanced regenerative materials and international business layouts. Sub-products show a growth rate of about 5 per cent for both soluble and gel injection products in 2024, as a percentage of income, respectively.
In addition, the company’s latest acquisition in March of Korea’s regenbiotech, Korea’s regenbiotech, supplemented the layout of the US-based regeneratives industry and thus opened the way to internationalized sales. The increase in stocks of commodities at the end of the period, and the increase in raw materials as a result of the increase in the scope of the merger.
Investments suggest that there is still much room for improvement in the medium- and long-term penetration rate in the medical and American industries as a whole, and that the advantages of leading firms with regulatory trends will be further highlighted. Short-term companies actively rely on existing products.
The matrix, the growth channel occupancy rate, the medium- and long-term self-research + extension combination, the continued abundance of product pipelines, reserves, and the opening of internationalized operations provide a new increase in performance growth. Due to caution about the short-term exposure of health-care costs, and the acquisition of Korean businesses, we are still awaiting approval.
"America (300896.sz) - Acquisition of Korean Medical and American Enterprises, Enhancement of Regenerative Materials and Nation" "America (300896.sz) - Net Return to Mothers in the previous three quarters grew by 11.79%, with a continuing rating of "better than the big market".
Emmett (300896.sz) - The first half of the year saw a 16 per cent increase in net profit from motherhood, medical beauty, Emmett (300896.sz) - Quarterly net profit from motherhood increased by 27 per cent, and product matrix, Emmett (300896.sz) - Quarterly performance grew robustly and branding continued.
This represents an increase of 5.33 per cent and a net gain of $1,872 million for non-mortality, or 2.2 per cent for the same period. For the fourth quarter, income fell by 7 per cent to $650 million, while net profit for maternity fell by 15.47 per cent and net profit for non-mortality, 21.67 per cent, respectively, and was influenced by the pressure on the terminal consumption climate and higher factors on the base for the fourth quarter of 2023.
Figure 2: America's single season operating income and growth (billions, per cent) Figure 3: America's net profit and increase (billions, per cent) Figure 4: America's net profit and increase (billions, per cent)
Sub-products show that in 2024, both solution and gel injection products grew at about 5%, with income per capita progressing, meat products entering the review phase, smigrupne injections receiving clinical test batches, etc. In addition, the company’s latest acquisition in March of Korean regenbiotech, Korea’s regenbiotech, was supplemented by the company’s latest acquisition of Korean regenerative materials.
When the acquisition is completed, Emmett will hold 59.5% of Korea’s regenbiotech shares, which will be included in the consolidated statement. Korea’s regenbiotech was established in 2000 and has been marketed mainly for: aesthefil and powerhill.
The components are pdlla microballs and sodium methyl cellulose (regenerative material), which helped to become the first company in Korea and the third in the world to obtain a certificate for polylactic skin filler products. Specifically, aesthehill is mainly used for facial fillings and has been registered in 34 countries and territories.
Aesthefill is represented in the Chinese market by a subsidiary of Jiangsu Wu under the Chinese flag, and according to the Department's tri-quarterly report, Jiangsu Wu's Medical Science and Technology in China earned $199 million in operating income in 2024 q1-q3 and is expected to contribute mainly to the marketing of the company's medical and American core product, aesthefil.
The safety and effectiveness of the two products have been fully recognized by the market since they were listed. The net sexual cash flow of $1.927 billion is generally stable, maintaining a good cash flow position.
Investment proposals: There is still much room for increasing penetration in the medium- and long-term in the medical and US sector as a whole, and the advantages of leading firms will be further highlighted by the trend toward compliance. Short-term firms actively rely on the existing product matrix, with a high rate of outreach; medium- and long-term self-research + outreach, a sustained stock of product pipelines, and the opening of internationalization operations.
The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, with a reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis were based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author