Quantum drops affect q1 future materials warming with oil prices — satellite petrochemicals (002648.sz) Cao Xut
The sale of products such as acrylic esters, which coincided with the spring of the reporting period, usually went through a back-to-back phase, was affected by an outbreak and a major setback in oil prices, resulting in a decline in the sale of major products and a significant 87 per cent increase in the stock ring ratio.
The impact of the price drop was that the production of acid products was under pressure and dropped while processing fees rose, while stocks reached 1.7 billion, with a significant increase in the ring ratio of 780 million or 87 per cent, compared with 380 million in the same period in q1 last year. q2 increased by 20q1 propapropane when the price differential for the company ' s important products was narrowed during the reporting period.
Gm/t, Gm/t, Gm/t, Gm/t, Gm/tw/tw/tw, Pmbf/t, GmbH-609/t, GmbH-592, GmbH-2126/tn, GmbH-732/tn, GmbH514/tn, Gmb/tn Baaaa, Gmb-113/tn, GmbH220/tn.
Rapidly repaired, the price difference of propanepropylene +337 per ton, and the price difference of pulapropylene + 866 per ton. By the strength of apropylene, the price difference of the aapropylene chain dropped slightly, the price difference of aapropene — 75 per ton, the price difference of aaaa — 189 per ton. We believe that q2 is gradually recovering as the epidemic improves, the demand is recovering, and the price difference and sales are increasing.
The company is currently building 180,000 tons of acrylic acid, 300,000 tons of acrylic butate and 60,000 tons of sap, which is expected to be produced in the course of the year, and is currently the country's largest acrylic acid and ester.
Production enterprises, with which 640,000 tons of acrylic acid, 750,000 tons of acrylic ester production, are expected to be in the lead in the country, and where the company has a high capacity for monoline production, downstream acrylic acid enrichment will be concentrated in the company over the next two years, with a stronger status of acrylic acrylic head.
The ethylene ethylene ethylene project is advancing steadily. The company's large equipment for the ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
We expect the ethylene project to be commercialized in q2 in 2021, with a well-structured project covering the entire industry chain of “gas fields - pipelines, fluids, maritimes, chemicals” with an efficient synergy of determination and enforcement. Although oil prices are currently low, putting some pressure on the project from the end of the product and the end of the raw material, taking into account the decline in production of the Oec+
9.7 million barrels of future improvements in the global epidemic, resulting in increased demand, and a slow increase in oil prices. In the first, "Satellite petrochemicals: c3 voice-power enhancement," project C2 had a distinctly high elasticity, with its "high security margins plus high bombs"
“Satellite petrochemicals: performance meets expectations”, “Satellite petrochemicals' in-depth study: c3 sailing again”
Multiplies. Maintains the "buy-in" rating. Risks, projects are not as fast as expected, downstream needs are not as high as expected.
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xi'an, University of Tianjin, has served in China's Chemball Engineering Co. Ltd., 6 years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years of which have not been, are not or will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.