c3 speech empowerment c2 project is progressing steadily — satellite petrochemicals (002648.sz) newspaper 2019 with gross operating income of $10.8 billion, corresponding to +7.5 per cent, attributed to listed company shares
The net profit of the East is $1.27 billion, the same year +35.3%, Roe 13.8%, the same year +2 pct, and the performance of Cao Xute c3 is in line with my performance. The company produces 450,000 tonnes of pdh II and 150,000 tonnes of pp II per year.
Instead of starting production in the first half of 2019, the capacity of acrylic production has doubled, and production devices have been operating steadily, with sales of 157.6 Liu Shading. The price difference for Acrylic-propane in 19 years is $2668.
The price difference in the acrylic-propane chain is expected to continue to be repaired. The price difference for acrylic-propane was significantly narrowed in December 19-20 January 19–19 as a result of the heating season and shipping costs, and oil prices have fallen sharply in recent times, while propane prices have fallen and recovered to $300, with an average price difference of q1 less than $2,600. The price difference for acrylic-propene has recently been around $1,700.
The price differential for acrylic-propyl acids has recovered because of the fall in the price of alcohol, and the price gap for acrylic-propylene is $1900, up from a low of $1,000 in early March. The global epidemic has affected the demand for crude oil, which is expected to remain low with the spring and propane prices, while demand for acids such as the post-construction cycle is expected to gradually increase.
The main price difference of c3 is expected to continue to be repaired. Acrylic taps are well established. The company is currently building 180,000 tons of acrylic acid, 300,000 tons of acrylic ester, and 60,000 tons of sap, which is expected to become operational during the year, and is currently the largest producer of acrylic acid and esters in the country.
The project will have 640,000 tons of acrylic acid, 750,000 tons of acrylic ester production capacity, which will be the highest in the country, with a high capacity for monoline production, with a concentration of downstream acrylic acid enrichment over the next two years, and a steady progress on the acetylene ethylene acetylene project.
Ethylene project is expected to be commercialized in q2 in 2021, and the project is well-structured to cover the entire industry chain of “gas fields-pipes-routing-liquidation-maritime transport-chemicals” and to demonstrate its commitment and enforcement in an efficient and synergistic manner. We estimate that even under the more extreme scenario of less than $30, the net profit of the project is $600 million, which is more than the current business.
50% growth, with a high security margin. And the project is clearly high in the process of stabilizing oil prices.
In-depth study of the company: c3 again sailing risk, project progress is not as high as expected, downstream demand is not as high as expected
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xi'an, University of Tianjin, has served in China's Chemball Engineering Co. Ltd., 6 years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years of which have not been, are not or will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.