Short-term performance pressure, new products opening up growth space The company released its mid-2019 report, which generated business income of $10.29 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period;
The q2 achieved business income of $5.35 billion, an increase of 0.3 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $90.0 billion, a decrease of 31.1 per cent, a decline of 31.1 per cent, while domestic car sales were low, but the overseas market and floating glass contributed to a small increase in income, a sharp decline in the floating glass-rich rate in the short term.
As the volume of automobile sales recovers, it is expected that domestic revenues will return to growth, and companies will benefit from the renminbi’s downside, with profits expected to recover. Aluminium glitter products will significantly increase the value of their bicycles, opening up new opportunities for growth. The product structure continues to improve, and is expected to boost performance.
The overseas market boosted income growth, and the Māori rate declined in its performance. Domestic vehicle production fell by 15.8% in the first half of the year, with domestic revenue from car glass falling by $1.05 billion (-18.1%), but overall income from the sea grew by 2.0%. The Māori rate fell by 37.5% in the first half of the year, by 4.4 pt, mainly floating.
If the increase in the costs of packaging and staff remuneration were to result; the 7.5 per cent increase in administrative costs, mainly due to the increase in staff remuneration; the 5.8 per cent decrease in research and development costs, mainly due to the decrease in the cost of materials and depreciation; the $70.32 million increase in financial costs, mainly due to the increase in interest expenditure and the decrease in exchange rate earnings; and the four fees
The rate of consumption was 21.0%, an increase of 0.9 pct over the same period. The income growth was small, the Māori rate dropped significantly, with the first half falling by 1.3% and 8.7% respectively, and the net profit of the parent falling by 31.1%. As the volume of car sales recovers, domestic revenues are expected to recover steadily, and companies will benefit from the RMB exchange rate.
Aluminium glitters raise the value of bicycles significantly, and the prospects for development are promising. In February 2019, the company completed the acquisition of the German sam sam silicon assets, and sam is a global leader in technological capabilities in this field and possesses technology in three ways.
The euro, which is higher than the car glass, is expected to open up a new growth space for the company. The company’s car glass households cover mainstream domestic and foreign car companies, and the aluminum glimmers can support the company’s car glass integration product, and achieve good sales performance and development prospects.
Corporate insulation, sound insulation, Glossy Glass – performance meets expectations, overseas operations are profitable.
High-value-added products, such as modularization, accounted for 1.7 pct and product structure upgrades compared to the same period last year, with the hope that they would lead to an increase in average unit prices and a positive increase in corporate income and performance.
“Glass of Favour – Domestic and External Performance Growth Added Exchange Gains”, 1) Increased Trade Conflict between Central America and the United States; 2) Unexpected Sales of Vehicles; 3) Increased Cost of Raw Materials, etc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations