The adornment business influences short-term Māori rates and condones corporate overseas M&As strongly recommended (maintenance) that the company recently released its mid-2019 report. The company achieved business income of $10.28 billion in the first half of 2019, compared to the previous year.
In the context of the downturn in the domestic industry, the global layout has worked and the overall recovery has remained positive. In the first half of the year, domestic vehicle production declined by 13.7 per cent and vehicle production by 15.8 per cent, the company ' s operating income remained constant for the first half of the year.
According to the sub-market, domestic revenue fell by 18 per cent because domestic sales were synchronized with the car market, and prices were larger than in previous years. From the benefits of the foreign pre-winding, United States factories were able to climb up the slope, United States companies grew by 14 per cent, and German sam automobile apparel operations started in March and accounted for $500 million.
The external market structure has become more rational, with an increase in overseas revenue from 38.7 per cent in the same period last year to 48.3 per cent in the current year. The q2 Māori ratio has decreased slightly over the same period, with both factors contributing to net profit absorption. The company ' s q2 Māori ratio has reached a full-time impact, with a negative Māori ratio for car apps affecting the overall Māori ratio of 3.18 pp; and, secondly, Māori for floating out-of-law sales.
The rate is relatively low, affecting the overall Māori rate of 0.62 pp. The cost rate for the period 2019h1 was 20.3%, of which the cost of sales continued to increase the profitability of United States projects and there was room for future gains. American car glass plus floating glass continued to improve profitability, with RMB 148 million in the first half of the year, compared to RMB 127 million in the same period last year.
This represents a 16.4% increase, compared to $7 million worth of U.S. floating glass sales last year, less this year, and a significant increase in the profitability of U.S. projects. US projects have 3.9 million production plans this year, with 5.5 million remaining, buy German sam companies, promote deep industrial consolidation, German companies have short-term losses, and are expected to lose next year.
The company ' s merger-purchased sam company suffered a net loss of €8.1 million as a result of the fragmentation of the plant and its excessive cost, operating revenue of RM$507 million in March-June, operating losses of €17 million, and obtaining out-of-office revenue from the insurance company. Management expects the sam consolidation time to take one year, which is expected to become €8.1 million.
New bright spots. The company's M&A shop, despite short-term difficulties and challenges, drags on the corporate Maori ratio, but it creates complementarities with the company's existing business and enhances the company's long-term value and market value space, and we believe that capital markets should look at it with greater patience and tolerance.
Wide evidence Hengsheng - Automotive Industry - Fulfilled Glass (600660) Annual Report Review - The US project is currently under-integrated.
Growth engines, overseas acquisitions, wide evidence that Hengsheng - auto industry - Fulfilled Glass (600660) Quarterly Review - Globalized Companies, Sea