Q2 has high performance innovation - semi-annual review in 2025 - Aluminium cloud shares (000807.sz)
Events: Companies published semi-annual reports in 2025, where they achieved operating income of $29,078 million, 1.78 per cent in the first half of 2025; net profit of shareholders belonging to parent companies of $1,793 million, an increase of 32.33 per cent over the same period, an increase in the ring ratio benefiting from a fall in the price of aluminium oxide raw materials, an increase in the company's performance in the second quarter: public during the reporting period
The Division maintained high production and continued to operate well, achieving full-load production of electrolytic aluminium production lines. In the first half of 2025, the company produced 6697 million tons of aluminium oxide, a decrease of 7.37 per cent from the same year; 406.4 million tons of carbon products, an increase of 2.23 per cent from the same year; and 16.32 million tons of aluminium products, an increase from the same year.
Production costs have dropped markedly, single-ton profitability has increased, corporate overall Māori rates have increased by 8.14 percentage points to 18.10 per cent over the first quarter of the second quarter, driving companies to significantly increase their performance by 2025q2 and creating the best level of performance in the first quarter of the company ' s history.
Resource expansion and project development in an orderly manner and consolidation of the core competitive advantages of a green low-carbon: During the reporting period, companies were positioned in line with the goal of “building a green aluminium first-class business pole” to strengthen the green aluminium integrated industrial chain.
(b) Three electrolysis projects for the management of the depth of aluminium flue gas in the company Aluminium lubricant, Aluminium glucose and Aluminium blubber.
The metal thorium project was completed, and a new breakthrough was made in the field of new production; 3) the company's 30 million tons of aluminium alloy foundled production line was completed, with a 6% increase in the rate of production of the tank furnaces in the two production areas of aluminium.
As the largest green low-carbon aluminium supplier in the country, the share of clean energy in the electricity structure produced in the first half of 2025 was over 80%, carbon emissions were about 20% of coal-fired aluminium, and the market voice for green aluminium was further seized. In the broader context of the national "doubt-carbon" strategy, corporate brand values and economies of green aluminium were created.
It is hoped that the value will increase further. [Galactic] Industry Weekly – The Fed’s risk of rising interest rate cuts; 3) The company’s aluminium production is below the expected risk; and (4) The company’s new construction project is not proceeding as fast as possible.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.