Aluminium shares (000807.sz) reported semi-annually in 2025: H1's operating income in 2025.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn won, +15.40 per cent; net cash flows from operating activities amounted to 3,723 million yuan net cash flows of $1,983 million, +9.07 per cent.
With respect to the volume of electrolytic aluminium at a very high price, the production and sale volume of 2025h1 was 6697 million tons of aluminium oxide; the production of carbon products was 406.4 million tons, an increase of 2.23 per cent over the same period; and the production of aluminium products was 16.32 million tons.
In terms of prices, the national average price of aluminium grade a00 in 2025 was $20314 per ton, which is $533 per ton higher than the 2024 level of aluminum, an increase of 2.70 per cent. In 2025, the main product, i.e., electrolytic aluminium and aluminium-processing products, increased significantly.
1. Alumina shares (000807); Aluminium products whose volume price increases lead to higher profits, higher cost rates and higher corporate profits, mainly due to the volume of aluminium products
Three business blocks received 58.12 per cent/40.67 per 1.21 per cent; public aluminium, aluminium-processing products, other products, and three business blocks, respectively, accounted for a significant increase in performance forecast, mainly as a result of a return to productive capacity
Aluminium-processed blocks collect 11,827 million yuan, corresponding to +13.37 per cent, ring to 4.71 per cent, resource expansion and project construction in an orderly manner, and industry quality continues to be raised.
The exploration of the right to prospecting is actively pursued, along with the exploration of the right to prospecting in Mansan and crane Qing, from the exploration of the right to prospecting and the search for mines in the blank areas.
The project for the integrated use of 50,000 tons of aluminium resources in Zhanghai was successfully launched. The metal sulfon project was completed, and a new breakthrough was made in the layout of the new war industry. The 30 million tons of aluminium alloys were cast and the production line was completed.
Production, followed by a 6% increase in the rate of collection of post-corrost concentrates. Aluminium aluminum oxide, aluminum sources, platinum smart plant parts have been completed for trial operation, and aluminum seagulls and clouds. Aluminium spilling smart plant projects are proceeding in an orderly manner.
1) Risk of production restriction for electrolytic aluminium; 2) Risk of price decline for electrolytic aluminium; 3) Risk of significant cost escalation; 4) Downstream demand less than expected; 5) Risk of production restriction for Yunnan Company profit forecast (million yuan)
Presentation by the Colored Group of the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, with a six-year experience in new energy research.
I did not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.