Speed up the pvdf, watch the company's long-term development.
On the evening of 21 April, Giant Shares released their 2021 annual report, and in 2021 the company achieved a boom in the prices of its main business products and an over-expected increase in q4 performance: four quarters of the company ' s real shares showed relative depth of 300 indexes.
During the second half of the year, prices of company-owned products were generally significantly higher, influenced by downstream demand benefits, higher raw materials prices, and “double control” restrictions on production resulting from phase energy consumption, leading to tight market supply, with the largest increases in fluorinated raw materials, refrigerants, and fluoropolymer materials.
For example, the annual average price of fluorinated feedstocks, refrigerants, fluorinated polymers increased by 80.91 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as a result of short-term stock shortages of upstream raw materials, while companies were fully self-sufficient in raw materials methane chloride and partially satisfied production needs in the non-hydrofluorocarbon sector, in the primary product and in the current cycle.
In the process of increasing the price of its raw materials, the cost advantages of the company's high level of integration have become more pronounced, as the advantages of industrial chain integration have been highlighted, with four-quarters performance exceeding expectations.
Pvdf produces 3,500 tonnes/year, of which 1,000 tonnes of battery-grade capacity and 6,500 tonnes of pre-integral capacity are significant, refrigerant taps are expected to come into production in the first half of 2022, and companies cover the entire chain of pvdf, with no production costs.
The company plans to add a new 48kt/avdf technology expansion project and a new 23.5kt/apvdf project (phase I), with an additional 48kt/avdf technology expansion project to accompany an additional 80,000 tonnes/year.
r142b, Combine 10kt/ar143a; new output structure for project 23.5kt/apvdf pvdf17.5kt/a, emulsion method pvdf6kt/a, to ensure core technology and speed up the construction process and seize market opportunities, the company awarded the project works to the contractor consortium.
With the accelerated layout of the pvdf project, we believe that the company will be able to compete on the scale of the technical experience gained by borrowing from the pvdf business and the expansion of capacity.
Risk factors: high volatility in the prices of refrigerants and their raw materials; demand for refrigerants less than expected
Risk; pvdf is working at less than expected risk.