The price of the main product has risen steadily, keeping in mind the company's long-term development.
The prices of the main business products have risen steadily, and the epidemic has caused short-term disturbance of companies ' long-term profit elasticity: the company achieved a revenue of $4.608 billion in 2022, an increase of 28.07 per cent over the same period; according to the listed companies, the average prices of fluorinated industrial raw materials, refrigerants, fluoropolymer materials were different in the first quarter of 2022.
There is a certain decline in the peak, but overall growth is steady. In terms of sales, fluorinated feedstocks, fluorinated polymers q1 exported 7.1, 0.90 tons in 2022, a positive increase of 8.66 per cent, 10.17 per cent compared to 8.66 per cent, while refrigerants, fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemicals, etc.
Accelerating progress on pvdf, looking at the long-term growth of the company Good management has achieved zero infection and safe production of workers, but logistical disruptions have led to corporate production.
The cost of selling 2022q1, running costs, financial costs, the benefits of integration, future refrigerant taps, loss of impairment of 51.1 million assets, and the increase in costs are expected to be due to the increased impact of the epidemic.
In the long run, we believe that refrigerants have a marginal upward trend, adding the cost advantages of a highly integrated company, and looking forward to its future development. The cost of R & D has increased significantly, accelerating the layout of companies’ projects: companies attach great importance to R & D inputs.
With a 30% ring increase, a consistently high proportion of R & D investment is conducive to ensuring a competitive edge for companies in the industry, benefiting companies in the follow-up of projects such as pvdf, fluorine polymers, etc. There are a number of projects under construction, including 8.55kt/a suspended ptfe technology improvement project, 10.1kt/aptfe expansion
Project Capable, Project 7kt/a HFC Rubber Modification, Project 10kt/apvdf, Phase II, 48kt/avdf s027007001 Technical Conversion Extension Project, Project 5000t/year mega-core cooling fluid, 7.50t/year epoxy-propanes
Sun Si Jin and the 400kt/a chlor-methane enrichment project, among others, we believe that the scale of the company's experience with years of farming in the fluorinated industry and the expansion of its capacity will be followed by competition.
Risk factors: high volatility in the prices of refrigerants and their raw materials; lower demand for refrigerants than expected; less than expected risk in the production of pvdf in the build-up capacity; increased risk from the epidemic.