Larger shares (600160.sh) show a significant increase in performance in the reverse position, the build-up of the fluorinated industry giants, and the bottom of the cycle continue to grow in the opposite direction, with performance improving on a quarterly basis and on a continuous basis.
Basic Chemical & Chemical Products Annual Report 2021: In the face of the competitive disadvantages of the fluorinated industry market in core business, companies are still active in responding to market changes and achieving higher yields and higher yields.
In 2021, the company achieved 17,986 million yuan (+12.03 per cent of the year); it achieved a continuous improvement in the ring, and its profits grew at a much higher rate than its revenues. Of this, 2,021q4, the company achieved $5,363 million (+4.28 per cent of the year), resulting in a net profit of $851 million to the mother.
We hope that companies will take advantage of the opportunities offered by changes in industry patterns in the future. Cost-control capabilities are excellent, benefiting from higher product prices and sustained market spending.
The average price of silfluoride feedstocks, refrigerants, fluorine polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, etc., respectively, followed the growth momentum on the basis of a significant increase in production in the previous year, with a 52-week increase in the maximum/minimum price, respectively
At the same time, in terms of costs, firms organize their production operations carefully, extract efficiency gains, energy savings, opportunities purchases, better control the adverse effects of high operating costs resulting from the excessive price increases for raw materials, with less impact on the cost side of the company ' s raw materials.
Focus, we see that three generations of refrigerants are expected to recover. The company has a well-developed, industry-connected advantage, and still operates efficiently in reverse, leading the cycle recovery in the future.
Implementation. In addition to the active promotion of lithium power materials such as the pvdf project, mega-stocks have been successfully launched, with a large core cooling fluid dedicated to high-performance data centre equipment, filling the gap in high-performance data centre dedicated to cooling fluids in the country. The company's impregnated cooling fluid project plans 5,000 tons/
Each year, one of the 1,000 tonnes/year projects is in the construction phase. We see that companies will continue to expand the production of high-value-added fluorinated products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids, etc. to achieve high-quality development.
Large shares - 600160 - 2021 performance forecast: equal value of refrigerant business: Giant shares - 600160 - 2021 3-quarter review: q3 performance significantly increased, I. Investment proposal: “buy-in” rating maintained. In recent years, companies have pursued market opportunities and actively promoted fluorination.
Optimizing the structure of industrial products, increasing core competitiveness, and building up the status of a major fluorinated industry. We anticipate that " mega-stocks - 600160 - 2020: performance has been detected and the reverse has been achieved " mega-stocks - 600160-2019 and one quarter of 2020: companies " .
On the evening of 21 April 2022, the company published its Annual Report 2021: In 2021, the market for fluorinated chemicals in its core business was highly competitive, particularly third-generation HFC-hfcs subject to the Montreal Protocol in Kigali.
Against this backdrop, companies remain active in coping with market changes, generating gains and gains from increased production and sales, and developing with high-quality growth steadily, with a sharp increase in the negative performance: in 2021, companies achieved 17,986 million yuan in operating income.
8.86 million yuan, representing a decrease of 95.99 million yuan over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to non-operational losses resulting from government subsidies, which resulted in operating income of $5.363 billion (+4.28 per cent for the same year) and net return to the mother of $851 million (+1395.47 per cent for the same year).The reasons for the significant increase in performance in q4 in 2021 are, in our view, the following two points:
Taking full advantage of the advantages of industrial chain integration, effective control costs, the price of refrigerant products, the improvement of the pattern of the need, and the resonance of the fluorine industrial chain, the refrigerant price rebounded rapidly and dramatically from mid-August 2021 and fell gradually to date when it peaked in early November 2021.
2021q4, refrigerant prices are high. In volume prices, 2021q4, the company ' s refrigerant business volume was well up, the refrigerant business income ring increased significantly over 202103, the growth in the main business income increased the profitability of the main business; and the pvdf industry had a higher profile and there was a marked increase in the sale price of company fluorinated polymers.
In terms of costs, the company carefully organizes its production operations, extracts efficiency gains, energy savings, opportunities purchases, and controls the adverse effects of excessive price increases for raw materials, resulting in significant increases in operating costs, with less impact on the cost side of the company ' s raw materials. Overall, the company ' s industrial chain is well integrated, with well-developed chlorinated production packages.
The system, in the context of a significant increase in raw materials, such as chlorinated substances, has benefited more fully from the benefits of a significant increase in the price of chlorinated and refrigerant products through its own support (increased in-house use), and the fluorinated polymers (e.g. pvdf), fluorinated fine chemicals, etc., have seen a significant increase in the atmosphere of the industry.
Over the past year, driven by rapidly growing demand for downstream lithium electricity, photovoltaics, etc., pvdf and its raw material r142b should be heavily strained, demand-and-demanded, and product prices have risen significantly, reaching high levels and operating steadily in December 2021. The company has a full capacity of 3,500 tonnes/year coatings + photovolt levels + lithium level pvdf.
In business, we see that the company will be able to take full advantage of and benefit from the opportunities created by changes in industry patterns, focusing on high-quality development around “greening development, digital reform, and a new start-up.”
At this point, we are looking at the fluorine: the prices of the company's main raw materials are higher than they are overall. Among them are: the price of electrostones, tetrachloroethane, vcm, benzene, smoke-free purchases; and (2) the price of products sold: corporate fluorinated materials, refrigerants, fluorine polymers, fluorine.
Weaver production, operating at a higher level of production and leading to a sustained increase in production and sales of products, and operating income.For the entire year 2021, corporate production of fluorinated raw materials, refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated polymers 1.69 per cent, and 17.57 per cent, of which: third-generation HFC refrigerants (hfcs) produced 287,000 tons and fluorinated polymers produced.
3.88 million tons, following the growth momentum of the previous year ' s significant growth base, with an increase of 2.61 per cent and 31.52 per cent, respectively, respectively, and 214,000 tons of HFC refrigerants and 35,000 tons of HFC polymers, respectively, with an increase of 3.23 per cent and 27.98 per cent, respectively, ensuring company market leader status for HFC refrigerants and HFC market ownership.
From an operational point of view, the company has managed to optimize its product structure in the context of a bad cyclical climate, with hfcs, fluorine polymers, petrochemicals, etc. growing faster. In the context of the fluorine industry, the company continues to expand its output in reverse through capacity-deeping, energy-saving emission reductions, drops, structural optimization, etc.
Figure 3: A steady increase in outward sales of fluoropolymer products, with a significant increase in the average price of 2021q4 polymers Refrigerants: third generation refrigerant climate pressure, 2020-2021, waiting for three generations of refrigerant reversion Price trends of three generations of refrigerant: 2020, quota competition caused by the new crown pneumonia and the Kigali amendments
The three-generation refrigerant market continued to weaken at the end of 2019, with prices falling across all products. In the first half of 2021, the primary excess capacity continued, with prices capped; r134a prices reached their historical lows in recent years.
The rest of the refrigerant prices were warming up, and as of 30 June 2021 the prices of methane chloride and ethane chloride, among others, had been rising steadily since the beginning of the year, and there had been a marked rebound in the prices of refrigerant products against the background of energy consumption, double-control and power restrictions, which had resulted in inadequate refrigerant start-up rates, while demand-side refrigerants had entered the traditional reserve season,
The price increase continued until early November 2021. Then, since November 2021, against the background of the gradual release of feedstock end supply, refrigerant prices, with the exception of r142b, began to rebound generally. In 2021, from the two major downstream refrigerants, air conditioning, according to the National Statistical Office, cumulative production of 21.8357,000 units in January-December increased by the same year.
9.4 per cent for automobiles; according to the China-China Air Association, in 2021 more than 26 million cars were produced and sold, putting an end to the three consecutive years of decline since 2018. Overall, there was a steady recovery in demand in the refrigerant sector in 2021, as a result of the strong recovery of the global economy from last year ' s low base.
Each year, China will reduce its HFC use by 80% from the 2020-22 baseline. This means that China will regulate Hfcs (HFCs)-related chemicals, including a 2024 freeze on production and consumption of hfcs.
A return to steady growth in tourism demand, with three generations of refrigerants expected to recover, figure 5: price and price differentials for r32 products, figure 4: price and price differentials for r22 products
Figure 6: Prices and price differentials for r134a products Figure 7: Prices and price differentials for r125 products Development of fluorinated polymers and other fluorinated chemicals, high-end extension of industrial chains
In 2021, mega-stocks actively implemented the 35,000 tonnes/year hydrocarbon refrigerant, 5000t/a massive core cooling fluid (1,000t/a) project to strengthen HFC-4 refrigerants, new low-carbon refrigerants, pvdc water.
Overall, in 2021, the Department completed an investment of $1.977 billion in fixed assets, initiated the implementation of the 30,000/year pvdf phase, the giant core cooling liquids project, the high-performance fluorine materials project, accelerated implementation of the 10,000/year pvdf II (b) project, and accelerated implementation of the 10,000/year pvdf II project.
Technology R & D is industrialized. At present, companies are the only ones in the country with a one- to four-generation series of fluorinated refrigerants, with fluorinated refrigerants at the top of the world; in the last three years, fluorinated polymers have made technological breakthroughs that have led to a quantitative upscaling and further enrichment and improvement in product structure, and have achieved tfe resins, pfa, etc.
Industrialization of new products such as suspended polyfluoroethylene (lithium cell glue).pvdf project planning, December 3, 2021, company announcement of fixed-asset investment project: new 48kt/avdf technical extension project for company-affiliated substations, new 30kt/apvdf technical modifications
A new 23.5 kt/apvdf project (phase I) was added, with a total investment of 979 million yuan and the completion of production in the fourth quarter of 6.93.
On April 14, 2022, the Centre agreed to resume the listing of the China-Middle-Multi-Pulse. Moreover, it is a matter of concern that the use of cooling fluid products in the data center of the mega-stock is in the process of being industrialized.
“Liquid cooling” means the cooling of the demand for the radiation of equipment, such as servers, using liquids with a high thermal appearance as an input for heat transfer. It is divided into liquid cold and direct contact liquids, mainly of indirect contact type, pure water, mineral oil, fluorine, which are commonly used cooling fluids.
Data centres, margin computing, artificial intelligence technology. With cloud computing, the innovation of big data, especially artificial intelligence technology, which takes on a large number of data-counting and storage data centres, there is a need to be more efficient in meeting business development needs. In solving the evaporation problems of high-heat density data centres, there is a tradition of liquid cooling.
The data centre's air-conditioning system is no better than intended, and energy consumption is lower. With the extension and development of the leachate cold data centre, the market space for the special fluorine cooling fluid will be opened and it will gradually grow into a mature product.
The large core cooling fluids fill the gap in the country's high-performance data centre with the main performance indicators that match foreign monopoly products. The company's impregnated cooling fluids project plans to produce 5,000 tonnes/year, with one of the 1,000 tonnes/year projects in the construction phase.
Emission reduction, reduction, structural optimization, etc., further expansion of the production of high-value-added fluorinated industrial products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids, and high-quality development. Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Accompanied advantages and a healthy financial structure. The current three-generation refrigerant product price and price differentials are now in the bottom zone, and quota management is about to fall at the legislative level. As supply-side structural reforms deepen, the competitive patterns of the industry converge, and we see that three generations of refrigerant are on the way.
As the company continues to expand in reverse, we see a 30-40% market share in the three generations of refrigerant industry after 2022, and will lead the cyclical reversal as industry leaders. From the fluorine, fine chemicals, and fluorine materials industries, as the living standards of our people improve and strategic emerging industries continue to grow.
Rapidly growing, fluorine products are growing with their unique properties, applications and market space, and demand is growing steadily. In terms of the company’s own internal efficiency, the company is constantly increasing the development of advanced fluorochlorinated chemical materials, high-end extension of the industry chain, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, and continued excellence in the industrial structure and product structure.
At this point, we see that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.