Trio Group: The main business is growing steadily, and the six-ceramic version of Mi will be re-heated!
Incidents: (1) Three Rings issued their annual report for 2016: the company achieved a business income of 2,888 million yuan in 2016, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year; the net shareholdings of listed companies were realized (3) and millet6 was released today in Beijing, containing high-end ceramics at a cost of $2999
The company’s performance has increased steadily, and the industry has gained significant advantages. Looking back, in 2016, the tri-ring group achieved an operating income of 2,888 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
In terms of net interest rates, the company ' s net profit in 2016, the company ' s main business of fibre-optic ceramic core, after having voluntarily reduced the price to half the price in 2016, can still maintain high net interest rates for four main reasons:
1) Corporate technical advantages: after more than 40 years of technological accumulation in ceramics, the company is at a global lead in ceramic dry pressure, injection, dildo, folding, scalding, forming, etc., and has acquired new ceramic materials,
Technology for the preparation of key basic materials, such as electronic slurry, functional glass, nanopowder, etc. Market data (19 April 2017)2 Internal management advantages: companies continued to improve their internal management mechanisms in 2016.
A number of management measures have been put in place and office efficiency has been improved, and better staff incentives have been established to motivate employees to work. 3) Research and development advantages: companies currently have more than 600 R & D workers and companies live.
The company has developed well-developed incubators for its own production processes and upgrades in its production equipment. (4) Human resource advantages: the company has strengthened the introduction and development of skilled personnel.
More than 300 new engineers have been hired, providing a strong source of talent for corporate development. In general, corporate advantage in technology, R & D, management, and personnel has given the Division a greater control than its peers at the highest cost, which is in the ceramic core industry.
Looking forward to 2017, in one quarter, although the core is facing a high base in the first quarter of last year, cellular ceramic backcaps and fingerprint recognition are two incremental operations, seepage.
Permeability continues to improve, pkg covers the bases, wires, porcelains, etc., and the trio group reports quick reviews: the new business surprises are all up from last year. We think the company is using its leadership in ceramic technology.
The first advantage and the ultimate cost-control capability within the company will be maintained in the future. Three rings: growth from high barriers + strong technology + table, electronic ceramics, oxidation exteriors and fuel.
Further progress was made on the matter of cooperation with Ying Ying, introducing tidal input and a huge battery opportunity of 20770407 and a joint announcement of $8.7 billion on February 14 by the Three Rings Group and the Long Ying precision group.
Three joint ventures have been set up to develop ceramic cellular back-up operations, and a recent announcement has been issued to sign a cooperation agreement to introduce the Tianmin and Begawan shareholders, with which all three joint ventures have invested in three joint ventures, as follows:
1) Long-term three-ring: the company's registered capital is RMB 30 million, the company's share is 65%, the tri-ring group holds 25%, 2) China technology: the company's registered capital is RMB 16 million, of which the tri-ring group holds 46%, and the three-ring group holds 46%, and we believe that this powerful team has shown that the two companies are in agreement on the future development of the mobile back-corrogate business.
The fact that the two new joint venture sponsors are senior managers or key staff members of the tri-ring group highlights the importance that the tri-ring group attaches to staff incentives in this collaboration, further stimulates staff participation and removes all market concerns about this collaboration.
Mi-6's cell phone was released, high-end ceramic version was launched, and at 14:00 p.m. Beijing time, Mi held a 6-mega launch in Beijing. In terms of configuration, Mi-6 carries the latest high-tone 835 processor, 5.15 inch 1080 pcd screen, with 4 gbram+64gb in place, with 6 gbram+128gb in high-end version.
In addition to this, the rice has released high-end ceramics at a price of $2999. The rice6 uses microcrystal ceramics that are second only to the hardness of the sapphire, so it feels thickly condensed, as if there were future elves. This tiles have been upgraded again, using the 3d ceramic process, and the four sides of the back caps have smooth designs.
We believe that the terminal manufacturers are now trying to make a difference in their own mobile phones, and that ceramic materials are the best option for cellular casings in terms of beauty, hardness, and future 5g communications requirements.
This year, it is expected to be the year when the back caps of ceramics are crossed, and the main reason why the back caps of cell phones are not used in large quantities is that they are relatively low, have long processing times, and that the three rings, together with the long, strong and powerful ones, can fundamentally solve these problems. And this year, in addition to Mi6, other home-grown cell phone manufacturers will probably use the back caps of ceramics on their flagship models, leading to the year 2017.
The company will benefit directly from being the year when the back caps of ceramics are crossed. In short, the release of the high-end ceramic version of the rice6 dissipates market concerns about the back top of ceramics, and considering that the current edition of ceramics is only 100 dollars more expensive than the glass version, the high-end version of ceramics is more competitive than the other versions, and the ceramic materials are more competitive than the other versions.
We appreciate the company’s vertical integration advantage in ceramic products, and its positive layout in the back of ceramic phones. The public company’s back of ceramic phones is not expected to grow as much as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board