It is expected that Mi-6 will sell back-loads of ceramics and semiconductor components, raising revenues by 189% to improve overall performance. In 2016, semiconductor components generated $605 million, a significant increase of 189.00%. The main reason is public.
The Division's fingerprint identification system is growing in the form of a functional pottery order blow-out, and the anchoring base has been withdrawn from the Japanese market for the benefit of the Japanese manufacturer, and market occupancy continues to increase. It is expected that the fingerprint identification and sealing base will remain in place for 17, 18 years.
The benefits of continued steady growth in the light communication sector and the increased recognition of corporate products by a wide range of users are, however, a significant increase in market shares and a growing position in the industry. A small drop in corporate revenue is expected to remain stable in 2017, as a result of an expansion of the market share of companies.
Three, it is expected that the rice 6 will be sold in large quantities, that the ceramic back caps will be invested in $8.7 billion in three rings in co-operation, that the three joint ventures will produce smart terminals and intelligence, that the products will be worn in ceramic exteriors and modules, and that the joint ventures will be able to build their annual capacity in 2017-18.
A total of 10 to 20 million units with a full capacity of 50 million units/per year. In combination with the strong feedback of Mimix on the market, it is expected that rice 6, which is expected to be marketed at the end of this month, will be sold in large quantities, thus driving the company’s back-loading of ceramics.
1. Ceramic backcaps are not as advanced as expected.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.