Triad Group: a steady quarterly growth, fast year round event: company reports in 2017.
In the first quarter of 2017, companies achieved operating income of 677 million yuan, an increase of 1.50 per cent in the same year;
34.36%, an increase of 0.61 pct over the same period. The company’s income and net profits have increased slightly in the first quarter, mainly as a result of the lower price of fibre optic cores compared to the same base as last year.
The company took the initiative to reduce prices from $1.1 a year to the end of last year, and finally, the annual fibre-optic core business will account for 44.35 per cent. In the first quarter of 2017, while the price of fibre-optic cores is now stable, it will be affected by the downward effect of the same price.
Revenues have increased only marginally. The company has seized the production technology of ceramic powder from fibre-optic cored raw materials and has achieved full vertical integration of production from raw materials to products, making it much more cost-controlled than other companies in the industry.
Looking forward to the year, the company is growing fast. This year, the fibre-optic core faces a high base of last quarter, looking at q2, q3 and q4, the mains import of ceramic envelopes instead of speed, the fuel cell order is good, the end of the wire and the china tablet have a better view than last year.
There was also an increase in the number of tiles added to the porcelain caps, which the company has been growing rapidly throughout the year, and this year will be the year when the porcelain caps will cross. On April 19, the porcelain 6 caps will be released and the porcelain caps will be upgraded again.
The following observations are made for the ceramic-enhanced version: (1) the difference between the price of the ceramic version and the glass version is only $100, which means that the cost of the back cap of the ceramic has been rapidly reduced and the penetration rate is expected to accelerate in the future. (2) The porcelain-enhanced version of the porcelain 6 is based on a four-store ceramic body, plus a warm, as in the past.
Qualitative, performance. (3) The porcelain version of porcelain 6 uses the thorium 835 processor, the porcelain version has already been tested on the porcelain version of porcelain 5, porcelain memix and porcelain 6, and the porcelain version of porcelain is superior to porcelain, except for porcelain.
Terminals such as apples have a strong interest in ceramics, and ceramic processors are also actively expanding their capacity to produce, the ecology of the industry is improving, and the industry is becoming more inventive. Three rings have mastered the core technologies of their own intellectual property, from material formulations, to formation, scalding, and fine-processing.
The core process for electronic ceramic products is material formulation, scalding, fineness.
Processing, of which powder formulations and scaldings are the most critical and value-added link. The tri-rings have the full-scale power of ceramics, but the process-oriented areas of powder formulations, formations, and scalding are particularly advanced and capture industrial heights.
Three Rings: The main industry is growing steadily, and the six-ceramic version of Mi will be followed by our view of the company's vertical integration advantage in ceramic products, which are not as advanced as expected in ceramic cell phones and back caps.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board