The Eastern U.S.C. Trio Group: a season of positive growth, ceramics and surprises.
(b) The incident: the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2017 and realized net profits of $22,48732,000, or $26,736,500, an increase of 0-10 per cent over the same period.
The company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2017 showed net profits of $235 million, a 5 per cent increase over the previous quarter, mainly due to fibre-optic plugging.
The price of the core is due to the impact of the high base level of the same period last year. The fibre-optic ceramic core, as the company's main business, which accounts for up to 60% of the revenue, voluntarily reduced the price of the company in 2016 from $1.1 to the end of last year, and finally remained at 0.45, at the unit price.
The decline is 60%. The company has achieved full vertical integration from raw materials to products as a result of the technology of producing ceramic powder from fibre-optic core-pluging raw materials, making it much more cost-controlled than the rest of the industry. Even under unit prices.
The company can still maintain a higher level of Maori, and competition with the industry began to close production lines due to cost pressures, allowing the tri-ring group ' s market share of ceramic cores to rise from 50% last year to more than 70% now, becoming the absolute leader of the industry, and in the future.
Overall, while the company’s fibre-optic core faced a high base in the first quarter of last year, with lower revenues, cellular ceramic backcaps and fingerprint recognition are two incremental industries, with continuous improvement in penetration rates.
The business climate has also improved over the previous year. We believe that the company's performance is not as high as market data (7 April 2017) by virtue of its leading position in ceramics and its very high cost-control capabilities within the company.
The company, which has mastered core technology and continued to increase penetration, has for many years focused on the development and production of advanced-technology ceramic products and has mastered the core of the system of ceramic powder preparation, formulation, burning, grinding, etc.
The technology, and the ability of the pollinator system to take over industrial heights, is also the key to the company’s scarcity, which is distinct from that of other structural ceramic manufacturers. The company is also active in expanding the range of its products from ceramics to a variety of new materials, including metal slurry.
In addition, the company also has the ability to manage and optimize the costs of vertically and vertically, and the tri-ring group has a full grasp of the formulation of the oxidized ceramic powder.
With the production process, the production cost of the powder is significantly lower than that of the competitor. At present, in addition to completing the complete replacement of the Japanese manufacturer with the fibre-optic core, the pkg wrapping component has begun to replace the foreign manufacturer, with the future import of the domestic electronic ceramic component.
The trend will be even more pronounced, and the market space will be huge. The pace of innovation in mobile terminals has increased in recent years, fingerprint recognition has become a smart hand, machine-marking, and ceramic appearances have been used on mobile phones, and companies have benefited significantly.
In addition, the company’s pkg porcelain base, fuel cell diaphragms, connectors, etc. will grow steadily.
To be driven by the demand side of the market, the company fingerprinting sheet operation in 2017 will make a significant contribution to the company ' s profits, while other business penetration rates will continue to rise and companies q2, q3 and q4 will perform better.
The year when the back caps of ceramics crossed, three rings long and strong combined, and now all the terminal manufacturers are trying to make a difference on their own phones, and ceramic materials are the best choice for cellular shell material, whether in beauty, hardness or future 5g communications.
In February of this year, the company announced the creation of three joint ventures to promote the use of mobile phones for the back-cap industry. The main reason why mobile ceramics are not yet used in large quantities is the relatively low rate of good products and the length of processing time.
Together, the two companies can solve the problem of good product rates on the basis of the tri-ring group’s leading edge in ceramic powder, on the basis of the accumulation of technology in the back-track cnc processing, and so on, so that the cost of back-cap production can be reduced fundamentally, the price of sales reduced, and the basis for large quantities of future production and use can be laid. This year, it is expected that domestic mobile phone manufacturers will be able to make a difference.
It would probably be using ceramic backcaps on its flag ship, making 2017 the year of a ceramic back cover, and the company would be straight, and we would look at the company’s vertical integration advantage in ceramic products, and the positive layout of the back caps in ceramic phones. The company’s backside caps are not expected to grow as much as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board