Non-ferrous and industrial metals profit of $5.369 billion, $11.15 per cent, ring ratio +48.81 per cent; cash flow from operating activities 24.45 million tons of mineral copper production (including 4.21 million tons of camoa equity), +24.36 per cent, ring
Core mineral cost: 2301 mineral gold unit operating costs of $200.03/g, compared to +15.72 per cent, an important year of growth, especially since the volume of mineral copper sales has reached a new level, the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s Kamoa-Kacula copper mine, the Serbian Pej copper gold mine and the three world-class copper deposits of the Tibetan dragon mine
In 2023-2025, the growth of the company was still to be expected, with the growth of lithium and molybdenum as new bright spots, with the company’s core mineral layout becoming even more diverse, apart from copper and gold. Lithium resources were laid off by dissidents.
The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2023; 20,000 tons per year from the first phase of the Lithium Salt Lake Project in Lago, Tibet.
The first phase of the mining project, 300,000 tonnes/year, has been completed and the second phase of the project, 5 million tonnes/year, is being actively launched. The semi-annual report of the mining industry (601899.sh) is being evaluated: the core performance indicators.
In summary, the amount of “one lake” resources controlled by the company has exceeded 10 million tonnes of lce, as envisaged in the semi-annual advance announcement for the mining of purple gold (601899.sh): the release of the core minerals; and the first quarter of 2022 for the mining of purple gold (601899.sh): the value of the core minerals.
Investment proposal: maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Process is accelerating, with a strategic expansion of the new energy materials industry, enabling energy transformation, core
Minerals have diversified their layout, medium- and long-term growth paths are clear, and they are expected to join the world’s top-notch international mining industry in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. A net return profit of $5.442 billion, i.e. $11.14 per cent, ring + 61.24 per cent, and a net non-return gain.
Mineral copper production of 24.45 million tonnes (including 4.21 million tonnes in Kamoa), corresponding to +24.36%, ring ratio + 5.44%; mineral zinc production of 10.5 million tonnes, corresponding to 2.94%, ring ratio + 1.84%. Core minerals cost: 2301 company mineral gold unit operating at a cost of $200.03/g, corresponding to the same cost
+15.72 per cent ring ratio - 8.77 per cent; average business cost per unit weighted for mineral copper is $21,640 per ton, or 0.64 percentage points less for ring ratio: if refined and processed products are removed, the Māori rate for minerals is 53.53 per cent, compared to figure 5: prices, costs, Māori (RM/g) for corporate mineral gold unit sales
Figure 6: Prices, cost, Māori ($/t) of company mineral copper unit sales, Figure 7: Cost split ($/t) of company mineral copper unit sales, Figure 8: Change in Māori ratio of company core mineral products
The core strategic orientations include: (a) globalization, project megaization, asset securitization; (b) focus on mining, resource preferences, and synergistic development; and (c) joint development, green low-carbon, and overall upgrading of the esg level by 2030.
In particular, the scale of mineral copper sales has risen to a new level, with the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, the Ser Via Pegy copper mine and the Tibetan dragon copper mine producing back and forth. In 2023-2025, the company ' s growth was still to be expected, except for copper and gold, where the growth of lithium and molybdenum became a new bright spot, the company ' s core.
The company ' s 2030 vision is that the mining plate will continue to function and the new energy material plate will become a new growth force; that the carbon peak will be achieved in 2029 on the basis of the continued expansion of the company ' s size, with a combined stock of resources controlled by the company, production of major products, sales revenues, size of assets, profits, etc.
Full implementation of an advanced global business management system and a sustainable development system for esg, which essentially results in global mining industry competitiveness and comparative competitive advantages, achieves the goal of a “green high-tech international mining group”.
Implementation of phase two of the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the expansion of the Rosebel gold mine in Suriname, which will form a mineral in general by 2025.
Work was largely completed in the end of the year, completed after the completion of the project and expected to produce 350,000 tons of copper per year.
And started phase two, with 10 tons of carbonic acid/annual capacity, with a total capacity of 12-15 million tons of lithium.
3rd phase of the Congolese Kamoa copper mine, 1nd and 2nd phase of the Tibetan Lago missaline Lake.
The project is planned to be built in the second quarter of 2023 and will be completed after the birth of the project, with the expected addition of 3-4 tons of mineral gold per year.
In October of that year, production was completed and the post-natal period was expected to reach 4-50 million tons/year of lithium hydroxide production capacity.
The expected yield rises to 620,000 tonnes of mineral copper/Hunanan hard-core lithium polymetal mine, which is expected to rise to the fourth largest copper in the world.
The marine gold mining project has been completed to pre-natal lithium acid production capacity.
• Implementation of the promotion of Chukalu-Pej from Serbia to the largest gold mine in China, Jan. 3q Lithium Salt Lake I and II in Argentina
After the completion of the project on the lower belts of copper gold and the Bor copper mining technology, it is expected that the Division will have an actual interest in the maritime gold mining.
Changed to the expansion project, with a total of 4-66 million tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production capacity in 2025 44% (with 20% interest in gold mining)
Mineral copper 300,000 tons/annual capacity is expected to be promoted to the second largest copper production in Europe.
Metabolic layout, medium- and long-term growth path clear, promising future participation in the global super-class international mining industry, maintaining the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; authors' past, present or future studies on it