• Restatement of the “buy-in” rating of China: China is recovering from the bottom of the power semiconductor cycle
We expect that China will grow in the second half of the year over the first half of the year, and that the Māori rate will remain stable and moderate.
Demand in the source area will recover from earlier lows, while the motor sector will continue to grow at a higher rate. Looking ahead, next year, we think that the driving force of China's micro-business will come mainly from three components: 1) mos products, including medium- and low-pressure products, which will continue to rise, 2) mos, gbt, tms, im, sic, and so on.
And so, we are optimistic that the company’s fundamentals will continue to improve next year. The three categories of mos, modular products, and poweric products will boost the company’s performance.
• Chongqing’s 12-inch production capacity is steadily climbing, Shenzhen’s 12-inch production is imminent, providing a basic face increase: 1) Chongqing’s 12-inch line: more than 20,000 monthly productions are currently full, and the company expects to reach the end of this year
The production capacity is expected to expand to 35,000 units per month. The 12-inch line mos product will be released and the product will be larger than the 12-inch line: it is planned to produce the main production power of the ic product, with a total capacity of 40,000 units per month. It is expected that it will be available by the end of this year and begin to climb next year, with initial plans to expand in about two years.
Total planned output. Some demand for the Shenzhen 12-inch line will come from substitute products from the original 8-inch bcd process, partly from self-owned products such as mcu, power management, etc. • Valuation: we use dcf valuations with a 2.1% risk-free rate, and assume that China is very weak
• Investment risk: downstream demand recovery and less than expected growth in consumption, industry, new energy, etc.; expansion of power semiconductor capacity, oversupply and increased competition in the industry; insufficient movement of mos prices and continued downswing of the igbt price; depreciation benefits from expansion of the company's capacity
Yu; high power devices are growing at a slower pace.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Group Information and other publicly available information of the Cards Group, which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) (Systems Trading) and the Fourth (Providing Comments on Securities) Group-Poo-Silver International Securities Company Ltd. (collectively “Poo-Silver International Securities”). All information is collected from persons considered to be unauthorized.
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters and shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any of the transactions covered in this report.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not make any investment, withdrawal or other financial decisions or actions based solely on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements, with multiple risks and uncertainties, in addition to statements of historical data.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described in this report or related companies, and may from time to time be bought or sold.