Continued high growth in performance, and the process of internationalization is to be expected - the annual report of Teg Pharmacy (300347) and the one-quarter review of 2019. On 26 April, the company released its annual report for 2018 and the first quarter of 2019, which was realized by the company in 2018.
Operating income of 2,301 million yuan, an increase of 36.37 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 472 million yuan, an increase of 56.86 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies; net profits of pharmaceutical organisms; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies;
Millions of yuan, an increase of 28.69 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 146 million yuan, an increase of 51.72 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in non-listed companies of 112 million yuan, a higher growth than in the previous year, a marked improvement in the ring ratio.
111.15 million yuan, an increase of 61.26 per cent in the same year, and 20.23 per cent in the ring. Performance continues to grow at a high rate, with a slight acceleration in the internationalization process, and will benefit from the dividends of China’s innovation medicine spill.
Continuing expansion, raising the ceiling, and, on the other hand, better serving out-of-country multi-centre clinics will benefit from the dividends of Chinese innovation. In 2018, companies disposed of available financial assets for sale for a total investment return of $116.14 million, the same amount.
The return on investment is fast-tracked. q1 companies earn $39.27 million in investment returns, a significant increase over the same period. From the point of view of the company’s available financial assets, there was a high increase in growth at the end of 2018 over the opening balance, the internationalization of the business was time-bound, facilitating the uplifting of the ceiling, and continued to maintain an “uptake” rating.
At 28 West Side Street, Beijing, Hengsheng Building, 1000 East Side Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-free trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business agreement with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.