I. The company's 2019h1 performance forecast, with a 50-70-per-cent increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis.
On 25 June 2019, Tiger Medicine issued a performance forecast of 209h1, with net profit of 328-372 million.
We believe that the growth of core corporate ownership is still high, with the Unit continuing at a high rate compared to the trend of depth 300 -- considering the contribution of business to corporate performance, we expect to be subject to domestic innovation.
The advancement of the clinical pilot project, the continued high growth trend of about 40 to 50 per cent in the operations, and other areas: Smo operations in the rapid release of productive capacity, the recovery of the Fonda pharmaceutical component, the integration of companies in Korea, and the increased profitability of the clinical operations have all contributed significantly to the growth of the industry.
To maintain our previous core logic on medical outsourcing: China's market dividend — which we have always emphasized in previous industry reports and in the report on the Thai medicine industry — is that China's market dividend is the core primary logic of the current domestic pharmaceutical outsourcing companies, under which companies are not flexible, and Thai medicine as a continuous beneficiary country.
Intra-innovated drug research and development strengthens the core targets of the context, with a clear period of elasticity in performance, and we maintain a sustained recommendation. Based on semi-annual performance forecasts that are faster than we had expected throughout the year, and because of the continuing high profile of domestic innovation drug research and development, corporate growth in aggregates, Fangdas, Smo, and large clinical operations is much more sustainable, owing to the fact that
1. Teg medicines (300347): Incentive program implementation,
Table 1: Summary of data projections for the company's financial statements
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, LL.B. in Pharmacy, University of Santán, and Master of Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019 as civil securities. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.