Le U Queen's Medicine (300347) Fonda Holdings completes ipo, capital helps accelerate the industrial layout.
On May 30, 2019, Fonda Holdings (01512.hk) was successfully placed in Hong Kong.
The Division distributed about 502 million shares globally, including about 201 million shares in Hong Kong, 40 per cent in international Fonda Medicines - Teg bioanalytics, key cmc maps, and both domestic and international markets.
After Fangda’s listing, the company held 51.45% of its shareholdings through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong Tag. Income continued to grow over the last three years, and profits were charged to listing fees and cocords (2018).
Deficiencies (deficit) affect profit growth at 10.6 per cent, excluding the above-mentioned factors from the estimated net profit of about $18 million.
Fonda is a frontagelabs major in the U.S. and carries out operations that include bioanalysis, drug metabolism and drug-degenerative dynamics: a domestic subject that reaches Shanghai and whose main business includes bioanalysis and bioanalysis.
The new signing alone is an important guarantee of the company’s future growth in its performance. Of the 466 clients, the vast majority are biotech pharmaceutical companies, including Jassen, the United States of America.
The company enjoys customer loyalty, increases in the number of customers over the past record, and increases in the earnings of the guest list, capital support to speed up the industrial layout. Fangda raises funds mainly for the expansion of domestic and foreign production technologies and extension services.
The Division’s operations include expanding the company’s safety and toxicology research services, United States and Chinese bioanalytical clothing, and United States cmc services. In the face of a boom in the innovative pharmaceutical industry, the Fangda Holdings business structure is favoured by capital.
In total, Hong Kong has received about 22,400 valid applications to subscribe to the $4,603 million Hong Kong share offerings, which is about 90.70 times more than the initial 50,192 million Hong Kong share offerings. In addition, the company has introduced three cornerstone investors who jointly subscribe to approximately $85 million worth of equity.
The US$ million and US$15 million equivalent shares provide a good indication of the future development of high-quality capital in the context of the rapid growth of the entire entrepreneurial chain. Profit forecasts and investment ratings:
Based on high growth in the industry and the corporate sector’s leading position, we expect the company’s business earnings for 2019-2021 to be as strong as domestic innovation drug research and development, the cro industry into the golden age of development, the company as the clinical leader of the cro business, the high growth of the portfolios, the high overall growth in performance is expected to continue, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Clinical trials are less advanced than expected, clinical trial resources are less than expected, investment returns are lower than expected.