· Quarterly reports predicting continued high growth in the main industry, maintaining recommended increases in the first and first quarter of 2019, and on the evening of 8 April 2019, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019.
40-60%, while disclosing non-recurrent gains and losses of $30-40 million, an increase of 12.2-49.6% over the same period, we estimate that the bulk of the profit-consolidated business maintained a high growth rate of about 60%. Assuming that the non-recurrent losses in 2019 benefited from the mid-point disclosed in the performance forecast ($35 million), then the deduction was not the result of a subsequent return.
Net profits have increased by 59% over the same period. According to company performance forecasts, “Clinical trials, statistical analysis, bioanalysis are showing a good growth trend”, we estimate that these operations have maintained a high profile of about 60% of the business performance, and we recommend a sustained focus on the business continuity and internationalization process.
According to our previous series of reports, we estimate a 40% profit contribution from several years of business in 2018, a continuous expansion of global clients: 2) the contribution of the steering of the Thai main clinical laboratory technical services. In this sense, global brand bargaining (as an offshore venture) for the business may be slightly higher than the Thai clinical business (received).
To benefit from the release of demand from the local clinical trial market. A quarter of high performance has been sustained, and we still have 50-60% of the same rate of growth in our estimated aggregate business; and, from Tag's main industry, we propose to keep an eye on the expansion of its internationalization process and to raise the price space for corporate profits and orders.
The return on investment, which is more sustainable in the medium term as a business with a certain leverage attribute, we believe that the return on investment is the dividend of a growing domestic innovation pharmaceutical industry, with companies working in tandem with the main industry, and better sharing of the benefits. The return on investment is expected to grow faster than in the main business since 2019 and become a reality in the company's business.
Business of a pole character, which guarantees the stability and resilience of the company’s performance, corresponds to 66 times thepe in 2018 (48 times the number in 2019), reference to comparable corporate valuations and corporate industry leadership, clinical trial resource constraints: the pace of recovery of traditional business: deteriorating competition.
1. Teg. Medicines (300347): Incentive Programs for Business and Internationalization Extensions 2. Teg. Medicines (300347).
Table 1: Recommended Logical Combination of Medicines Summary of Company Financial Statements Data Forecasts
Yuan Chungping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, joined in November 2017 with the author with the qualification or equivalent professional competence of the Securities Investment Consultancy Association of China to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the Compliance Channel. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence.