The company's port of entry is expected to accelerate the expansion of its operations.
On May 29, 2019, Fonda Holdings were officially approved by the Hong Kong Union, and the new 502 million regular shares (25% of the total stock) will be listed and traded on May 30 at Hong Kong Associated Stock Board. The total market value of each share issued is HK$3.20 and the total market value of the counterparty’s holdings is HK$6.4 billion.
II. Teg pharmaceutical performance elasticity operations, with a future focus on the improvement of the upstream and downstream industrial chain Valuation aspects: once Fonda Holdings are on the market, Teg Medicine will dilute its shareholdings from 68.60% to 51.45% and remain the actual controllers.
Ports are placed on the market, benefiting from the expected net profits of the Fonda Holdings 2019-2021. Performance: the key to continued performance in the short and medium term is in the Chinese sector. An in-depth report on the Fonda Holdings, " A subsidiary is on the market, benefiting from the upgrading of the quality of domestic generics " , was issued before us.
In China, we emphasize the Fangda Holdings as a bridgehead for the internationalization of the Tiger Medicines strategy, complemented by a high degree of complementarity with the Tag Medicines industry, which is an important elastic point of performance for the next 2-3 years. The Fangda Holdings has a combination of 30.7% growth in 2015-2018, mainly in bioanalysis, drug-degeneratives, and bets.
Views on the listing at Fonda Medical Port: 1) Important initiatives for internationalization: Fonda Medicines as the pharmaceutical claro of the trans-central American fabric, we believe that listing at the Hong Kong Exchange is conducive to the enhancement of the global brand of the Tag Medicines; 2) Helping to address the issue of corporate incentives and competition among subsidiary management: we think it's separate.
Listing, more advantageously, the issue of equity incentives for pharmaceutical management, taking into account the differences in the distribution of Fonda and Teg medicines, is conducive to resolving competition among peers. 3) Portside listing, with a limited margin of dilution of Teg's shareholdings, has less impact on the overall profitability of Teg medicines; and, in valuation, the market turnover and the Thai market rate of distribution.
The market rate of the gharma shares is roughly equal, taking into account the future growth and business layout of the Fonda Medicines, and we think that in the long run, the Fanta Holdings slashed the industrial path to the industry from imitation bioanalysis and be as entry point for the industry.
Up-and-down extension (acquisition of Concord layout assessment) to gradually refine its pre-clinical bioanalysis, dmpk, safety evaluation, and later clinical and commercial cmc as integrated medicine.
The cro/cmo platform, which has the greatest potential to benefit from the industrial dividends of Chinese innovation drug research and development, continues its high growth and maintains a recommended cut-off rate of 49 times greater than in 2019 on 29th, taking into account comparable corporate valuations and corporate industry leadership.
Clinical trial resource constraints; slow recovery of traditional operations; deteriorating competition. Table 1: Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.