q1 performance continues to grow at a high rate, and equity incentives show confidence.
Jan Jom's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, expected to achieve a net return profit, 1.q1 performance continues to grow at a strong internal growth rate.
Based on the forecasted median level, the company ' s 2019q1 net profit from the parent increased by about 50 per cent over the year, except for recurrent gains and losses, which increased by about 57 per cent over the year, and its internal growth was strong and sustained high performance growth in 2018 (performance forecast).
The Division's 2019q1 high profile in the cro industry, thanks to intensive contract-based and continuously upgraded service capabilities, has sustained high growth in operations related to major clinical trials, statistical analysis of data management, bio-material analysis, and smo.
During the reporting period, companies launched a 2019 equity incentive scheme to attract and retain core talent, motivate staff, and help companies develop over the long term.
1 “Tegger Medicines (300347) Incident Review: pre-performance, projected net profit growth of more than 45 per cent in real terms in 2019, highlighting that corporate reporting is in line with expectations and that the trend of high growth throughout the year remains unchanged”
3. Convergence evaluation of the wave of innovation, high growth determination in the lead-line 2, tri-quarter review of Teg Medicine (300347) 2018: q3 one-quarter performance slightly fluctuated and year-round high growth trends were not positive
The cro industry has a very high profile, and the clinical pole benefits are evident. 1) Domestic medical innovation. 2018-10-30. Waves, globalization of new drug research and development, international multi-centre clinical trials provide innovative medications.
3 “Tegger Medicines (300347), mid-2018: Blue Sea Market, 2) Evaluations of domestic generics consistency are continuing, be operations are growing rapidly, performance is slightly higher than expected, and performance is high in the 2018 seasons”
4. Annual Report of Teg Medicine (300347): Performance instrument 4. Innovative service portal advantages, highly profitable professional investment companies have an accurate grasp of the port advantages and professional advantages of innovative services, innovative medicines, etc.
Equity investments continue to yield strong returns. Corporate equity investment projects are adequate and are expected to generate 2018 Eastern financial and intellectual booms.
The company is an absolute leader of the country's clinical collage, and can provide a full-phase (i-iv) clinical trial service (including be) and instrument clinical trial services, in the innovation of medical appliances, the advancement of the evaluation of generic drug consistency, and the progressive development of international multi-centre clinical trials.
While large markets are expected to be shared under the tide, the steady development of clinical trial advisory services, some pre-cro services and equity investment services will contribute to the improvement of the whole industry chain layout, provide a steady performance contribution, and maintain a “highly recommended” rating. The risk of changes in pharmaceutical innovation policy: the risk that drug consistency assessments will not progress as much as expected, the risk of cross-border M & As failure, etc.
Q1 performance continues to grow at a high level, and equity incentives show confidence.
Yang Raki, research assistant profile.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.