Incentive programme, promotion of internationalization of companies, evaluation of the Tag pharmaceutical track, restricted stock incentive programme, $13.87 million cost amortized in 2019.
On 6 June 2019, the Teg Medical Board and Supervisory Board considered the adoption of the Bill on Matters Related to the First Award of the Company ' s Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2019, which was awarded to 429 persons on 6 June. In addition, the company announced the progress of the Employee Holdings Scheme.
Restricted Stock Incentives + Staff Holding Scheme to help maintain core team stability and contribute to the internationalization process
Gertruton’s core technical staff, with a wide range of coverage. We believe that this stimulus, in conjunction with the ongoing staff-holding scheme, underscores the firm’s confidence in maintaining the stability of core business teams, such as large clinical, smo, digital, etc., and prevents steady growth in corporate performance over the next three to four years.
This stimulus has also been complemented by the recent listing of the Hong Kong stock of the Thai pharmaceutical company Fang Da, which has addressed the incentives of the company’s core team from different dimensions. Internationalization is an important aspect of clinical co-competitiveness, as described in our previous in-depth report on Thai medicine, Multi-profits Releases, Building Futures.
We believe that, through restrictive stock incentives + employee-holding schemes, companies will be able to move faster forward with internationalization and increase international competitiveness. In addition, the spread of restrictive stock incentives will be sold.
This is a low figure, with a smaller profit impact on Tag medicine as a whole. The round-up on 6th corresponds to 44 times the price in 2019.
Limited resources for clinical trials; slow recovery of traditional operations; deteriorating competition.
Table 1: Teg Medical Recommended Logical Combination Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,