Consultancy services are growing at a high rate, investment returns are increasing profits, Wong Schwig, revenues are growing steadily and returns on investments are increasing profits.
About 20 per cent of total profits, and in recent years the company has been actively involved in investing with the advantage of its cro platform Emerging pharmaceutical companies and medical-type funds, maintaining long-term returns on equity investments and continuously increasing profits by 2.37 per cent and 13.66 per cent, respectively, with management cost rates increasing by 1.4 pct, mainly due to reporting
During the reporting period, its subsidiary, Fangda, submitted a listing application in Hong Kong.Clinical counselling services grew rapidly, and the domestic R & D wave benefited from performance, according to a breakdown of the business block, in 2018, the company ' s clinical trial technical services earned revenue.
Of this amount, 918 million yuan was earned in i-iv clinical and registered operations, an increase of 43.67% over the same period in the previous year, maintaining a faster rate of increase. 1,195 million yuan was earned in clinical research-related advisory services, 319 million yuan was earned in science and statistics, an increase of 28.48% in the same year; and Smo (clinical research)
In the case of hospital on-site management, the operation achieved income of 206 million yuan, an increase of 57.21 per cent over the same period; in the case of medicine cmc, dmpk and toxicology, Fonda earned revenue of 481 million yuan, an increase of 43.43 per cent over the same period. Advisory services served as a high Māori business block with high income growth to enhance corporate performance.
In the light of the situation in different regions, which benefited from the rapid development of the country ' s innovative pharmaceutical industry and medical care, the country ' s regional revenues during the reporting period amounted to 1,234 million yuan, representing 54 per cent of the total revenues.
During the reporting period, new Eastern European affiliates were added to accelerate the implementation of the company’s global industrial profile, expanding Europe’s operations, and promising to drive domestic new medicines to global markets.
The company, as the leader of the Chinese pharmaceutical outsourcing industry, benefited from the global wave of new drug research and development, and its performance remained robust. During the reporting period, the company ' s new contracts amounted to 3,308 million yuan.
By 2018, the number of company employees had increased rapidly, and the experience of the company’s technical teams had grown. By the end of 2018, companies had been involved in the domestic clinical trials of innovative medicines for 166 projects (including 28).
In the reporting period, two aprocitans (problematic hypertension treatment drugs) were registered by the company as the first to be licensed through clinical trials.
NMDA Drug Review Centre Officer online: In addition, companies have successfully helped Rigyobi to complete the iii phase and part of the ii test of the first type 1 type C Hepatitis innovation drug. As a result, their technical teams with extensive R & D experience and their clients are gradually added.
Deeper strategic cooperation, companies will further strengthen their industry leadership and guarantee steady growth in performance. Risks of changes in industry regulatory policies; increased risks associated with competition in pharmaceutical R & D services; goodwill risk of impairment: exchange rate risk
Innovative domestic pharmaceutical finance, with further increases in future global pharmaceutical research and development investments, and companies, as domestic clinical cro-led companies, with their global-based cro platforms and extensive project experience, are expected to continue to benefit from fast-growing orders and stronger clients.
In addition, as companies are actively investing in investment funds in the pharmaceutical industry, benefiting from the growth of our new and innovative pharmaceutical industry, corporate equity investment is expected to be the driving force behind growth in performance.
I. For the first time, we give the company a “deficitly increased” rating. Wei Wong Schwig's research view. Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, associated with the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.