The scale effects of the Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) have continued to show, the second growth poles have increased rapidly, cloud computing, industrial Internet operations have performed brightly, and scale effects have continued to show.
The business generated $99,678 million, an increase of 21.07 per cent, with servers and storage equipment maintaining a global lead, launching a new generation of cloud computing infrastructure solutions, first two based on arms 1.
Construction of high-performance multi-nucleic cloud servers; industrial Internet revenues of $435 million, or 17.26 per cent, and construction of five world-class “lighthouse plants”, nine “green plants” and more than 10 “intellectual workers”.
Plants, cumulative services electronic manufacturing, automobiles, etc., with over 1,300 service providers; communications and mobile network equipment operations, with $12,45.39 million, or 10.49 per cent, wifi6/6e and 5g-related products, with a double-digit growth and a dynamic expansion of multimedia, video, and 5g vehicle networks in smart cabins
Related products such as modules; in terms of cost rates, the company sales/management/research and development costs of 22h1 fell by the same rate of 0.24 pp0.18 pp. 0.4 pp., and the impact of intelligent manufacturing has continued to be felt. Foreign investment has continued to increase the “second pole” faster, looking at the company’s future under the digital economy.
The company is now focusing on semiconductors, new energy cars, automation and robotics, making more diversified industrial investments around the industrial chain, downstream and in the ecosphere.
People, 22h1 long-term equity investment is $9 billion more than in the 21st year. idc projects that by 2023, the digital economy will have accounted for 62% of the global gdp, and companies have achieved full coverage of five broad categories of the digital economy, with major clients covering global head branders, the top three csp service providers in North America, and countries.
Intra-headcsp service providers and Internet application service providers are at the top of the world, and there is no expectation that vertically they will further consolidate their dominant position in supply chains, client resources, based on scale effects, horizontally, based on intelligent manufacturing and investment strategies to expand semiconductors, opening up the second growth curve.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment