Business performance is robust, cloud computing and industrial Internet growth are still high \triangleright, with two billion profits rising steadily in the first half of the year. 22h1 yields 225.260 billion yuan, same as the first half of the year.
\triangleright Ma Tianxing continues to be a global leader in cloud computing and corporate servers, storage, etc.; the solutionr
S010521100003 surface to launch a new generation of cloud computing infrastructure solutions, including modular servers, efficient operation (hpc) and advanced cooling solutions with data centres; company continues to push research and development results to the ground, first two based on arm
The research assistant is a high-performance, multi-nucleic cloud server that provides a powerful boost to global cloud service providers.
Communications and mobile network equipment: 22h1 generated $124,539 million, an increase of 10.49 per cent over the same period; benefits from the widening application of 5g, with the acceleration of the upgrade of wi-fi5 to wi-fi6 products, with a strong increase in smart homes and related products, with revenues from both wifi6/6e and 5g-related products realized
Double-digit growth, while companies are actively working with their clients to invest in the next generation of new products. With regard to smart cabins, the Division is actively developing such products as multimedia, video, and the 5g car network module, and is expected to expand the new market further.
Industrial Internet: 22h1 yields 435 million yuan, an increase of 17.26% over the same period.
On the other hand, for the fourth year in a row, the company has been selected for a two-way platform for the national industrial Internet, and has completed five world-class “lighthouses: negative growth, horizontal expansion leading to second-growth factories”, nine “green factories” and more than 10 “smart factories”. Clients, company services.
Targets cover electronic manufacturing, automobiles and parts and components, general housing, medical devices, metallurgical materials, chemical materials, investment proposals: looking at long-term company development, looking forward to a recovery in the cost of raw materials, and industrial \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.