The Luoyang industry (603993.sh) buys (first rating) multi-grade layouts, fast-growing international mining giants, fast-growing international mining giants.
The company has grown into a global top mining enterprise, dominated by the operations of tiles, copper, cobalt, phosphorus, and phosphorus, which are among the high-quality assets acquired from the Australian npm copper gold mine, the Brazilian fil phosphorus mine and the nml mine, and the Congolese tfm copper cobalt mine.
The top five producers of molybdenum and the largest producers of tungsten worldwide, the second largest producers of cobalt, thorium, and the world’s leading producers of copper, are also the second largest producers of phosphorus in Brazil.
In previous years, prices had remained low, inefficient and high-cost production capacity had been cut off, production had been reduced, environmental inspections had been tightened and regularized, and the supply of excess end-of-life capacity had gradually been cleared up. Domestic prices had also stabilized.
The unit cash production cost was $67700 per ton, and the unit cash production cost for tungsten was 20100 per ton, down to $54638 per ton in 2017 and $17896 per ton, respectively, with decreases of up to 24 per cent and the copper and cobalt operation low-bandping, respectively, with dividends from the new energy industry. In 2016, companies acquired the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The second copper-cobalt mine tfm shares 56%, followed by the purchase of an exclusive tfm 24% shareholding from bhr, achieved substantive control of tfm. It has 183 million tons of ore reserves, and has 2.6% and 0.31% of copper-cobalt, the largest and highest-grade copper and cobalt reserves worldwide.
One of the minerals. Benefiting from the high profile of the new energy sector, the price of cobalt rose rapidly after the company acquired, with copper and cobalt accounting for 58% of the company ' s total operating income in 2017, and the company ' s contribution was attributed to the parent ' s net profit of $1.923 billion, making it the largest major source of revenue in the future.
The industry continues to improve, and the copper-cobalt business will continue to contribute fully to the company’s profits. zhangshuai@gjzq.com.cn Political changes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have resulted in the risk that the company’s local projects will not be reached on schedule; new energy vehicles
The risks are lower than expected; weak macroeconomic growth leads to a decline in demand for cobalt. First, the company, as a rapidly rising international mining giant, is based in China, moving to a global level.
• The company’s state-owned mining company, which was fully owned by the company’s company, then received funding from the company when the industry fell into the lowlands in 2004. The company went to Hong Kong and Shanghai to market and the company, through its subsidiary Hong Kong International, increased its funding to the company’s company, which replaced the company’s company.
Since its inception, the company has been the leading producer in the country, focusing on the triads in Sasakawa. After a stock market in 2012, the company began to move out of the country, actively and actively.
Purchase of high-quality overseas projects, with a global distribution of resources. By the end of 2017, offshore assets accounted for more than 60 per cent of the company’s total assets, and operating income from offshore assets accounted for more than 80 per cent of the company’s total income.
▪ To date, the company has grown into the top global mining enterprise, dominated by the business of tiles, copper, cobalt, phosphorus, the world ' s top five producers of molybdenum and the largest producers of tungsten, the world ' s second largest producers of cobalt, thorium and the world ' s leading producers of copper, and the second largest producers of phosphorus in Brazil.
Reverse-cycle acquisitions, yielding sufficient returns — after frequent mergers and acquisitions of high-quality resources abroad, companies began to harvest seasons as global commodity prices recovered. Performance grew significantly in 2017, generating business income of $24,148 million a year.
This represents an increase of 247.47 per cent over the previous year, attributable to the net profit of the parent company of $2.7 billion, which is more diversified than the growth in the production line and the collection structure. In 2013, the company’s collection structure was dominated by domestic products, accounting for 66.42 per cent of the total, but with the company’s expansion abroad, the acquisition was gradual.
The high-quality assets of Australia ' s copper gold, Brazilian phosphorus, Congolese copper cobalt, etc., have been enriched and diversified, with a change in the collection structure and the Maori structure. In 2017, with a rapid rise in cobalt prices, the share of copper cobalt products reached 57.33%, making it the company ' s top source of revenue.
The Māori ratio for copper and cobalt products also exceeded 60 per cent, both of which benefited from a high Māori ratio.
Gold- and silver-related, copper- and gold-related.
2. Business II. Businesses: the foundation, the traditional advantage plate The molybdenum has the advantages of high strength, high melting point, corrosion resistance, milling, etc., and is widely used in modern industry. Over 80% of molybdenum is used to make alloys, stainless steel and other alloys, and so the price of molten is changing with the steel market
According to data released by the United States Geological Survey (usgs) in 2018, global molybdenum resources amount to about 17 million tons, nearly half of which are distributed in China (49%). Industry concentration needs to be raised. Domestic musk supply is concentrated in large primary molymines, with gold piles.
More than half of the country’s production of molymines and molybdenum from Luoyang, and from the yon molybdenum products is high. As a result of the low prices of molybdenum in the past few years, many small and medium-sized molten mines in the country have become unprofitable and have been cut off, increasing industrial concentration is becoming more pronounced.
Since 2016, domestic mirage companies, under the influence of China’s supply-side reforms, have stopped and reduced production at a time when high-cost production capacity has been subject to stringent and normal environmental inspections.
In 2017, the country’s macroeconomic performance was generally positive, the iron and steel business environment improved, stainless steel production continued to increase, and domestic prices of mussels were firmly established for the top five producers and the largest producers of tungsten in the world, with three world-class mines (1).
The Sasakawa Sanjia mine, which is currently in operation, is the largest primary symbiotic mine, part of the world ' s largest primary molybdenum mine, and the second largest white tungsten mine in China; and (2) the joint venture company Togawa Mine, which is owned by the Tokukawa Mine, is adjacent to the Sanjua mine.
Another very large-scale molten molten mine; (3) the company's controlling subsidiary owns mining rights in the eastern city of Xinjiang Hami's Molybdenum mine, which has been discovered in recent years as a very large, high-quality molten mine. Currently, the company has a stockpile of 52.2 million tons of molten metal, 32.07 million tons of tungsten metal, and in 2017 it achieved its production.
16717 tons and production of tungsten 11744 tons. tungsten is a more scarce strategic metal, with products consisting mainly of tungsten concentrate and ammonium stungate, tungsten oxide, etc., widely used in automobiles, machinery, mining, oil, construction materials, electronics, military, etc.
China, as the largest producer of tungsten, accounts for more than 80% of the global supply of tungsten. Tungsten supply and demand has improved and prices are stable.
The metal market has continued to experience low-level shocks. Market prices have once fallen below the cost line for tungsten-producing companies, causing some mining companies to stop production or control production, and the overall production capacity of the market has declined. Since 2017, increasingly environmental and safety checks have led to the closure of mines, the depletion of stockpiles of tungsten-mining downstream producers, and the supply of tungsten markets.
There is a need to get back into supply-deprived situations. At the same time, with the recovery of the overseas economy, a steady recovery in domestic tungsten exports and increased demand for hard alloys and tungsten chemical products from extractive, mechanical, construction, chemical and other industries, the price of tungsten is expected to be high.
In 2013, cash production in molybdenum units was 67,700 yuan per ton, and cash production costs in tungsten units were 20,100 yuan per ton; in 2017, they fell to 546,38 and 17,896 yuan per ton, respectively, representing a drop of 24 per cent and 12.3 per cent, respectively.
This significant decline is due to the importance that companies attach to technological innovation, such as the autonomous development of smart mining production lines, which not only effectively address the safety of operations in hazardous areas but also significantly reduce mining costs; and the implementation of the apt project for the tungsten sector, whose production processes are both national and international, with high recovery rates.
This low, combined recovery performance is characterized by a significant reduction in production costs through the recovery of by-products, such as molybdenum, and an increase in the price of tungsten plate sales.
▪ Substantive control over tfm was achieved in 2016, when companies acquired 56% of tfm shares in the territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo under the flag of the Freeport Group, and subsequently purchased 24% of the tfm equity from bhr. tfm is a company that covers copper, cobalt ore exploration, mining, refining, processing and marketing.
The integrated mining company, which owns one of the largest and highest-grade copper and cobalt deposits worldwide, is also the largest foreign investor in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with its rich copper and cobalt mineral resources, respectively.
437.5 million tons and 59.07 million tons, with a copper grade of 2.37 per cent and a cobalt grade of 0.32 per cent. The detected copper, cobalt and cobalt are the world ' s second largest copper cobalt mine. In 2017, production of copper and cobalt metal from the Tenke mine was 213843 tons and 16419 tons, respectively, with cobalt production being second only to the Mutanda mine under the Cardio flag.
In 2017, after a few months of company tfm equity transfers, cobalt prices began to rise, and the rapid growth in performance in 2017 was largely due to this project: in 2017, copper and cobalt operations became operational.
In the future, copper and cobalt will be the company’s core business. Chart 19: Cobalt prices have risen significantly.
iv. phosphorus operations: entry into Brazil, transvestite industry, phosphorus industry leader  in 2016, acquisition of 100 per cent of the shares of phosphorus (aanb), phosphorus (aafb) operations in Brazil under the British American Resources Group, and acquisition of the world ' s second largest thorium resources and currently Brazil ' s highest grade
High p2o5, the second largest producer of americium in the world and the second largest producer of phosphorus in Brazil, is used mainly in the form of iron and iron, one of the essential raw materials for high-quality steel. The use of iron is inextricably linked to the production of iron and steel in various countries, and the consumer market is now dominated.
Developed countries and emerging economies in Central Europe, North America, and Asia. ▪ According to data released by the United States Geological Survey (USGS), global reserves of thorium resources exceed 4.3 million tons and are more concentrated, with Brazil alone accounting for 95 per cent of the globally detected reserves of thorium resources.
Global supply of iron is mainly from Brazil and Canada, dominated by cbmm (Brazil Minerals Division), aanb, and Magrisresources, with very high market concentration. cbmm (Brazil Minerals) accounts for 80-85% of global production, and is absolutely dominated by industry.
Anb is the second largest iron producer in the world, with 9,000 tons of capacity per year. Given cbmm’s absolute dominance in the market, it has a strong influence on the price of silicon, and aanb and Magrisresources follow its pricing.
Prices have been stable, floating between $35 and $40 per kilogram. The main reasons why entropy prices can remain relatively stable are: cbmm markets are more controlled and control the progress of global production expansion schemes; and the use of americium can give iron to steel.
It can lead to significant improvements, making it one of the essential raw materials for high-quality steel; third, there are very few alternatives to thorium on the market: a small use of thorium in steel production makes it less expensive in steel production. The four reasons are lower price elasticity and relatively stable price for thorium demand.
In 2017, overall global demand for iron and steel rose by 5.3%, significantly higher than in recent years. Market demand for boar-containing steel (including applications in automobiles, construction); and oil and gas.
In 2017, Brazilian iron exports grew by 27% over the previous year, and aanb was the world’s second largest producer of iron, operating mainly from the mining of ore ore and from the production of iron. There are currently 110.29 million tons of ore reserves, and the mining life of the ore is about 26 years per year.
The production capacity was 9,000 tons. The production of thorium metal by aanb in 2017 was 8,674 tons, contributing to the company.
Brazil has the world’s largest potential arable land, one of the world’s leading producers and exporters of agricultural products, and the world’s fourth largest consumer of fertilizers and third largest consumer of phosphorus.
Brazil’s own phosphorus reserves are not abundant, and annual demand is much higher than domestic production, making the Brazilian phosphorus industry more resource-intensive upstream.  Brazil’s phosphorus industry has developed over a long period of time and has formed a movement dominated by large and well-known producers of phosphorus.
At present, there are six large enterprises in the phosphorus industry in Brazil, three of which are combinated phosphorus producers with the ability to produce and process phosphorus. Aafb is one of the only three integrated phosphorus producers in Brazil.
aafb, a mining company that covers the entire phosphorus chain and is currently the second largest producer of phosphorus fertilizer in Brazil, handles a total of nearly 6 million tons of ore annually. The Chapadão mine owned by aafb is currently Brazil's highest grade phosphorus mine, with 217 million tons of ore reserves and 12.21 per cent of grade reserves.
2.658 million tons, or at least 46 years of service in mines. In addition, two of the undeveloped deposits in aafb have enormous resource potential, namely, a project to develop higher-potential phosphorus in Brazil.
Very close, and with significant geographical advantages, the company became one of the lowest producers of production costs in the region. In 2017, the company achieved 1,152,554 tons of phosphorus, contributing 12 per cent of the company ' s business V. Copper: significant advantages, rebounding expectations.
The npm copper gold mine is Australia’s fourth largest active copper gold mine, with a total of 471 million tons of ores, a copper resource of 2.64 million tons and a storage of 71.67 million tons. Based on 80% equity, npm achieved marketable copper metal production of 34,913 tons in 2017, and sold gold production of 28,198 ounces.
The Npm mine, which uses advanced fragmentation techniques, increased its underground mining automation from 80 per cent to 100 per cent in 2015, for the first time in the mining industry. The cash cost of c1 in 2017 was $0.92 per pound, well below the industry ' s international average cost, and was more internationally competitive. However, due to the original grade of the mine,
The decline resulted in a year-by-year decline in production, coupled with low copper prices in 2015 and 2016, which led to a year-on-year decline in operating income and the Māori rate realized by the npm project, although Npm performance also improved as copper prices continued to rebound significantly in 2017.
Figure 28: Npm copper production drops each year Figure 29: Performance of the npm copper gold mine improved in 2017 VI. Participation in the establishment of a resource investment fund to sign the world ' s leading metal traders
In November 2017, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Loper, and Xinhua Capital International's fully-owned subsidiary, Neewchinacapitallegendlimited (nccl), launched the establishment of a $1 billion Nccl Natural Resources Investment Fund, from which Lomong's share as a limited partner.
The purpose of this fund is to build on the national mining strategy, in the context of the national “one-way” initiative, and to increase participation in investment mergers and acquisitions in natural resources and related areas such as upstream and downstream industrial chains.
Kim will further enhance the company's ability to access quality resource-type projects, helping the company to deploy its future global resources as an internationalized resource firm. In December 2017, the Fund signed with Louisdreyfuscompanyb.v. (“ldc”) The
▪ 100 per cent of Louisdreyfus companhymetalsb.v., which is contracted to be purchased by the Fund under the ldc flag for basic metals and precious metal raw materials and metal trading platforms, based on a judgement on the price of the company's main metals, we make the following assumption:
Profit forecast for main business pe method: as products such as tungsten, molybdenum, copper and cobalt are in a cycle of price increases ... Industry landscapes continue to grow  Rating: we have chosen the relevant shares in the cobalt and copper fields respectively as comparable companies, comparable
The company forecasted an average value of 25.42 times in 2018, which, according to the political changes in 2018 in the Luoyang industry, predicted the pss to be the Democratic Republic of the Congo, risks that local projects could not be reached on schedule. In the event of political instability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the development of local projects by the company and the supply of cobalt raw materials may be affected.
Cobalt 27 no longer hoards or resells the 3000 tons of cobalt stored, and the price of the cobalt will probably fall significantly.
The new energy car subsidy policy is significantly lower than expected. If the new energy car subsidy policy is significantly lower than expected, the growth rate of the new energy vehicle will be curtailed, and the triple material business will not be developed.
This is expected to discourage the growth of demand for cobalt, which in turn affects the price of cobalt. If the price of cobalt returns significantly, the level of profitability of companies in the industry will decline significantly, or even lose.
In addition to new energy vehicles, cobalt demand is distributed in areas such as 3c, high-temperature alloys, hard alloys, etc. If macroeconomic growth is weak, cobalt demand in these areas will be contained, thereby affecting the price of cobalt.