H1 performance increased, output expansion continued, orders increased profit margins and led to a significant increase in performance The company achieved income of $4,455 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 45.44 per cent and a net gain of $1,068 million to the mother
Two wings, the igbt and the third generation semiconductor are moving well, and the unit compares with the depth of 300, with the standard product lines with 47 per cent growth, the led product lines with 106 per cent growth, and the fire and sensor lines.
PV lines grew by 20 per cent over the same year, PV lines by 83 per cent over the same year, PV lines by 98 per cent over the same year, PV lines by 104 per cent over the same year, smart grids and ac-dc product lines by 684 per cent over the same year, wiring lines by 136 per cent over the same year. igbt products expanded in industry and white power leading customers by 94 per cent over the same income;
The company also increased the number of sicjbs sent samples to industrial-controlled customers in pc power sources, chargers, solar reversors, and communications power sources, with orders substantially increasing and revenue reaching a breakthrough.
During the reporting period, the company initiated the establishment of Yuxiwa, with an investment of $7.55 billion in the construction of 30,000 1/2 inches per month, or approximately 27 per cent of the current capacity of the Department, which is expected to be operational by mid-year, along with the establishment of the Yuan technology, with an investment of $4.2 billion in construction.
The survey base, after reaching the post-partum stage, is expected to have 3.75 billion annual capacity, with an advanced capacity of 2.250 billion annual capacity, for standard & feature semiconductor, advanced panel-grade power products. The current outbreak is rebounding, the crop rate of overseas producers is insufficient, supply and demand stress is expected to persist, and future production expansion companies are expected to expand.
The industry’s outlook is not as good as expected, research and development progress is not as good as expected, and production capacity is not as high as expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.