:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) 2021 semi-annual performance report released by Hua Yuwa on the evening of August 18, 2021
In both the same and ring ratios, there was a larger increase in performance than in market expectations; in the first half of the year, the Māori rate was 34.06 per cent, an increase of 6.97 percentage points over the same period in the previous year; in the first quarter of the year, the Māori pattern of the company q2 was higher than in the last five quarters, showing that the company was more profitable as an idm after the product price had been raised
2. Rapid growth in corporate product and programme operations in the first half of the year: real sales revenue for corporate products and programmes in the first half of the year was 2,044 million yuan, an increase of 49.3 per cent in the same year, 46.17 per cent in the same year, and revenue for corporate products and programme lines continued to increase: 1) mosfet product sales revenue
43 per cent over the same period; 2) 94 per cent over the same year for the sale of the igbt product; 3) third-generation semi-conductor aspects: sicjbs second-generation product development progresses well, with chip sizes down from the first generation 25 per cent; sicmosfet product development ends; 4) integrated circuits: standard product increases
47 per cent long, 106 per cent higher for led products, 20 per cent higher for fire and sensor lines, 83 per cent higher for photovoltaic products, 98 per cent higher for drivers and mcu products, higher growth in electric power 1.
Tools product lines increased by 104 per cent over the same period, smart power grids and ac-dc product lines increased by the same time, insiders, third generation semiconductors opened up to grow 3 and manufacturing and services: sales earnings of $2,383 million were realized in the first half of the year, up from the same period last year
42.14% long. The company is able to provide its customers with unique crystal circle services for the 1.0-0.11um process, including standard processes such as silicon and soi-based bcd, high-pressure cós, bipolar, bicnos and a series of artificial process platforms, and the company ' s bcd process technology for the first half of the year.
Upgraded to introduce a high-pressure vehicle-level bcd process technology of 0.18 micrometres. 4; short-term company performance is flexible, medium-term investment logic is smooth and long-term development space is wide: 1) high industry growth + national production replacement acceleration: 22 billion spaces in the main power product mosfet
Corporate markets account for 8.7 per cent, supply-side epidemics contribute to optimal patterns, demand for new energy vehicles/photovoltage/pen power-driven semiconductor demand continues to improve, industry landscapes + share rises; 2) product prices continue to rise, profit elasticity is high: downstream mosfet supply and demand is tight, industry is on the rise
(iii) Product upgrading and upgrading ceilings: the company's product end-market space: mems sensors.
Inner 50 billion markets) and mcu (domestic 40 billion markets), in addition to the company’s new cut-off orientation package of commercial sic crystalline production lines and official production of 650v/1200vsic diode products, the whole industry chain layout can fully enjoy the next 10-fold or more of the growth dividend in the sic sector.
In-house products are upgraded and optimized, and the ceiling and profitability are constantly enhanced. Hua Yui Wei is the national power idm leader, which will fully benefit from the replacement of semiconductor national production, product expansion and upgrading, and the third generation semiconductor dividend.
Industry leads, short-term climate, long-term development space and less affected by trade frictions, with sustained high performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Lower demand for power semiconductors falls short of expectations;
(b) Use legally compliant information and produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from publicly available information on the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.