China Yunwa (688396). Performance over-expected in the first half of the year, sustained profit growth in a high climate - reported in China Yuwa (688396.sh).
+6.76 pct. Of this amount, 2,410 million yuan was collected in the first quarter of the second quarter, resulting in a net profit for the mother of 668 million yuan. The overall benefit is derived from the high semiconductor climate and the general trend of national production substitution, with the output utilization factor in the high position and share flow unit (million shares):
Prices of services and products have risen, orders have been fully filled and business income has increased across the business groups.a Total equity (millions of shares): A shortage of manufacturing capacity throughout the year is expected to continue with longer service times and higher prices for power products.
+42.14%. Crystal circle manufacturing: companies continuously promote technological upgrading of advanced bcds, mems, features and high performance simulation special processes to enhance technological differentiation. Encapsulation: smart power module encapsulation is full and industrial and auto electronic applications are abrupt.
Breaking down, two cars' electronic customers imported in the first half of the year have gradually started and will import more car electronics in the second half of the year. The panel level advanced containment technology has broken down and has imported 43 well-known customers from home and abroad and has completed several product certifications. Six customers have already been produced in small batches and three customers.
2) Product and programme portfolio: companies achieved 2.04 billion yuan in the first half of the year, compared to +49.31 per cent, and earnings from their own products continued to rise. mosfet products were introduced to high-end applications, with revenues equal to +43 per cent.
Sicjbs clients expanded well, orders increased significantly, second-generation products reduced by 25%, and key device parameters improved significantly.
"In-depth report of the Société générale d ' éducation de l ' éducation de l ' éducation de l ' éducation de l ' Éducation de l ' Éducation de l ' Éducation de l ' Éducation de l ' Éducation de l ' Enseignement de l ' Intégration de l ' Intégration de la Société de l ' Intégration de l ' Intégration de l ' Intégration de l ' Intégration de l ' Intégration de l ' État de l ' État de l ' Homme (688396) " , which concludes with the completion of the development of the sicinosfet product and the preparation of the industrialization is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Newly built capacity has enhanced the advantages of scale, and research and development investments have steadily increased the production capacity of 10,000 medium- and high-end semiconductor crystals.
In the first half of the year, the company invested $283 million in research and development, with a high climate of certainty throughout the year, benefiting in the short and medium term from the performance of its own products and the price increase in manufacturing.
The long-term benefits of high-end product volumes, rising product ownership and continuous improvement in manufacturing costs have resulted in a less-than-expected industrial landscape; less-than-expected output releases; and supply chain risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.