q2 with high performance innovation and a high climate for the harvest period Events: China Yuwa published the mid-2021 report, the company achieved a revenue of $4.455 billion in 2021, China Yuwa (688396.sh)
q2 has a high level of innovation and continues to benefit from the high profile of the semiconductor. Thanks to the industry, the company has a high level of stock and capacity utilization. And, thanks to both price increases and optimized product structure, the company's performance has been impressive.
Power devices: accelerating the structural upgrading of mos, igbt products, with the third generation of semiconductors in the layout looking for the future. High weather and alternative opportunities for national production in beneficiary industries, accelerated product structural upgrading by companies, single-pipe products, and research assistants for the child Autumn Tao
For mos, the company speeds up the creation and development of 150v advanced medium- and low-pressure mos products, continuously improves the capabilities of the car regulation system, and actively moves into high-end areas such as 5g, new energy sources. For igbt, the company drives the technology platform to move to 8 inches and expands the model.
In addition, the company has accelerated the development and industrialization of sic products, the product of sicjbs in pc power sources and the continuous delivery of samples from customers in industrial and regulatory fields such as chargers, solar converters, telecommunications power sources, etc.
Second-generation product R&D is progressing well, with chip sizes reduced by 25% from the first generation, and key device parameters are further optimized by core customer communications power supply product application tests. Simocofet product R&D has entered integrated circuits: mems, mcu, power ic, etc.
The downstream market continues to expand, with active deployment of batteries, power sources, electrical applications and further expansion of the domestic market share of white domestic appliances, industrial transformers, etc. A company’s smart power grid end product has been well distributed by the national network, successfully entering large customers and delivering bulk, with a steady increase in the city’s share; and intelligent control of the product fires.
The module application is the first to import a second-generation product; the Euro-synchronous line-drive series of products, the development and propulsion of customers, municipalities, applications are being carried out in all directions; high-end optical coupling products continue to be produced; continuous upgrading of crystal-crystal processes and increased containment inputs: for surrogates, companies continue to upgrade advanced bcd,
Technical Capacity for Mems, Specialized Devices and High Performance Simulation Characteristics, 0.18bcd Process Platform
Production substitution steady ahead: 202,10106 litres; 0.11mbcd technology platform technically compliant and endorsed by mainstream clients; soi-bci, soi-bci, China Raining: Reverse performance in one quarter, long-term benefits
Art platforms have successfully moved to the market, with typical products entering the production phase; mems technology continues to be industrialized, “new infrastructure”, new energy motor development” 20200503 advantage, with a steady increase in the production of 8 inches of silicon microphone products; and new mems technologies
Technological research continues to advance. At the same time, the company has actively deployed the world’s most advanced new iron-electric material storage technology, Bender Securities Inc. (vfrm), and has established a platform for iron-electric storage and manufacturing processes for embedded products.
With regard to the sealing, the company continued to increase its sealing input, increasing the weight of its own power kit, and the booster company, House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
At the same time, the company continues to push for a breakthrough in containment technology. For example, the autonomous development of 60 micrometres of ultra thin chip containment technology, copper-clipbond technology and inverted technology, two-sided heat-distribution technology, etc. Key core technologies associated with power containment are now applied to the big current mosfet, ipm modules.
Power devices and power modules are under wrapping; panel-grade advanced containment techniques have also broken down and have been imported into 43 well-known semiconductor customers in the country and abroad to complete several product certifications, six clients have already been produced in small batches and three customers have been produced in large quantities.
Profit projection and investment rating: the company, as the leader of the domestic power idm, combined with the production of mosfet, power ic, mcu, etc., as well as foreign surrogates, gradually improved product layouts, short-term beneficiary industries, high landscape, and third generation semiconductor devices and 12 inches of the company's forward layout, growing empty in the long run
Risk factors: Product R & D risk/Property climate downside risk/Market competition risk
Figure 5: Revenue and operating cash flows from the Hua Yui camp, Figure 6: Net profit and operating cash flows from the Hua Yui camp, Figure 7: Inventory and working days of the Hua Yui camp
Fig. 8: The Chinese Lamp accounts receivable and turnover days, a successful student at the Xian Electronic Technology University, nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, overseas work with Texas instruments, etc., familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. Also a well-known sponsor of the domestic semiconductor business incubator platform, 10 coffees, has assisted many countries.
Early financing of semiconductor companies. Pacific securities 2017, Merchant securities 2018, Sinda securities 2020, and the electronics industry 18/19 Gold Cow Award 3/2. Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University 2018, Southwest securities 2020, and Sinda securities 2020, mainly covering crystal mills, digital chips and others.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020, covering vrar, optical, and storage plates. Autumn Kotao, Master of Asset Assessment of the University of Retrogen, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020, with the ability to produce, and the ability to cover power, simulation, and seal the plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.