In the reporting period, corporate business income was higher than in the previous reporting period.
During the same period, the growth was 45.43%, mainly due to the high market climate, the abundance of corporate orders, higher overall productivity utilization, and higher operating income across the industry. The net profit return was 16,486% higher than the previous year, mainly as a result of growth in revenue and an increase in the Māori rate.
34.06 per cent, or 6.97 percentage points more than in the previous year, owing mainly to higher capacity utilization and sales prices of companies, which resulted in better profitability of products than in the same period of the previous year.) The ratio of income from products to programme operations has continued to increase, and the capacity of crystal-round workers to cover them has continued to increase.
During the reporting period, the company’s products and programmes achieved sales revenue of 2,044 million yuan, or 46.17 per cent, and continued to increase. The power plant achieved sales revenue by 44 per cent in the same year, with mosfet selling revenue increasing by 43 per cent in the same year; gbt sales revenue increased by 94 per cent in the same year; and sicjbs product research
The promotion is also progressing in an orderly manner. The IEC industry has increased its revenues by 66% over the same year, with standard product lines growing by 47% over the same year, led lines by 106% over the same year, fire and sensor lines by 20% over the same year, photovoltaic lines by 83% over the same year, drive and mcu lines by the same year.
98 per cent, electricity tool product lines increased by 104 per cent on a year-on-year basis, smart grids and ac-dc product lines increased by 42.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis to bcd, mems, special features and high-performance simulation special process technological capabilities, and manufacturing and service business sections achieved sales revenue of 2,383 million yuan.
During the reporting period, the company initiated the installation of Yunxi Electronics with a registered capital of $5 billion, with the construction of a 12-inch power semiconductor crystalline production line project with a planned investment of $7.55 billion, which is expected to take shape when completed.
The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Microsoft Holdings, contributes $950 million, or 19 per cent of Yusii’s electronic registration capital.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; new capacity development is not as fast as expected.
ABC 20201026 China Micro: Visible increase in profitability, h1 high performance, 20200729
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.