The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has continued the trend of increasing profitability at the power Idm to achieve a net return of 1.07 billion yuan, an increase of 165 per cent in the same year, with a net return in the second quarter.
670 million yuan, an increase of 131 per cent in the same year and 67 per cent in the ring. idm ' s profit elasticity continues the trend of increasing season by season: 36.3 per cent in the second quarter and 4.7 per cent in the next quarter. We maintain our judgement in the first quarter of 2021, the company ' s profits.
With the profit elasticity resulting from the rising prices of power products and surrogates, and against the backdrop of the current growing shortage of crystal-crystal capacity, the prices of power products are expected to continue to rise in the third quarter of this year, and the company’s performance in the third quarter is expected to continue to grow. In terms of delivery cycles, product delivery cycles, such as mosfet, continue to grow.
1. We believe that domestic companies will accelerate the increase of their share in the current boom cycle, which is characterized by a high rate of profit of up to 50 weeks, and the recurrent impact of the overseas epidemic, particularly in South-East Asia, on the capacity of overseas Idm.
The ratio of product to programme income has steadily increased, with multi-product lines rising: product to programme income rising rapidly, gbt product sales revenue increasing by 94 per cent from year to year, driving and mcud 4. Three-quarters Chinese Runche 2020 report rating - performance on schedule
Lines have grown by 98% over the same period, smart grids and ac-dc lines have grown by 684% over the same year, and wirelessly-filled lines have grown by 136% over the same year. The sicjbs product has been sampled in the fields of pc power supply and industrial control such as charge pads, solar converters, communications power sources, etc., and the development of sicmosfet products has ended.
5. China Rain Point Assessment - Eight Inches of Crystal Wind, Upgraded Equity Incentives Program promising to land during the year: The Company submitted its Equity Incentive Program to the NCC in December 2020 and submitted its updated program in June of this year, and we expect the Incentive Program to fall this year.
And $2.67 billion (up 19 per cent) to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment