Events: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2023, yielding operating income of $294.68 billion, corresponding to growth of 40.10 per cent in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) and net profit of $31.15 billion in the mother, representing an increase of 77.05 per cent in the same year; deduction of net profit from non-retroactivity of the mother
The company's thorium battery has been delivered to the americium, and the ideal mega will be loaded with a 5-clon battery, which is about to be marketed, adding 500 m to the 12-minute reload. The Athena supercharged battery will be produced by the end of the year, and will be on the market next year, while Aveta, Chir, and where.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect companies to achieve revenue collection by 2023-2025 Risk factors: new energy vehicle needs are not as high as expected; lithium battery technology is changing over time
Risks; over-expected risks from price fluctuations in raw materials; environmental protection and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry. He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Finance, University of Nakayama, 2022.
Chen Jie, team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for lithium electric materials, Sun-yun, assistant for research in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022.
Wang Jilin, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance at the University of Gangan, one year of experience in industry studies, joined Sindha Lee Woo-jin in 2023, team member, Master of Economics at the National University of Australia, Bachelor of Arts at Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.