Performance meets expectations and profitability is still strong.
Dom Young-kang has been growing steadily, and the share of overseas cities continues to rise.
Research assistant Lee Xiaojun, who sells about 80, 90, and 100 gwh, respectively, cumulatively about 270 gwh, with about 20% of the reserves, and about 216 gwh, with about 54 gwh power.
According to the company ' s overseas power market in January-August, the rate was 27.7%, an increase of 6.9 pcts in the same year-on-year; the European market research assistant, a rapid breakthrough, a 34.9% increase in the power market in January-August, a rise of 8.1 pcts in the same year-on-year.
Reclaiming orders from many European home-grown car companies, such as the general public, stellantis, BMW, and popular Mercedes, will support the pool’s 27.2%, a significant increase of 9.8 pcts to the top in the world. Research and development investment has increased, and innovation products and services continue to lead the industry.
\triangleright invests $1.88 billion, an increase of 40.65%. In terms of product and service innovation, the power, the power, the power, the batteries, the m3p, the Jockey supercharged batteries continue to fall.
During the reporting period, companies released the world’s first phosphate lithium 4c Jockey Supercharged Battery, which provides a 10-minute renewal of 400 km.
2. In the 2023 season of the Ningde era (300,750.sz), the integrated, more economical, direct-flow product, enerd, became the new generation of industry poles. In ecological terms, the country’s first highway re-card for green logistics line, Ningde Xiamen, was officially opened to speed up the road.
The freight industry has entered a low-carbon era.
4. The Ningde era (300,750.sz) 2022 Annual Review: Multiply, in the light of stable corporate markets, strong profitability, continuous delivery of product and service innovations, guaranteeing the nuclear age (300,750.sz) three-quarterly reporting points in 2022
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.