During the Ningde era (3000,750), profitability remained strong, and it was expected that the Keveral Batteries and overseas orders would drive up the city’s share, that companies would be leading the world in terms of movement and storage of batteries, and that overseas markets would continue to rise.
On the cargo side, we estimate that the total volume of the company's mobile battery output is about 100 gwh+, with power of about 80% and storage of about 20%. According to Sne, the global market share of the company's power cell was stable in January-August 2023, and continued to rank first.
The market for electric batteries in Europe in January-August was 34.9% in January-August. The market for electric batteries outside Central and European regions was 27.2% in January-August.
Car companies, such as the public, stellentis, BMW, Mercedes, etc., won a higher share in the new round of European car enterprises in 2026-2030, the company’s share in the European market remained strong, the company’s profitability remained strong, and subsequent mineral resource operations were expected to increase profits.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) estimates that the company's q3 operations will yield a single wh profit of about 0.08 dollars. With the release of q4 downstream demand and the continuous increase in the company's cost-control capacity, we anticipate moving batteries.
Business profits are expected to remain strong, while Jiangxi minerals are operational, climbing up the slopes, and there's a mid-point review report from the Ningde era, 2023.
In August, the Division released its first global launch, with the introduction of the phosphate lithium 4c supercharger, which could be filled.
In the end of the year, it will be produced in the first quarter of 2024.
Ningde Times (300,750) is the annual review of the 2022 Ningde Times.
Investment Recommendations: Considering the increased competition in the industry, we lower expectations that profitability is expected to remain strong, and that the use of Jockey Batteries and overseas orders is expected to lead to an increase in the city's share of the profits forecast and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute purchases of the said securities.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.