Profitability is stable, and the growth in demand at the end of the engine is somewhat weak: the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company published a three-quarterly report in 2023. Business income of $2.946.8 billion was realized in the first three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters.
The net return to the mother was 31.15 billion yuan in the third quarter, compared to +77.0 per cent, and the single q3 achieved the net return to the mother q3 powered about 80gwhh, with downstream demand increasing or slowing down. [volume] the single q3 battery system produced about 100gwhh, with a corresponding capacity utilization rate of about 70%.
80gwh, ring + 4%, lags behind new energy vehicle terminal sales. Mainly, (1) downstream vehicle stock levels are high, dominated by digestive de-stores: (2) core clients rolled out in September, production lines were upgraded, and demand for raw materials was reduced. Early in October, due to double vacations, the new energy car market was performing better than the delivery end.
It is expected that the company ' s power cell system will be sold to 100 gwh. The annual sales will be close to 320 gwh.
Pressure releases and higher profits from technological progress. The unit price of the single q3 power cell system has been measured at 0.9/wh, with a reduction of about 0.05/wh compared to q2. The price of lithium carbonate, the main raw material, has fallen further since the third quarter, and the unit price of the 23q4 power cell is expected to be further downsized.
A step-by-step increase in the stability of the unit of Māori reflects the company’s current ability to achieve excellent precipitation. Q3 storage capacity requires warmth and storage core prices are running out. [volume] q3 stock system sales are about 20 gwh, the lowest price drop is about 0.2 yuan/wh, and the cost price is still running out.
The price of the company’s 23q3 storage system was measured at a single price of about 0.8 yuan/wh less than 23h1, and the product still contained high value added and remained competitive. • Sustained innovation led industry development and the overseas layout was well advanced. In August 23, the company released the global premier phosphorus.
Acid lithium 4c is super-filled with "the God's battery" and has been charged for 10 minutes and continued for 400 km. According to the company, the "the God's battery" will be produced by the end of this year, with a 24-q1 centralized vehicle, and the first-cared Chirre Star Wars will be released in October. Moreover, in the face of growing overseas demand, the company continues to promote overseas capacity-building.
1. Ningde (300,750): Continued increase in profitability, with the Hungarian plant being licensed by the Government to carry forward successfully, and smoothing out of the sea to support the forward space (2023-08-06)
During the Ningde era (300,750): 22q4 returns on profitability, corresponding to a dynamic of 18 times, 14 times and 12 times.
Warm, the supply chain remains strong (2023-03-13), leading the industry well. 23q3 companies maintain high levels of profitability and lead the city. Keeping “buying and supply risks: new product and new technology development risks”.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.