Three-quarter performance meets expectations, new technology leads to product innovation Events: The Ningde era revealed the third-quarter report of 2023. Billion dollars, +40.10% of the year, net return to the mother $31,145 million, +77.05% of the year, real
Three-quarter ring sales have increased slightly and are influenced by factors such as repatriation. In a single season, 2303 companies achieved $10.54 billion, compared to +8 per cent, ring + 5 per cent; net parent growth; about 20 per cent of the savings and about 80 per cent of the net profits of the company.
The decline is mainly influenced by downstream returns, exchange gains, and losses. The Māori rate has improved for three consecutive quarters, and stock controls have stabilized. 2303, the company Māori rate has risen by 22.42%, and the ring has increased by 0.46 pcts.
Three-quarterly reports show that companies have 23.38 billion yuan in hand currency and are well funded; 52.7 billion yuan in net cash flow from operating activities and healthy cash flow. With regard to inventories, the Department reports about 48.9 billion dollars in stock, which is close to the reported data, and good inventory control.
New technology leads the industry, multi-dimensionally shapes the competitiveness of companies. Companies insist on technological innovation, with the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks, overcharged batteries, and have been working with several car companies, such as Avita, Chirí and others; compound aluminum is already in place.
Application to selected three-dollar high nickel battery products; m3p batteries are expected to be released in 2024. Xiamen Sioux Investment Ltd. Downstream demand is less than expected; industry competition increases risks; new technologies are less advanced than expected;
Global policy change risk; upstream raw material price volatility risk. Data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information, and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.