Performance meets expectations, innovation products are introduced to deepen overseas cooperation Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) % small increase in Māori level, expected battery ring growth, innovation product rapid advance
The company's three-quarter delivery rate is about 100 gwh, with a power of about 80 gwh, with a storage capacity of about 20 gwh, an increase of 25-30% over the two-quarter drop. On the profit side, the company's q3-quarter Māori ratio is about 0.98 pt, and the net interest rate drop is mainly due to currency exchange losses due to the appreciation of the renminbi against the euro.
According to Sneresearch, the company’s share of global power cell loads in January-August 2023 was 36.9%, compared to +1.2pt, the world’s largest. Europe’s cities accounted for 34.9% in January-August, compared to +8pc.
The company has secured large orders for local European cars, such as the public, BMW, and Mercedes, which are expected to increase steadily. The company continues to deepen its overseas cooperation, with power, with a strategic partnership with Ford, covering power cell supply in China, Europe, and North America.
The German factory was successfully operational, the Hungarian project phase was under construction, construction was expected to be completed within two years, phase II had already been communicated with the Government prior to the start, and, with regard to storage capacity, the company had entered into a cooperation agreement with the United States storage technology platform and the settlement provider, flexgen, which would supply the latter with 10 gwh over a period of three years.
Storage of energy products, an agreement with the U.S. utility and distributed photovoltaic + storage energy developer, Primergysolar llc, to supply batteries exclusively for the Gemini Photovoltaic + Energy project, which, when completed, will become one of the largest photovoltaic energy projects in the United States.
Chocolate-for-blocks are produced in bulk, and are already on display in thugs, composts, and Guiyang. The company’s first-ever mtb technology is applied to the recard-for-power battery industry under the umbrella of the National Power Investment Corporation, where demand is not as high as expected, new technology development is expected, and competition in the industry is increasing.
“New Energy in Huaanan Securities _ Company Review _ Ningde Time”
Quarterly report on rising cost performance, upstream layout pending follow-up profit recovery 2022-5-04.
The performance of the mid-point rate increases is over-expected, the city reports three quarters of the year - the ability to earn a profit is continuously restored, the city accounts for upscaling and deepening overseas cooperation 2022-10-22.
H.E. Nieji, Master of Economics and Finance, University of New South Wales, formerly in the Department of Credit and Approval, Bank General, one year of industry research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.