Channel expansion across the country, with a nuclear multi-producer opening up a growth space, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Quality Performance Summary: 2,021h1 achieved business income of $3.85 billion (+18.6 per cent) and a net return to the mother.
1.120 billion yuan (+29 per cent), excluding the parent ' s net profit of $1.12 billion (+29.9 per cent), generating a net business activity that accelerates on a quarterly basis and increases the price of one nuclear multi-material. Company q1/q2 received $2 billion and $1.85 billion, respectively, at an increase of +16.8 per cent/+20.6 per cent; q1/q2 net parent ' s profit was $570 million and $550 million, respectively.
Officially, prices are still expected to increase in the future, and there is still room for future price increases. There is a significant amount of medicine, such as ammonium max, that is, 45.38 million yuan, a 32-fold increase in cardiovascular medicine, 51 per cent (+55 pp) and a mature model of brand extension.
1) During the reporting period, the company ' s domestic sales were dominated by the otc channel, including the twigs, regional distributions, and retail pharmacies. Among these, the twigs are the core distribution channels. In recent years, the company has been active in the construction of the Channel Extension Plus branding campaign, plus
In recent years, the company's external channels have increased its sales outside the South-East region.
With the exception of the overseas areas, the growth rate in the main camps was significantly higher than in the two areas, and the company’s performance was expected to maintain high growth throughout the year, driven by the expansion of channels.
The company has set up a task leader group to speed up the process of disbursal of cosmetics. In addition, the company's controlling subsidiary, the Queen, has set up a “scaffles” of cosmetics (2021-07-20).
At the same time, the company is working on a high-end project to upgrade new products. The company also has a holding company.
The product is based on “fire-free” and promotes the export of cavity-care solutions.
One wing, two wings, is 104 times larger (2021-01-21) and 83 times more than 65, respectively, and Noro has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.