The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWISRDC) has continued to grow at a high rate of solarisation.
18.6% over 18.5 billion yuan in operating profits, 30% over the same period, 1.11 billion yuan net profit to the mother, plotting, parent company, Xiazhou Pharmacology Company Ltd., holding subsidiary, Xiamen Xia Xia Xiao Ying in medicine Ltd. (consolidated) and controlling subsidiary, Fujian Chai Cosmetics Co. Ltd. (consolidated)
Price boosts have performed well and experience shops have continued to expand out of the country. Profit ends are growing faster than revenue ends.
Five hundred and ninety dollars per grain, up 11.3%, downstream demand, supply of pipelines, multiple end-to-end retail prices are higher than official instructions, and we assume that there is still a huge amount of room for future price increases. The lab focuses on the high net population, with the dual role of "channel expansion plus brand promotion" as of the end of the first half of the year.
In 2020, 64 extra-provincial experiential shops were created in Fujian province and 6 more in the province, resulting in a significant increase in the share of the off-provincial market revenue, with a significant increase in revenue in the non-Chinese East region, which is expected to sustain a high rate of growth throughout the year.
In 2020, the company repositioned the solar block from the "Three Ones" to the "Big Healthy Nation Make-up" and the high-end rehydration line-up was launched in August 2020, with the completion of three of the company's high-end skin-keeping product lines, while the new three-country series is in its production phase.
The company’s controlling subsidiary, Xiangzhou Tianxiang Cheonghai Family Oral Care Ltd., whose products are based on “fire-free” approaches to export cavity care solutions, has now started a market-based project, and the project is well under way. The extended M&A project opens up space for future development of a wider product matrix.
51% of the business, expanding the traditional medium medicine, such as the Antxle max (both natural) and the Western yolk pill (both natural). An Quantico max is a traditional Chinese medicine in the field of cardiovascular arteries, with a market size of about $2.42 billion. With the company's branding advantage and the country's high net worth of people experiencing shop access, it is hoped that a Quantico Anse magma pill will be used as a traditional Chinese medicine in the field of cardiovascular art.
The company's first new drug, pzh2111, was approved in August 2020, and the new one, two wings, flew.
On December 2, the company's 1st new drug, pzh, 2108, was approved for clinical purposes, mainly for cancer pains, and for co-target drugs for which there are currently no similar adaptive conditions in the country and abroad.
No one received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the reasons that they were 121 times, 97 times and 79 times, respectively, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.