Head of semiconductor equipment with a country-owned background, replacement of national production in deep-beneficiary industries, High-level Report North China (002371), 30 January 2024
The company is the national lead in semiconductor equipment, covering the three main areas of semiconductor equipment, vacuum and lithium power equipment, electronic components, and customers of integrated circuits.
Semiconductor displays, photovoltaics, led, etc. downstream industrial chains. The benefits of universal semiconductor equipment have accelerated the replacement of national production, public semiconductor equipment has been released, and performance has grown at a high rate in recent years, with a net profit of 45.89% in 2017-2022, and a net profit of 79.86% in the mother.
Liu Monjing, our country is the world's largest semiconductor equipment market, and the procurement needs are high. The semiconductor equipment is a boom in downstream terminals like mobile phones, the build-up of transcontinental crystal mills, and the installation of semiconductors on our mainland.
Foreign sanctions have forced self-control, and the policy plus-associated equipment industry has developed. In recent years, Western countries have become the world’s largest semi-conductor market for equipment for three consecutive years, from 2020 to 2022.
In terms of industrial policy, the integrated circuit industry has a prominent role in the strategy, and the country has introduced a series of integrated circuit investment tax credits, government subsidies, and national efforts to secure the supply chain and promote industrial health.
As an alternative to national production, the overall self-sufficiency of our semiconductor equipment has been low, but in recent years there have been significant breakthroughs in the areas of decoupling, cmp, etching, and cleaning equipment, and future growth prospects are expected. The global semiconductor climate has returned, promising to boost upstream equipment demand.
In November of that year, global semiconductor sales grew by nine months and industry recovery gradually advanced; Semi projected that global crystal mill equipment spending would rebound from 15 to 97 billion dollars in 2024, and that it would be effective as global crystal mill capital spending continued to warm, adding up to the pace of advanced process breakthroughs in the built-in crystal mills.
The company is fully deployed in the area of semiconductor equipment and continuously improves the product system. As a domestic general semiconductor, the company has a more comprehensive layout in the area of semiconductor equipment, covering the previous and subsequent periods.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, most of the core equipment, such as film sedimentation equipment (pvd+cvd+ald), etching machines, oxidizers, fire extinguishers, mfc, scrubbers, etc. The company has also continued to refine the product system, in addition to the basic semiconductor equipment, towards advanced envelopes, compounds semiconductors, silicon-guiled and led.
Investment proposal: As a leading enterprise in the field of general semiconductor equipment in the country, the company is comprehensive in the layout of semiconductor equipment, covering multiple areas such as integrated circuits, panels, photovoltaics, lithium power, etc., and is expected to benefit from the semiconductor industry rewinding.
The company is expected to earn $7.4 per share per share, 9.7 per cent per share, and 1.1 per cent per year of business growth in semiconductor platform-type enterprises, deep tied downstream head-head customers.
The company was established in September 2001 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2010 (stock code 002371) as the lead company in the development, production, marketing and technical services of semiconductor basic products.
The main product is electronic process equipment and electronic components, which are the mainstream state-of-the-art electronics equipment suppliers in the country, as well as high-precision electronic device production bases. The company’s main battalion operations cover mainly electronic process equipment operations and electronic components operations, of which electronic process equipment consists mainly of semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment and new energy lithium electrical equipment, electronics.
The components include, inter alia, resistance, capacitors, transistors, modular power sources, microwave components, etc. Development journey: more than 20 vehicles, a platform-type company with semiconductor equipment.