On the evening of 8 January, the company released a double venture, "Intelligent Homes + Cloud Platform Services", which has more than 26 million active users per month.
The network is positioned as a provider of smart household products and cloud platform services, with the vision of creating an ecological system of smart households that provides a safe, comfortable, pleasant living and working environment for users.
Cloud platforms, smart home products, have built a "4+n" product system. Firestone networks will develop autonomously four major smart home products, including smart home cameras, smart home entry, smart control and intelligence, that serve robots.
With more than 67 million registered users of the platform and more than 11 million active users per day, the operating income and net profits of the fluorescent network have continued to grow, and the market is expected to increase core competitiveness. In 2019, the fluorescent network achieved operating income of 2,426 million yuan, an increase of 60.20 per cent over the same period; net gains were realized
In the first three quarters of 2020, the fluorescent network achieved operating income of 2,049 million yuan and net profit of 273 million yuan. Through this break-up, the fluorescent network will be listed independently as a platform under the company for intelligent home and cloud platform services.
Net profits are likely to be shrunk, but in the medium and long term, the Flystone Network will strengthen its own capital through the marketing of science and innovation boards and will further enhance R & D capabilities and the business layout, enhance core competitiveness, and achieve intelligence.
The digital demand for businesses continues to be released, and the corporate innovation ladder has largely formed the "Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation - Heconway (002415.sz): Innovation.
With video technology at its core, companies use technology such as ai, big data and physical networking to raise the profile of businesses in various industries, with robust growth in performance. 2020.07.26 Household empowerment, optimization of equipment and human costs, and faster development of ebg operations.
Industry’s digital needs are expected to be released, and companies have more space to grow. Faced with a highly fragmented scenario, companies are building a unified software technology architecture and an open platform, increasing the efficiency of research and development, reducing marginal costs, and showing a growing impact. In terms of innovation, companies are now expanding their smart homes, robotics, automobile power.
The development ladder for innovative business has been largely formed. We believe that the rapid development of ebg and innovative business is expected to become a company.
The strong momentum for development continues to open the space for medium- and long-term development. Companies provide video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data services to global users.
There are full advantages in terms of technology, products, and solutions. The company is expected to be operating in 2020-2022, taking into account: 1) ebg business is growing faster, space is larger, 2) innovation is growing faster, China Stone network is on the market, 3) company software and I's capabilities are increasing value addition, 4) harmonization is continuing.
The effect of the size of the software architecture is gradually emerging, (5) business income has improved seasonally over the past three quarters, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic has led to less than expected macroeconomic developments, less than the demand for a digital transformation of firms, less than expected growth of overseas markets, less than expected growth in innovation and increased competition in the industry.
Figure 1: The author of Heiconway, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association over the past five years, has presented the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.