The company's report - the high performance report for 2020 - has accelerated the growth of business income on a quarterly basis, with steady annual growth in business income and net return earnings.
In 2020, the company responded cautiously to the uncertainty of its domestic and foreign operating environment and continued to insist on client demand-led and technological innovation-driven growth that sustains robust performance. In 2020, the company achieved market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
7.96% growth. Quarterlyly, in 2020 q1-q4, companies achieved 94.29% of total operating income, government-end markets gradually recovered, and companies became new growth engines with video technology at their core, using technology such as ai, big data and object networking, to serve businesses in various industries.
Household empowerment. Faced with a highly fragmented landscape, the company built a unified software technology architecture and an open platform to improve R & D efficiency and reduce marginal costs, and the scale effect became apparent. Sub-operations: 1) pbg Industry: As the domestic epidemic is effectively controlled, there are clear signs of recovery in some of the disaggregated areas in the first half of 2021.
Each year, as a result of the low base effect, government-end operations are expected to grow at a higher rate.) ebg operations: companies continue to expand the digital blue sea, digital transformations act as engines, driving ebg operations fast.
Rapid growth. In the first half of 2020, as a result of the negative impact of the new crown epidemic, the firm ' s ebg business grew inversely, and the fluorescent network was placed on the market, with a strong intelligence business 2021.01.11 20.15%, with a clear long-term growth logic. 3) Smgg operations: SMEs have been hit more by the epidemic, with the exception of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
In the first place, the innovation business development ladder has been formed, and the fluorescent network has been created to improve competitiveness.
With regard to innovation, the company has now expanded its intelligent home, robotics, auto electrons, storage, infrared visual devices, fire-fighting solutions, intelligence testing, etc., and the development ladder for innovation has been largely formed, the army of Geng.
On the evening of 8 January, the company released a plan to separate its son, Mr. Hwang State Firestone Network Ltd., to be listed as a platform for the company’s intelligent home and cloud platform services.
Strengthening its own capital will further enhance its R & D capacity and its layout, enhance core competitiveness, and achieve a strong intellectual presence.
The company provides video-centric smart-material networking solutions and big data services to global users, with overall advantages in terms of technology, products and solutions, and a wider scope for future growth. The reference industry has a larger and more rapid growth space; the innovation business is growing rapidly, and the fluorescent network is marketed;
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated; the demand for the digital transformation of enterprises has been released less than expected; the overseas market has not expanded as much as expected; the business of innovation has not developed as expected: increased competition in the industry, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.