The company issued its annual report for 2019 on the night of March 27, with $18,853 million in revenue, an increase of 30.46 per cent over the previous three-dollar period.
120 million yuan, representing a 92.18 per cent decline over the same period. Performance: slightly lower than expected, q4 asset impairment delayed performance \triangleright
The increase in income was mainly due to a large increase in trade earnings, with the decline in profits due mainly to a fall in cobalt prices, with the total annual average value of non-ferrous cobalt in the Yangtze River in 2019 falling by 48 per cent. The net profit was less than anticipated than the expected loss of principal q4 asset impairments.
The company also announced a long-term purchase and sale contract of $7.2-76 billion with Pojiang Chemistry. The company issued shares to purchase 15.68 per cent of the shares of the state (805 million yuan).
The package of funds to be raised is to be invested in the "30,000 tons of metal per year metal power cell-grade nickel sulphate" project. The four tri-premester drivers and positive material projects jointly run with lig and Pochip were in the test and test stage by the end of 2019.
Industry: The epidemic affects both supply and demand, looking at the 2020h2 demand improvement \triangleright supply end, and the capacity of the mutanda mine to stop production is almost equal to that of the 2020 expansion.
The increase in motor-banded power and the addition of 5g mobile phone loads to the 3c demand marginal improvement; the accelerated trend of global electricization, which is expected to accelerate deployment abroad, and the overall decline in domestic new energy subsidies. The epidemic may have short-term effects on demand, but there are also disruptions at the supply end of countries such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo, looking at the price boom resulting from the improved demand for 2020h2.
With the rise of the cobalt price hub, the release of copper and three-dollar pre-removement capacity, the company ' s performance in 2020 will be significantly improved, expected to meet expectations, with continued good follow-on profit repair The continued spread of the epidemic will affect 3c, new energy demand, and cobalt prices will fall short of expectations.
Three-quarterly review of the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry (603799): Trade-for-business drags on the Māori rate and performance is expected to be repaired gradually
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,