The company's performance is expected to continue to improve as the demand for cobalt rises and the company's performance improves.
The U.S. Cobalt industry will purchase Sino-Sunta shares to purchase them in the form of shares.
More than 10 selected investors have publicly released shares to raise matching funds of up to $800 million, mainly for the 30,000-ton (metal volume) pyrotechnic sulphuric acid-grade nickel project in the state of HWAYA, which is a successful restructuring programme for the future of the company after the conclusion of the deal.
The company's capital structure, the quality of its operations will be improved, and the public will be better off.
The competitiveness and sustainability of the Division has been enhanced. Improved supply and demand patterns in the industry, higher cobalt prices, good corporate development: recently, the closure of the largest cobalt mine of the entire planet under the Canon flag has led to a sharp decline in production, higher cobalt prices, and domestic suppliers
Sold, while the development of new energy vehicles has driven demand for cobalt and nickel, improved supply and demand patterns in the industry, and companies have a complete cobalt and copper resource development system in the main mining areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which effectively secures the supply of raw materials from domestic manufacturing bases, increases the price of cobalt and guarantees it.
The profitability of the company’s products makes a great deal of money for the company’s future development. With a deep three-dollar layout, future performance is expected to improve continuously: in the context of the dynamic development of the new energy automobile industry, the new energy lithium and cobalt industries in which the company is engaged are the state.
Emerging industries supported by development strategies and industrial policies produce products that are essential core raw materials for new energy materials, such as three-dollar power tanks. With the construction of the three-dollar battery-grade nickel project, which produces 30,000 tons of pure metal per year, the company’s capacity has increased further, but not yet.
The performance is expected to improve continuously in the light of the _aaa_Ocean Cobalt Industry (603799) evaluation report.
Risk factors: The development of new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations, new projects have not been built, national industry policies have changed and restructuring has not progressed as expected.