Essentially in line with expectations, continuing to take good note of the follow-up profit restoration - The Chinese Friends Cobalt Industry (603799) announces performance: Cobalt heat rises to 2019q4 performance and 2020q1 ring is expected to continue improving.
\triangleright tens of thousands of yuan. q4 cobalt prices continue to rebound, q4 in the Yangtze River, with an average of 27,89 million yuan per tonne of non-ferrous cobalt active q4 and a further 7.23 per cent increase in ring q3 (q3 net profit of $5,993,000), and q4 is expected to continue to improve over q3 and perform well.
Acquisitions: Purchase of a minority share in the State of Happiness \triangleright shares issued to purchase 15.68 per cent of Happiness shares (trade for 805 million yuan) have been traded.
At the same time, the matching funds raised will be invested in the "Tonne of gold per year " , a small contraction in supply, a marginal improvement in demand, and an upward shift in cobalt prices.
Supply: The capacity to shut down the mutanda mine is almost equal to that of other manufacturers in 2020, and supply will decline slightly in 2020. Demand: mobile phone single-barrel loads plus 5g mobile phone loads, 3c needs marginal improvement; traditional car manufacturers have increased the regulation of new energy vehicles under environmental and energy constraints.
By 2020, the demand for power batteries is expected to remain high. Cobalt is expected to hit a tight balance of supply and demand, and to become a small shortfall in 2021, with the cobalt hub moving gradually to $30-35 million/tonne.
The company ' s performance in 2020 will be significantly improved as the cobalt price hub moves upwards; at the same time, copper and tri-dollar pre-diversion energy release will continue to provide performance gains. In conjunction with the recovery in cobalt prices, pss will be adjusted for three quarters of 2019-2021, respectively: Trade.
2. The Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799) reports performance: new energy released overseas is below expectations, risks of falling cobalt prices are below expectations, and integration is below expectations.
The bottom line will be to look at the marginal improvement of the cobalt price, a summary of the company's financial statement projections, and the data used to ensure that the reports are based on compliance channels, in which the author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,