Weir Holdings: Replacing the East Wind with National Production, Cis Lead, Weir Holdings (603501.sh) is the lead in the domestic Cis Image Sensor, with a third global share in 2018.
Acquisition of American Howie, cutting into the Cis image sensor track, the main business of which is the cos image, the Fouchon sensor, the semiconductor distribution and the original semiconductor design.
Sensors have a 16% share in the market, ranked third after Sony and Samsung. The company's acquisition of Quantities has been excellent, its business is robust, and its profitability has increased considerably.
Machine sales are expected to warm in 21 years, idc predicts an increase in smartphone sales by 5.6% in 2021, multiple camera upgrades and high-pixel photography are one of the main directions for upgrading mobile phones today, with both the number of cis sensors and the single-machine value of mobile phones increasing.
The successful launch of the staircase product, which broke through 48 m technology in 2019, and three further 64 m products in 2020, gradually narrowing the gap with Sony and Samsung.
Cars are growing fast, companies are becoming more powerful, and future city occupancy is expected to continue to rise. In the context of accelerated penetration of smart cars, high growth of vehicle-borne cameras is also taking place in the city of Cars.
The size of the site is expected to increase from $900 million in 2019 to $1.9 billion in 2023, and the car law market will remain at an average annual compound rate of 20 per cent in the next five years, the highest rate of increase in the city. The company’s share in the car law market is the second largest in the world, with a market share of 22 per cent in 2018.
Next to Ansomé, 36%, and compared to Ansomé, the company has access to large-scale pixel combination technology, and the trend towards faster penetration of smart cars has been rising in camera pixels, and the company’s share in the car cis market is expected to increase further.
The corporate design business and distribution business go hand in hand, and the corporate platform’s advantages are gradually highlighting the company’s chip design operations, including tddi, tvs, poweric, mosfet, radio frequency, Shortki, relative depth 300 (up to 2021-03-09)
Satellite-live chips, etc., have domestic leadership in the fields of tddi, simulation, radio frequency, etc. Distribution operations are dominated by technology distribution, well-developed distribution networks and supply chain systems, and companies are at the forefront of the industry.
The product layout, which acquired the tddi business of synaptics in 2020, the optical field under the layout, has been well integrated. The company’s design and distribution business have been more synergistic, promoting business continuity, growing space, and the opportunity to become a platform-based semiconductor leader in the future.
Investments suggest that companies will benefit in depth from smartphone upgrades, auto-drive development, and national production substitution trends, and cos image sensor operations will increase in value. The company is expected to continue with Well: 2020 outperforms market expectations and high cis
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: corporate cis operations will continue to grow rapidly. Companies, as champions in the field of cis, will benefit in depth from trends in high-pixel multi-ingestion of mobile phones, the development of automated driving systems, and the need to guard against high-level clearance. Companies focus on R & D, technology advantages are clear, and there will be some in the future.
Other semiconductor designs and distributions benefit from national production substitution, and there is wide scope for development. They are expected to grow steadily as a result of the rapid development of the national production substitution trend and industries such as 5g, artificial intelligence, motor electronics, company tvs, mosfet, electricityic, radio frequency, Shortki, etc. semiconductor design operations. Companies insist on research and development inputs to evolve into core company technologies, product performance units, etc.
Global semiconductor supply is currently tight, semiconductor demand is strong, and the company semiconductor distribution business is growing in scope. The company’s acquisition of the tddi business of synaptics has been well integrated, the screen fingerprinting application is still in rapid penetration, domestic terminal manufacturers are actively seeking to replace domestically produced products, and the company’s tddi business is expected to grow.
The Division’s other semiconductor design and distribution operations are expected to reach $6 billion in 2021, while semiconductor operations will increase by more than 15% in 2021-2022, and Māori levels are expected to rise to 30%. The market is conservative about the future growth of corporate cis’s operations, and we expect that corporate cis’s performance will continue to grow rapidly.
The sales of smart phones are expected to rise again in 2021, while multiple cameras, high pixels and upgrades are driving up the price of cellular ciss, and the company’s high-level products are well on their way. Cars are growing at a high rate, the company’s strong position is clear, and the future market is expected to rise. Meanwhile, in substituting the cis national production, the country has the largest market in the world, and the cis is in the process of producing it.
Markets are skeptical about the company’s core competitiveness, and we believe that the company, as a domestic semiconductor, has a wide protection of the city. The company has an excellent strategic layout and enforcement capacity, buying the American Howie in 2018 and the synaptics in 2020.
In recent years, companies have increased their R & D investment, made a series of breakthroughs in high-level products, and have acquired a strong R & D power. There is a high degree of synergy between their design and distribution operations, which has contributed to the growth of their business, the growing scope for growth, the creation of the Matthews effect, and the opportunity to become platform-type semiconductors in the future.
Companies will benefit in depth from smartphone upgrades, auto-drive development and national production substitution trends, and the cos image and sensor operations will rise at full cost. Companies are expected to continue to expand their market share and continue to grow faster.
- The company is the leader in the field of image sensors in the country (i) the original business focus semiconductor design and distribution, and the acquisition completes the cis flagship status established.
Founded in 2007, the company is the leading semiconductor distribution and design company in the country. Since its inception, the company has been engaged in semiconductor design and distribution. In 2019, it completed a major business reorganization for the acquisition of Howie and Spico in Beijing.
After the acquisition of Howe Tech and Spico, the company’s business consisted mainly of cos image sensors, semiconductor distribution, semiconductor self-researching three parts.
The most important product of the coms image sensor business is the coms image sensor chip, 2019 cos image sensor industry. Technology provides a full product mix of low to high 64mp pixels below 1mp, while Spico provides a low-level product below 8mp. As a globally known chip designer that provides advanced digital imaging solutions, the company ' s products are widely applied.
The company’s semiconductor self-research operations consist mainly of research and development designs for products such as separation devices, power management, etc. The company’s other semi-conductor products consist mainly of separation devices (including tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.), power management.
Ldo, switch, dc-dc, led backlight drive, etc.), radio frequency devices and ic, satellite-live chips, mems microphone sensors, etc. These products are widely used in the domain of mobile communications, vehicle electronics, security, network communications, home appliances, etc.
The supply chain for the famous mobile brands of Vivo (high pace), Cubes, Motorola, Samsung, Haesin, Naking, Bodi, and others. Figure 3. Corporate semiconductor R & D major products
Corporate distribution is technology-based, with well-developed technical support teams and well-developed supply chain management systems. Companies are closely linked to their former plants, have experienced fae teams, build procurement, marketing networks, and complete business modules such as technical support, post-sale and logistics services.
Low R & D costs enable firms to design electronic products that respond quickly to market demand. Products distributed by companies include passive, structural, stand-alone, integrated circuits, radio frequency devices, display screens, etc.
The chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Yin Yung, is the real controller of the company, the company has a stable equity structure, and the number of subsidiaries is high. After the acquisition of Howie and Sbyko, the share held by the effectively controlled person was diluted from 61.32% to 32.35% (direct shareholding), but the number of companies remains high. As of mid-2020, 77 subsidiaries were covered by the consolidated statements, of which Howie and Sbyko are the main companies.
The company issued a stock incentive program to show its confidence in the future. Well shares released the 2020 Stock Rights and Restricted Stock Incentives (draft) scheme on 7 September 2020 to award 7.7 million stock options to incentive recipients, representing some of the capital stock.
The firm’s incentive scheme has been instrumental in fully mobilizing its workforce and has also demonstrated its confidence in future development.
(iii) Firms operate well, with a significant increase in profitability, and the M&A of Howe and Spico in Beijing significantly boosts corporate profitability. The company successfully completed its acquisitions of Howe and Spico in Beijing in 2019.
According to the company ' s 2020 performance report, the company achieved a gross operating income of $19,548 million in 2020, an increase of 43.40% over the total operating income of the same period in 2019. The company ' s net return earnings are also increasing year by year, with the company achieving a return in 2020.
In 2016-2018, the share of corporate design business increased, with the company ' s Māori rate rising steadily as a result of the higher profitability of the design business. After the company ' s merger of Howie technology and Spico in 2019, the company ' s share of the profits from the design business rose steadily.
The main business turned to cis, with a significant increase in semiconductor design operations, the Māori rate rising to 27.39 per cent, the Māori rate rising to 30.46 per cent in 2020q3 and the net interest rate rising to 12.22 per cent. It is expected that the company Māori rates and net interest rates will continue their steady upward trend in the future as a result of the progressive release of high pixels such as 32mp/48mp/64mp products.
Figure 7. Changes in the gross and net interest rates of Weir shares is higher roe and higher turnover rates are faster. The company’s core profit index roe is slightly lower than the median in the integrated circuit industry, showing a net interest rate of one of the core profitability indicators through Dupont’s analysis of net interest rates, total asset turnover and equity multipliers.
The net interest rate on corporate sales is lower, mainly because 80% of the distribution business is still in the company’s revenue structure for 18 years and before, compared with the quarterly weighting of roe of 19.17, mainly due to a significant increase in net interest rates on assets. The company’s management costs rose to $450 million, and the management costs reached 14.44%.
Corporate R & D costs are increasing year by year, while corporate overall rates tend to decrease each year as equity incentive amortization costs decrease each year and income scale expands. Companies continue to increase R & D inputs, while R & D costs remain high. Companies value R & D inputs, and R & D investments increase every year.
The firm achieved a reasonable “three-by-one” level of cost over a reasonable period under a robust operating model, with the exception of 18 years of management fees, which were set at 11.2 per cent cost-sharing as a result of the equity incentive scheme, all of which remained within 5 per cent.
Corporate finances are good, financial leverage promotes corporate investment. Overall, Weir’s equity asset and liability ratios are higher than the industry median, Roa and Roe’s asset turnover rates are high, operating profitability and sales of Māori are rising steadily.
The Division as a whole is operating well, with a steady increase in harvests. Second, the market space is wide, and the capacity gap provides a good opportunity for national substitution. (i) Cis is a core optical component, and technology is gradually moving towards multilayered backsliding.
Cis is a core component of the optical module, which converts light signals to telecoms. Cis is fully called the csimagesensor, or cmos image sensor. Image sensors can be divided into ccd and cmos, depending on the component. Before the ccos application, ccd (the charge-coupled device) is the main image sensor on the market.
Same, but there's a difference in how the signal is read, and each pixel sensor unit in the cs has its own amplifier and can be singled out and read out, and all charges generated by all pixel sensor units in the ccd have to go through the same amplifier by line.
Cis has an advantage in signal transmission speed and production costs. Because cdd is a case-by-case treatment of pixel sensor cell information, it is slow, heat and electricity consumption. And when cdd has problems, pixels are affected and can only be discarded. Cmos can be shielded in pixels, and a film can still be used.
As a result, cos can save costs in terms of control. Figure 11. Camera module composition, cis is the most critical semiconductor technology in camera parts, making it difficult and profit-making. Camera industry.
It's often divided into lenses, motors (vcm automatic focus), filters, ciss (image sensor) and Isp (image signal processor) to produce and synthesize the five components into cellular photo modules. The cmos image sensors are the most difficult and central part of them. For example, mobile phone cameras are taken. Cellular cameras include lenses, sound loop motors, infrared filters, cmos.
Image sensors, driveics, etc., with the highest cost of coms image sensors, which account for the overall composition of the camera module, which evolves gradually towards high pixels, large sizes, and multi-layer stacking. Smart phone video functions are gradually becoming an important selling point. The high and low size of cis pixels is an important factor influencing image clarity. Consumer demand for high resolution of cell phones drives the cis factory.
In addition to improving the cis pixels, downstream manufacturers continue to work on increasing the cis dimensions. The stacking rolls have reduced the size of the cis chip, while the technical nodes for separating the pixel layer and the logical layer have enabled cis to inherit more functions to satisfy the cell space.
The cis technology has undergone back-to-back replacement, stacking back-to-back replacement and multi-layering, two major technological changes. The traditional front-to-light program, which passes through lenses, colour filters, metal lines, and photovoltaics in turn.
Diodes, due to the interference of the metal layer with light, resulting in low light efficiency, backscoat schemes, the relocation of the metal layer with the light diode, the removal of interference from the metal layer, and the upgrading of light efficiency. The main change in the stacking scheme is to connect the pixel layer with the logic layer, to move the pixel layer from horizontal to vertical, and to significantly increase the size of the pixel layer.
Compared to. The stacking roll, the size of the chip was reduced, and the technical nodes that separate the pixel layer and the logical layer made it possible to inherit more functions. The future cis technology is expected to evolve gradually towards multiple layers of bsi and mixed bsi, meeting the requirements for cellular memory space and video functions.
(ii) Demand-side: The rapid growth of cis cis as a core component of optical applications, driven by multiple photography, intelligent driving, security, etc., and the wide range of market applications. At the demand-side, the demand for high-resolution images, such as HD and mobile technology upgrades, autopilot, security, etc., are all drivers of growth in the cis industry.
Statistics show that the size of the global cis market exceeded $19 billion in 2019, an increase of 22.6 per cent from $15.5 billion in 2018, with yole predicting a global cis market size of $23.84 billion in 2024 and a combined growth rate of around 4.64 per cent in 2019-2024. Based on downstream applications, the main downstream applications of cis are mobile phones, consumption, computers, security, cars, industry, etc.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, smartphones were the largest downstream application of Cis in 2019, accounting for 63.9 per cent, and their share of electronics, automobiles, security, medical care, etc. in his applications was less than 10 per cent.
Figure 12. Size of the global market for cos image sensors (millions of United States dollars)
According to idc, the number of smartphones projected to arrive in 2021 reached 1.49 billion, with a combined growth rate of 3.7 per cent in global smartphones from 2020 to 2024.
A smartphone manufacturer uses photo capabilities as a different location. As mobile phone photo capabilities are upgraded, three and four shots of permeability and penetration are rapidly increasing, with multiple cameras becoming a trend towards smartphone development. According to the China Industrial Information Network, global mobile phone cameras grew by 11.73% by 2020.
High pixels and large image demand drive the average sales price of cellular ciss. According to a study by the mobile phone industry published by Nakamura, the primary focus of the consumption of new machines is on cellular camera performance, which is 32.25%. In addition to pixel upgrades and increases in the number of cameras, the addition of depth cameras to the 2d limit is also the main direction of camera innovation. Pixels sizes have been shrinking in recent years.
Three stars, milligrams, Sony and Howie have used their technology for new products, pushing up the penetration rate of high pixels. Cell phone technology upgrades have also raised the sales price for cis, which is about US$ 0.2 for cellular 1m pixels, US$ 1 for 8m pixels, and US$ 5.5 for 48m pixels. High clearance will drive the average sales price for cell phones.
Price (asp) increases. Figure 16. User demand for different functions of smartphones.
Like head loads and high unit prices for car-car camera modules, the car-mounted cameras are the main visual sensors for adas, and more than 80% of the adas technology uses cameras, such as traffic deviation alerts, crash alerts, emergency brake brakes, traffic markings, etc., to achieve these functions, which require five to eight, or even more, single-car cameras.
Car-borne cameras, because of their complex use environment, are more demanding for reliability indicators such as stability, high temperature, collision resistance, and have a higher unit price than a cell phone camera module. The size of the car-car-car-cis market is wide in the context of high volume prices and is expected to grow from $900 million in 2019 to $1.9 billion in 2023, and the car-cis market is expected to grow in the next five years, based on data from icinsights.
A 20% annual compound acceleration will be maintained, with the highest rate of growth in the sub-market. Figure 18. Cameras required for autopilots are safe to enter the high Qing era, demand for cis products increases, and cis gradually replaces cdd.
There is a growing need to identify and identify plates, as well as a growing need for clarity in image-taking and high-speed mobile object imaging in low-sight environments at night. There is an increased need for biometric certification, low-scenario performance and dynamic imaging, driving the security level of the cis chip technology up. Security cameras are now in the mainstream, moving to 2k/4k, face recognition and object recognition.
The demand for identification rises, and high resolution becomes a necessary trend for development. ccd has gained a lot of applications in the field of security surveillance image sensors with global exposure, high-speed object immobilization, and the use of flash patches. But, with the development of cis technology, its effects have been better and less costly than ccd, so that ccd has basically been achieved in the area of general security camera applications.
According to yole data, the number of anti-cis chips was 100 million in 2016 and is expected to grow to over 320 million in 2022, with a compound rate of 21 per cent.
(iii) At the supply end: with a high concentration, the national product cis is expected to break through the manufacturing chain of the Cis, which is divided mainly into design, surrogates and seal tests, and finally is purchased by the modular plant and sold together. Depending on whether or not there is a crystal mill, the cis chip company can be divided into tablets and idm,
As the design process for the cis chip pixel layer is more demanding for the manufacturing process, leading companies such as Sony and Samsung use the Idm model, while Chinese enterprises such as Howe and Gekkowee use the Fables model. The Fables model facilitates the rapid development of specific products that satisfy the market, while reducing the research and development cycle of the product.
The global cis market is highly concentrated, Sony is the world ' s top cis leader, and the top three market shares are stable. According to China Production and Industry Information Network data, Sony is the leading global cis market leader, accounting for 31 per cent of the market in 2019, three stars and Howie by two and three, with 28 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively, and the top three combined market shares by 75 per cent and market shares by market share.
The market breakdown shows that the smartphone image sensor sector is still at the forefront of Sony, with the city accounting for 44 per cent in the first half of 2020, thanks to Sam's leading position in the global smartphone market, with the city accounting for 32 per cent of the three-star electronic smartphone usage, with Howe ranked third, with the city accounting for 9 per cent.
In 2018, the market was 36% in the global car-ciss sector, and Howie was also more competitive in the car-ciss market, with 22% in the city. The market-market share was more fragmented, with Stewardway, Howie, Sony, and others in 2018.
Figure 24.2018: Share of the security cis market in comparison with figure 23.2019: Share of car cis in comparison to the  Ansommy semiconductor  Howie technology  and others
Global production capacity is strained, and supply and demand gaps provide a good opportunity for domestic rise. With the impact of the epidemic, the supply side of the industry has been hit considerably, supply shortages have broken the market balance previously maintained, and production capacity has become a new key to the cis giants’ competition. In response to the current tightening of production capacity, Sony, Samsung, and Howie have plans to expand production, but adding capacity will take a certain period, and
At present, domestic firms have made a series of breakthroughs in cis design. In 2019, Howie released ov48b, breaking 48m technology, and Weir’s shares officially became the third largest cos firm in the world because of its acquisition of Howie technology; and Gekkowa’s production in 2018.
1.12 million pixel image sensors at the base of 1.12 m, breaking the foreign technology blockade, and completing 16 million pixel cos chip development in 2019; full-time night vision technology entering the security market; 1.3 million pixel-class cmos in the Biadi semiconductor, also in 2018. For surrogates, cis mainly uses mature processes of 40 nm and above, and indigenous sub-plant plants, such as medium-sized ones.
Cricket International, the China Rainbow Semiconductor, has the capacity to produce, and the tightness of the world's cis production can help domestic manufacturers to take their share. Figure 25. Cos' main suppliers' supply capacity, acquisition of Howie, full layout of the cos image sensor track.
(i) Howie is the world’s top three cos supplier, a product-competitive, well-run, and a global top three cos image sensor provider. Howell is the world’s leading image sensor provider, with the global cos city ranking third in 2019. Companies target image sensors, signal processing, optical, and projection.
In technology, high-quality intellectual property rights (ip) have been developed, leading to advances in digital photography in a number of markets, including mobile phones, notebooks/handheld computers, personal computers, cars, security surveillance, medical care, ar, vr, drones and industrial applications.
Goldstone investments were privatized at a price of $900 million. In July 2019, Weir’s shares were purchased against Howie, and Wehr’s shares held 100% of North Kyoto Howell’s shares.
This model, which focuses on research and development, allows Howells to rapidly develop specific products that satisfy the market, while reducing the research and development cycle of the product and reducing the risks. This model of focusing on research and development allows Howie to make a big breakthrough in technology, and Howell is the country’s few leading national producers in the area of 48/64m.
At the same time, Howie focused on technology reserves, insisted on the pre-research and accumulation of low-level technologies, and had a technical layout in the form of rgb-w, rgb-c, and ai, of which rgb-w, and rgb-c were exclusive patents. With 48m in 2019, howell's technology took over 48m and began to reshape the cis industry’s competitive pattern.
In the past, Sony and Samsung were in the first echelons of the chis industry, Howie and Hercules were in the second echelons, and howell was in the first echelons. With the successful launch of the 48-m product of Howie technology, there was a technological breakthrough, moving up to the first echelon, and pulling away from the second echelons, both market occupancy and profitability were given the opportunity to increase significantly.
In February 2020, Howie launched an image sensor of 64 m pixels, ov64c, again competing with Sony's three stars, 64m. Using Howie's PureCelplus chip stacking technology and electronic image stabilization (eis) technology, the sensor can provide high quality to high-end smartphones.
In April 2020, Howie launched an image sensor for 64 m pixels ov64b. ov64b is an image sensor for a 0.7um small pixel with a resolution of up to 64 million, enabling high-end mainstream smartphone designers to design more thinner and carry a cell phone for 64 million pixel high-resolution cameras. In October 2020, Howie launched 64 m pixels.
Image Sensor ov64a. ov64a is the first global base 1.0u64mcis image sensor. The company ' s 64m product is constantly upgraded and its product strength is further enhanced. ov64a ' s 1.0 micro-pixel size can increase sensitivity by more than 60% in comparison with company ov64c.
The launch of a new edition of Howell technology, which captures the smartphone market (ii) is highly synergized, from R & D to marketing to overall corporate competitiveness.
The main clients of Howe-Tech's business are mobile phones, cars, security, medical care, etc., and medical and security advantages are evident and complement Weir's share market channels. In mobile business, both parties have established stable partnerships with major mobile phone manufacturers such as Hua, Mi, and Vivo.
A better binding of their customer needs would allow the sharing of customer resources and help Howell’s sales team to quickly open the market. The distribution and self-researching of products with Timewell is expected to result in a sales model consisting of stockholdings and major clients of Howell Technology, using high-quality customer resources in the areas of automobiles, medical care, security.
Howell's technology has high-end cis design, with 3440 global patents on 31st of the year. Howell's technology can be acquired and re-invested in capital markets, with sufficient funding to support high R & D inputs and further technological empowerment.
In the area of research and development, the participation of Howoway has also strengthened corporate-wide solutions, facilitating more specialized technical support for front-line clients and enhancing core competitiveness.
Howell’s main business includes semiconductor distribution and simulation chip design operations, strong distribution channels and local sales resources, and howell’s acquisition allows him to obtain more market-wide dynamic information, and provides a chip design that is highly responsive to the needs of his customers.
Since 2000, China has developed a series of strategies to support and promote the development of the integrated circuit industry, while China, as a major producer and consumer of electronic terminals, is also an important target market for howell technology. Howway technology can grow through domestic personnel and domestic customers when it is acquired back into the Chinese market.
The matching of resources, such as binding the relationship between the supply of technology and domestic customer demand, has led to a more efficient and robust technical support team on mainland China, providing faster technical support to Chinese end-users and enhancing localization advantages. Customized products have been advanced to better serve domestic customers, relying on domestic markets, and companies have become more profitable.
China is a big smartphone, with a national brand of mobile phones in 2019 accounting for 45% of the global market and strong demand. Domestic mobile phone manufacturers prefer to use optical programmes like three and more.
There is a strong demand from local manufacturers for more value-for-money cis programs. Howell technology relies on domestic customers to raise market shares, and enhances (iii) the benefits of a strong demand and high-end product release, the benefits of a wide range of applications in cis operations such as mobile phones, cars, security, etc., and the drivers of cis demand continue to grow.
The demand for autopilot and safe driving drives the rapid growth of the car ' s market. In a visual-centred security surveillance system, security is the core role. As security-related imaging and quality requirements rise, security applications increase, and markets grow rapidly in the age of customization.
According to Development, the size of the global cis market exceeded $19 billion in 2019, up 22.6 per cent from $15.5 billion in 2018, while yole predicted that the global cis market would reach $23,844 billion in 2024, and that the composite magnification area of 2019-2024, with a corporate localization advantage, was expected to increase in the future.
In December 2020, Weir issued an announcement to raise $2.44 billion for crystalline construction and cosmog sensors, of which $1.3 billion will be used for crystal circle testing and crystal circle re-engineering production line projects (II).
At present, the Crystal Circle Test and Crystal Circle Reconstructing Envelopes are entrusted to a single supplier, with high costs and supply chain stability.
The company's active development of high-pixel products has led to a significant increase in the value of the public sector's single machines at the end. According to yoledevelopment, the average price of the 8m-16m product industry is generally US$ 1-3, and the average price of the 48m-64m product industry is US$ 5.5-9, while the higher pixels are lower.
The roll-out and roll-out of HowieTech 32mp/48mp/64mpcis will effectively improve the company’s product mix, and the roll-out of high pixel products will increase the average sales price of the company’s products. The company’s share of high pixels will increase significantly in 2020, and we expect that the share of Howe 48mp and above will rise to over 40% in 2020.
Designed and distributed in parallel with the installation of optically-screened (i) the expansion of the Department ' s design operations to take advantage of national production as an alternative to good, the Department ' s design operations in terms of tvs, power management ic, mosfet camp with the greatest contribution, other products such as radio frequency chips.
The company's chip design business plates include tvs, poweric, mosfet, radio frequency, Shortki, satellite live chip, among others, tvs (transit suppression of diodes), mosfet and power management ic account for the company's chip design, top three (total about 90%), and in recent years the company has expanded radio frequency, satellite live cores through extended M&As and endogenous R & D.
In recent years, companies have been increasing their research and development inputs, building on years of accumulation and accumulation.
In the field of tvs, companies have taken the lead domestically in developing ultra-low electrostatic protection chips for deep back-scans, and at the technological level. Companies ' mosfet products have gradually moved from consumer-type markets to network and secure markets.
In this area, the company has focused its product development on research and development of high-performance radio-frequency chips, and the samples of its medium- and high-frequency high-efficiency lte-lnaws7931de projects have been tested and have met design expectations. In the area of power management, in the context of ido, the country has taken the lead in developing high-frequency inhibitors compared to ldo, which can be used in ultra-high heights.
The product is becoming more competitive, and there is a great prospect of national substitution. Companies have worked deep within the industry for many years and have a great deal of design experience. Companies in the ldo, tvs field are the first in the country. In the mosfet area, the only one in the country to provide a full range of lithium electricity.
As far as clients are concerned, the company’s products are certified by more than 200 subscribers, such as the Connected Group, Mi and Hae-shin. Products such as tvs, mosfet, power source, etc. are currently dominated by major foreign factories such as British Flying and Ngi-Pu, and many of the company’s core technologies in the field of tvs are at the top of international standards and have cost, customer and service advantages.
Table 10. Corporate semiconductor designs, the main competitor, is expected to continue to rise in the larger context of national production substitution, and we project operating revenues from other company designs in 2020 at $1.221 billion, an increase of 28.00 per cent from 2019.
(ii) Technology-based distribution, in coordination with design operations, to promote sound business development. Technology-based distribution. Products cover the areas of consumer electronics, vehicle-borne electronics, security surveillance, etc. The semiconductor distribution industry is dominated by subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Beijing, Beijing, Shenzhen-King-Hyun-Hyung-hye, Su-Hing Hong-hyung-hyuk and Shenzhen-Hyung-hyung-hyun Logistics.
The company uses technology-based distribution, has a high-level team of on-site technical support engineers, and can offer product response programmes based on a well-understood understanding of the proxy plant’s products, based on the needs of downstream customers ... to help the factory quickly import the products ... and to provide viable designs based on the needs of the end-user.
The distribution network covers the entire country and continues to be a leader. The company’s distribution network covers the whole country, with major agents and sales of Guangbao, Khun Gon, South Asia, Matsumoto, Molex, avx, Jiangpolong, Litepoint, Taiwan Crystal, Titan, Samsung, etc.
The company’s semiconductor distribution business will benefit from the growth in global semiconductor demand.
The world’s second largest mlcc supplier, the giant, is the world’s third largest mlcc supplier and the world’s largest transistor; and Washington, D.C., is the world’s largest transistor. The supply side is strained by delays in the start-up of plants and slow recovery of crop rates due to the effects of the epidemic. At the demand side, as demand increases for new energy vehicles and mobile phones like 5g, the demand for passive components increases.
In the supply-demand context, the passive component is expected to maintain the upward trend in prices. On the supply side, 8 inches upstream, crystal mills are underperforming, demand-side fingerprint recognition and the demand for smart equipment mcu are expected to increase, and supply-and-demand forces are expected to drive the price increase in separate devices. Companies, as important distributors, will fully benefit from the rapid growth in downstream semiconductor demand.
Designs and distributions are developed in synergy to better serve customers, while at the same time providing access to marketing channels. The company’s distribution business and design business can complement each other to better meet the needs of downstream customers.
Households provide better solutions and professional guidance to enhance customer stickyness and sustain robust business development. We anticipate the acquisition of semiconductor distribution operations and Māori (iii) the acquisition of tddi operations for synaptics, and the laying down of optical fields.
tddi's tddi business, which was acquired in April 2020 with $120 million for synaptics' touch and display drive (tddi), is the current medium screen solution for lcd, such as smartphones. synaptic contacts and display drive integration (tddi) improved the design of the monitors and enhanced their manufacturingability by tddi.
With a fully embedded design, tddi provides display layers, superior contact control, lower costs, reduced energy consumption, shorter listing times, and better reliability. The scale of fingerprint recognition applications on screen has expanded significantly, with global tddi shipments growing faster.
As a result of the influence on the appearance of mobile phones, the ratio of traditional capacitor fingerprint recognition on mobile phones has declined rapidly in recent years, and the ratio of fingerprint recognition on screens has been rising. According to Trendforce, the ratio of fingerprint recognition on screens in 2018 was only 4 per cent, rising to 23 per cent in 2019, and is expected to reach 50 per cent by 2022.
Identification will be the key to fingerprint identification. Cinnoresearch predicts that the number of cell phones that will unlock under the global support screen will reach 1.26 billion in 2024, corresponding to 89% in 2019-2024 cagr. Global tddi chip output will also show a steady increase with the increase in the profile of fingerprints under the screen.
The volume of shipments was 1.150 billion, an increase of 26.21 per cent in 2019 and a composite growth rate of 12.20 per cent in 2019-2024, compared with 2019, and figure 33. Global tddi chip output (billions) tddi operations developed in tandem with cis products, benefiting from national substitution, and tddi operations are expected to grow faster.
After the company's acquisition, the tddi business developed in synergy with Howe's product, effectively pushing up the company's ratio ofasp to Maori, and the cis business and tddi business are expected to launch a screen-based optical integration program, and the company is expected to continue to break through the screen. The US trading environment has deteriorated in the last two years, domestic end-users have actively sought to replace national products, and synaptics has been exposed to performance as a United States-owned company.
The company’s acquisition of the tddi business is expected to increase rapidly, taking advantage of the firm’s deep partnership with its end-users. We expect that in 2020, the company tddi will benefit from the trend of national production of the cis, with the company’s product upgrading, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to improve continuously.
With the successful integration of Howie and Spico, the future will benefit in depth from the fast-growing trend of substitute markets for domestic production. Moreover, with the strong synergy between new and old corporate business, increased R & D investment has accelerated the upgrading of corporate products, and high-pixels, big-face products, such as Howie 32mp/48mp/64mp, are beginning to grow, and we expect to improve the structure of corporate products effectively.
The company’s mobile phone cis business is expected to increase, benefiting from trends in cellular overdoses, high pixels, large graphics, and so on. According to idc, the growth rate is projected to be 1.49 billion smartphones worldwide in 2024, with a combined growth rate of 3.65% of global smartphones arriving between 2020 and 2024.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, global sales of mobile phone cameras will increase from 1,824 million annual sales to 4,430 million between 2012 and 2020, with a composite growth rate of 11.73 per cent between 2012 and 2020. Multi-cam upgrades and high-pixel photography have become one of the main directions in the current upgrading of mobile phones, with the number of cis sensors and unit prices in mobile phones.
Cars are expected to be another major growth point in cis operations, benefiting from the trend of car electricization and intelligence. According to icinsights, the size of the car cis market is expected to grow from $900 million in 2019 to $1.9 billion in 2023, and the car cis market will maintain a 20% annual compound growth rate over the next five years.
Sensors, demand is growing rapidly. As autopilots penetrate, car cis demand is expected to increase, and companies are expected to increase their demand for cis chips as security moves into the era of elucidation. Security cameras are increasing their demand for face recognition and license plates and other needs, driving security level cis chip technology up.
ccd is even better and less costly, so the replacement of ccd in general security camera applications is largely achieved, and the demand for cis chips in security is rising. According to yole, the use of cis chips is 100 million in 2016, and is expected to grow to over 320 million by 2022, with a 21% compound increase.
With the benefits of rapid growth in industries such as 5g, artificial intelligence, motor electronics, etc., companies are expected to maintain rapid growth in semiconductor designs other than cis. With the benefits of a trend in national production substitution and rapid growth in industries such as 5g, artificial intelligence, automobile electronics, public tvs, mosfet, poweric, radio frequency, and Shortki, etc., companies are expected to maintain faster growth in semiconductor design operations.
Research and development inputs have evolved into core corporate technologies, product performance is internationally advanced, value for money is high, and there is domestic leadership in the fields of tddi, simulation, radio frequency, etc. Global semiconductor supply is currently tight, domestic component self-sufficiency is low, semiconductor demand is strong, and corporate semiconductor design has wide scope for growth.
Based on the above, we expect a growth rate of semiconductor design operations in 2020-2022, with the exception of Chis, where domestic semiconductor demand is strong, opening up opportunities for growth in the company semiconductor distribution business. The company distribution network covers the whole country, with major agents and sales of Guangbao, Khunkun, South Asia, Matsumoto, Molex, avx, Jiang Bolong, Litepoint, Taiwan Crystal, Taiwan.
Based on the products of dozens of well-known domestic and foreign semiconductor producers. With years of accumulation and deep farming, companies have excellent distribution networks and supply chain systems, and the company’s distribution business, which is at the forefront of the industry, is expected to remain at the forefront in the future.
The use of fingerprints on screens is widespread, domestic terminals are actively looking for alternatives to domestically produced products, and the company's tddi business is growing. According to Trendforce, the fingerprint recognition was only 4% in 2018, rising to 23% in 2019, and is expected to reach 50% in 2022. The spread of fingerprinting on screens has led to an increase in the global delivery of tddi, according to frost&sullivan
The main business of the Wehr shares is the development of the coms image sensor chip, and given that the main competitor in this field is an offshore firm, the average annual market surplus of 98.5/69,51.6 times the average of the leading firms in the domestic listings that choose different areas of chip design as Weir shares is 98.5/69,51.6 times the average.
We use the fcff model for the valuation of Weir shares. Assuming a constant growth rate of 3.0%, no risk rate - 10 Weir shares as a leading company in the field of ciss, stable, integrated and powerful. Benefiting from multiple camera development and manual upgrades, autopilot system development, and security field demand for high-resolution images, company cos image sensors.
The company’s design and distribution business go hand in hand, highlighting the company’s platform’s advantages. The company’s chip design business includes tddi,
tvs, tvs, poweric, mosfet, radio frequency, Shortki, satellite live chip, etc., with domestic leadership in the fields of tddi, simulation, radio frequency, etc., distribution is dominated by technology distribution, well-developed distribution networks and supply chain systems, and companies are among the leading players in the industry.
The tddi business of synaptics, which is in the optical field under the layout, is well integrated. There are high synergies between corporate design and distribution, which promote growing corporate business, growing space for growth, and the Matthew effect, which offers future opportunities to become a platform-type semi-downstream with less demand than expected, and new company products and projects less advanced than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
China’s Academy of Sciences has a doctorate in engineering, a master’s degree in engineering at Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in economics at the People’s University of China, and a bachelor’s degree in engineering at Tianjin University. Joined the China Galaxy Certificate Institute in 2018, mainly in electronics and science and technology.