Weir shares (603501): Triple power boosts, chis taps accelerate rises, Weir shares.
Well shares are the world’s leading chip designers, and image sensors cis is the company’s current core business, which is mainly involved in semiconductor product design and distribution.
The main products include cos image sensors, touch control, and growth, which are the most important drivers. We believe that companies will benefit fully in the future from the spatial growth of the cis industry.
and pattern optimization, with three-fold multipliers for incremental, price increases and precipitation: radio frequency devices and semiconductor products such as ic, mems microphone sensors, while companies also engage in passive devices, structural devices.
Increment: The three main trends of smartphone overtaking, auto-drive, and anti-upgrading are widening the space for distribution of semiconductor products such as cis, separation devices, and ic. Meanwhile, the future cis industry will be characterized by a three-pronged competition that will be successfully developed.
The company’s semiconductor separation devices and power management are expected to reshape the competitive patterns of 48m and 64m products, challenging Sony’s and Samsung’s market position. The market is more competitive, and the subsidiary Howie is more competitive.
Technology is the supply of the world's top three cmos image sensors, and the price increases: Howell has managed to produce more than 48 m of high-end products through technology breakthroughs. As a result of high-performance cis-based stacking techniques, there has been a significant increase in the amount of crystal rounding required for manufacturing: 8 inch capacity is currently tight and short-term.
It is difficult to mitigate, the surrogate costs increase, and howell shorts are expected to benefit fully from sustained price increases. Subtract: In the medium and long term, the country’s 8-inch line production is abundant, and companies will benefit fully from the national production of chips to reduce the surrogate costs; companies are also building their own closed production lines by issuing funds to raise funds that can be transferred.
Moving away from dependence on downstream containment plants, manufacturing costs are expected to decrease further. With the company’s ps valuation, it is expected that the company’s operations associated with semiconductor design will fall short of expectations in 2021, and that the company’s build-up of production lines will fall short of expectations.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery.
Well shares are one of the leading companies in the country in chip design, with three brands under the flag of Howie Technologies, Weir Semiconductor and Spico, as well as its own distribution channels, providing image-borne solutions, touching solutions, power management and interface management solutions, and products that are widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, automobile electronics, security and medical care.
In 2019, the company acquired the world’s third-largest cmos image sensor (cis) technology, and completed and completed its work, successfully cutting into the cis track, with the company expanding its operations to high-end semiconductor design industry through continuous in- and out-of-life growth.
With good integration and operation, the company’s performance has grown across the board, successfully joining the global chip design public equity structure is concentrated and stable, with 32.36% of the shares held directly by the actual controller, founder, and founder, Yin Yung. As of the third quarter of 2020, the company’s real controller, Mr. Yin, held 32.36% directly and through the indirect shareholding of 9.36% by Schochen Weihouse, the equity structure was more centralized.
Since the third quarter of 2019, there has been no change in the proportion of people in real control and in the share held by Shao Heung Wei-ho, the source of financial and intellectual excellence in the East, the company's excellent performance, and a huge increase in revenue and net profits. In 2019, the company achieved business income of 13,632 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
244%; the net return to the mother was 466 million yuan, an increase of 235% over the same year, mainly due to the company’s completion of the merger of Howe Tech on 30 August 2019. The acquisition was a merger of enterprises under the same control, and after retroactive adjustment of the 2018 statements, the company’s growth in revenue and net profits in 2019 was 41% and 221%, respectively, still showing a higher rate of increase.
From a quarterly point of view, 20q4 companies achieved a single-quarter return of net profit of 723 to 1,223 million yuan, representing an increase of 179 per cent over the same period and a 25 per cent increase in the ring, at a median value of 923 million yuan, maintaining a high rate of growth.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori (Māori) in the first three quarters of 2020 is at an all-time high. Figure 6: Level of Māori (Māori) in company operations. 2.cis is critical for cameras.
The image sensor cis is the core component of the optical camera, and its importance is reflected in the fact that it determines to a large extent the final quality of the photograph taken. The basic principle of the optical camera is that: "The image light is congregated through the optical system (the lens module) to the cis surface and transformed into a digital image signal by adc (module conversion) and then sent to the digital signal.
Processing the chip (dsp) and eventually generating a complete image. In this process, the cis receives the light and converts the light signal into a telecom, the better the cis senses, the more light signals are captured, the lower the albino ratio, and the better the imaging effect. So the cis largely determines the final quality of optical camera photographs.
Cis has the highest value in optical camera modules. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, mobile camera components consist mainly of mirror headers, infrared filters, audio-circles, image sensors, cis, module encapsulation, etc., of which cis accounts for 52% of the value and is the most valuable component of the mobile camera.
Figure 7: Camera module structure, Figure 8: Diagram of Cis Structure, Figure 9: 52% value of cellular camera module
Table 3: The links and profitability of the camera industry The future upgrade of the cell phone camera still depends on the advances of the cis. The high pixels, high resolution, high frame rates and excellent nighttime features of the cell phone camera are still at the core of the future mobile phone sales and important upgrades, all of which require a corresponding rise in the cis.
At the same time, there are high barriers to cis’s R & D and manufacturing: the cis chip design is complex and requires technological accumulation and a stronger R & D capability.
In addition to the technology level, the accumulated experience of the manufacturers is important. Cis is not just a standard product for one type of performance, but for points.
There is a combination of recognition, anti-reverse light performance, and stability. And cis products need to match the product orientation of the terminal, which requires rapid design and customization of the cis manufacturer.
This is a short-term barrier that the latecomers will not be able to overcome, with significant initial advantages. The source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, therefore, makes it difficult for new entrants to complete technology accumulation and build product lines in the short term.
Based on the importance and high industry barriers, Cis is now one of the most important and high-quality tracks in the optical camera field.
According to frost&sullivan, the global cis market volume is 6.36 billion, with a market size of $166.4 billion, an increase of 21.4 per cent from 2018 and an average annual compound growth rate of 16.5 per cent compared to 2012. Thanks to the drive of downstream applications such as smart handsets, automobiles, electronics, etc., it is expected that the global cos image sensor market will continue to grow at a higher rate in the future, until 2024.
Global shipments reach 9.11 billion and the market size will reach $23.840 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 7.5 per cent. Mobile phones are currently the main application area for cis. Other major downstream applications include flatboard computers, laptops, other electronic consumption terminals, as well as car electronics, security surveillance equipment, medical imagery.
The sales of mobile phones account for 73.0% of the world’s market share, and tablets, laptops, etc., account for 8.7% of the world’s market share.
With the benefit of a 5g mobile phone switch and a higher penetration rate, the number of smartphones is expected to continue to increase. (1) Outloads: 5g is delayed, smartphones are expected to bounce back, affected by the new crown epidemic, the global mobile phone switch has not yet released enough power, and smartphone sales are expected to increase by 10 per cent in 2021.
By the end of the 2019s, the market predicted that global smartphone sales, driven by 5g technology, were expected to rebound in 2020, ending the three-year decline in global smartphone sales. But the emergence of the new crown had a huge impact on the supply and demand side of smartphones. As the epidemic gradually improved and became manageable, the world’s suppressed demand for a switch would be released, with reference to the frost&sullivan.
The impact of the epidemic has been significantly reduced. According to the global sales of cell phones published by Courtpoint in the third quarter of 2020, the top 10 mobile phone manufacturers, China’s only one, have experienced a drop in the ring, and the rest of the major manufacturers have recovered significantly.
The impact of the situation on global mobile phones, both in terms of supply and demand, has been significantly reduced. Eastern financial and intellectual sources (2) Multi-polar penetration: more pictograms, directly driven by an increase in the number of ciss
A single camera is difficult to meet multiple demands, and multiple cameras are inevitable. The light structure of a mobile phone makes it difficult to use complex mirror groups and largely high-performance structures on its board.
According to frost&sullivan, there is a rising trend in the global penetration rate of two and more after smartphones. Since the start of 2015, the penetration rate of the back-photo smartphones has peaked in 2018, at 40.0%.
Smart phones are gradually becoming the market mainstream, and it is expected that by 2024, the combined penetration rate of both and multiple smartphones will have reached 98.0%. At the same time, the average number of cameras on single smartphones rose from 2.0 in 2015 to 3.4 in 2019.
The increase in the number of smartphone cameras has directly contributed to the rise in demand in the cis market. The trend of multiple intakes has injected strong development energy into the cis market, which is expected to grow at a remarkable rate of growth in the high dry cellular market.
3.1.2 Cars: Autopilot still needs to rely on optical cameras adas (advanced driving aids) to rely on optical cameras.
Comfortable and safe support systems. The optical cameras are an important part of the visual system that can be used for auto-emergency brakes, auto-drives, video rearviews, 360-degree loops, and driver monitoring.
When a vehicle reaches class I4 or I5 autopilot, the need for cameras is mainly reflected in these aspects: previously required 1 to 3, mainly 1 for high-end vehicles or vehicles with more advanced autopilot functions, which may require 3; lateral perception, 2 to 4; backward perception, 1 to 4; quadrants and apa (automatic parking support system), 4 to 2; insider monitoring, which may require 1 to 2; and in the future, 1 to 1
Cameras understand the condition of the passengers, including whether there are any problems after they get out of the car; in accordance with national regulations, cars must be strong starting in 2021.
The mainstream programme Teslaautopilot is currently equipped with eight cameras, including three front cameras, two side front cameras, two side camera cameras, and one back camera. The number of cameras has been raised to 11 by the launch of the new car ET7 on 9 January. In the future, the need for a vehicle camera will increase rapidly as the driving support system becomes more widely available and autopilot technology develops.
It is estimated that the car-mounted cis market will reach about $8 billion by 2022, and the car market will be the second largest area of cis applications after cell phones. 3.1.3 Affordability: Affordability, driven by a network of things, is not changing, and applications are shifting from large public areas to households. As the network and intelligent homes are falling and spreading, security is moving from the traditional public domain.
Intelligent households, such as smart surveillance, smart doorbells, smart refrigerators, etc., are also being installed on cameras, and family surveillance/security systems are on the ground. Demand for security will continue to rise, and the demand for cis will rise simultaneously.
The mobile camera used to be a preponderant monopoly between Sony and Samsung. According to Yole, Sony and Samsung have held over 60% of the world ' s ciss markets from 2016 to the present, and the third-ranked Hoyoshi has a less than 15% share, and the industry has played a rival role. The main reason for this pattern is that similar to the simulation chip, the performance of the cis product does not depend solely on the skill level of the manufacturer.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East also plays a very important role in the process. Sony and Samsung are Idm manufacturers, have their own chip-making plants, accumulate technology and grind the process constantly, and the two giants continue to take the initiative in the competition.
Two giants have also taken the lead in patenting. From the patent distribution of the Cis by techinsights, it can be seen that Sony and the Three Stars are the first two patents, and that the two manufacturers are the most intensive in the core technical layouts of analogue circuits (analogs), digital circuits (digitals) and manufacturing-related (pixels, matricials) and have established a lead on patents.
No subversive innovation has taken place today, so the pre-emptive advantage of head producers has become more apparent. Figure 22: Patent preferences of mainstream cis manufacturers, but with the privatization of Howe-Technology and the acquisition of Will's shares, there has been a change in the pattern of competition in the industry, which is expected to change from two rivals to three.
Three main reasons are expected to help Howie-Tech get into the first ladder: Sony’s cis is gradually becoming a bottleneck in his own 55 nm or so traditional process. Sony needs to use a more advanced 40-28 nm process, and must be replaced by a high-end process manufacturer like a power plant.
The technological barriers to the growth of Eastern wealth and wisdom are no longer inexorable. However, the kind of Idm factory in Sony, in order to prevent the leakage of the details of its own process, does not leave all of the process to power generation, which in some way slows down its progress to a pure design like Howie Technologies.
There is a certain amount of power available to work closely with the Crystal Circle plant, such as Howe Tech and Wuhan New Hing, Gkowa and Samsung and Middle Hing International. The Fables company has gradually reduced its work on the process by working at a deeper level with the surrogates.
Howell's technology has made a breakthrough, with 48m and 64mcis design capabilities. Howie's technology, which broke through 48 million pixels (48m) in 2019, marks howhowie's official breakthrough of the high pixel threshold, and means that Howiecis is expected to be the host of the top-of-the-mainstream manufacturers.
The 48m program will also be the mainstream program for the future middle-end models of mobile phone manufacturers, with frost&sullivan predicting that the level of pixel cis will reach 600 million in 2024, compared to 200 million in 2019, with an annual compound increase of 97.4 per cent, and howwell will not be able to live up to the expectations of the first global release of 0.7 microns of 64 mcis in April 2020, marking the first stage of design capacity.
Team. In line with the level of surrogates such as power supply, we believe that Howie's current product levels are almost at the same level as Samsung, with a gap of one to two years with Sony, who already has the strength to challenge Sony and Sams, and that the future smartphone cos market will be a three-pronged pattern.
The national production replacement is going on quietly, and the home-made mobile phone company has placed full trust in Howie. For a long time, the high-end mobile phone market has been occupied by Sony and Samsung, and many home-grown mobile phones and oem manufacturers have been looking for high-value alternatives to national production. After Howie offered 48m, Mi took the lead in putting Howie ' s 48mcis on the main video of the 10th to Your Majesty ' s commemorative and youth editions.
More home-grown mobile operators will follow up, and Howecis is on the verge of a breakthrough.
In the area of car cis, the city of Ansomé is over 60% and Howie 20%. Ansomy is an old semiconductor giant, originally operating in separate devices and power source chips, etc., which quickly cut into the car cis and expanded the product lines by integrating and buying cypress cis, truesenseimaging (the front of Koda's video department) and aptina imagining (from the memory giants of beauty) and equipment manufacturers.
Howell is also a deep-farm car for years, producing the first vehicle image sensor in 2005. He is also developing and making progress in the area of car law, producing the first generation of big pixels in 2009, producing the first generation of deep-view technologies in 2018, and now owns 20% of the market share.
In addition to the higher requirements for stability and so on, car cis also has very high requirements for high dynamic ranges and inhibition of led flash performance. Cis is similar to other semiconductor products, and the requirements for stability and failure rates are much higher than those for consumption. In addition to the general requirements mentioned above, car ciss has been used because of its use.
The harshness of the scene, as well as the high demand for high-dynamic ranges and the inhibition of led flash performance, both of which often coincide: The high-dynamic range (hdr) performance refers to the need for cameras to be able to display both high-light (e.g., streetlight sources) and low-light components (e.g., pedestrians who are not exposed to streetlights) to obtain enough images in a complex light scene, such as nighttime, in and out of tunnels.
Leed flashes mean that when the camera is aimed at the light source, the video scintillation, and the failure to capture the light source accurately, is not a problem for the human eye, but for the human eye.
Captured by cis, resulting in sensor recognition errors. Figure 27: High dynamic ranges open up contrast maps before and after, achieving a high dynamic range of two main types of ideas, namely, multiple and different photos synthesising and increased exposure to original pixels, and multiple photos synthesising can
It is divided into time-reuse and space-reuse: (1) time-recycling, i.e. combining multiple photographs of different degrees of exposure over time, synthesizing the precise parts of each photograph exposed to the light, and obtaining a higher overall dynamic range. (2) space-reuse, i.e. integrating the size of pixels on the cis, while capturing multiple photos of different exposure levels, integrating them into a higher overall dynamic range. (3) increasing the exposure of individual pixels, leading to one-time exposure.
On the basis of the accumulation of technology in consumer electronics, Sony and Howie are expected to impact on Ansomy’s leadership. Ansomy is currently using a program to increase capacity. And Sony, based on his own powerful video technology, combines these principles, bringing together the advantages of the three options and achieving each other.
According to Sony’s description, this three-in-one program has a dynamic extension of >45db, which works better than the 20~40db and 20db boost-up-capacity options of the big and small pixel integration program. Sony is able to achieve this complex technological convergence because of his mastery of small pixel design in smartphone cis.
So, we believe that the future of Sony and Howie is expected to hit Ansommy’s leadership, and that it will be more price-effective, as well as that of the same deep-farmed car Chis, which has been in power for many years, and that the city will take over.
4. Triple-driven price increases: product high-endness and energy stress lead to a price increase logic, and we believe that Howe's future cis monolithic volume is expected to increase, and companies have a price increase logic:
(1) High pixels remain the trend of smartphone scissor development, with Howie successfully high-end, higher product value, high-pixel is an important selling point for smartphone cameras, and where light is abundant, the high and low levels of cis pixels are one of the key factors influencing the clarity of camera imaging. The medium and high-end models in the mainstream of the Andre camp have now upgraded the master pixels to over 48 million, Mi and Mi.
Some of the three-star flagship models use even 100 million pixel sensors. Consumers’ demand for high resolution of cellular photos also drives downstream manufacturers to continue their efforts towards high pixels. 48m cameras have even gradually infiltrated the kilometers. 48m/64m product exports mark the completion of high-end layouts for Howie, optimized product structure, and product prices will continue to increase.
Industrial research, with a single price of $5-6 per product in the area of mobile phones, 32 m per unit for medium-end products, and an increase of nearly 20 per cent in the price of 48m compared to 32m. (2) An increase in the size of the cis will also significantly improve the performance of the camera, and the large size of the cis will significantly increase the cost of the crystal round, leading to an increase in the price of the product.
In addition to pixels, increasing the size of the cis will also significantly improve the performance of the camera, especially the high dynamic range and weak light performance. The main task of the cis is to receive light, the larger the size of the cis, the better the sensitivity and image quality. Smart hands, from the beginning of 1/3.4 inches, 1/2.8 inches, will gradually rise to the current maximum levels of 1.13 inches, 1.1.28 inches, etc.
The increase in the area of the cis also leads to an increase in the cost of crystal circle during manufacture. As a result of the increased size of individual chips, the number of single crystals that can be cut out decreased, and the cost of single pieces increased. For example, 1.18 inches of cis is five times the size of a quarter, and the amount of 300 mm crystal round required to produce the same amount of cis of 1 1.8 inches is about five times the size of a quarter.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources (3) High performance cis uses multi-storey stacking structures, with crystal circle usage multiplying. When traditional ciss is made, the manufacturing process is at the same time that the pixel and circuit regions are eroded on a single silicon.
But the area of pixels still needs to follow the traditional 65nm process, which makes it difficult to make two different processes on a silicon. The idea of stacking cmos emerged, putting the area of pixels on a silicon, using a 65nm process and processing circuits.
On the other silicon, the problem of disharmony is solved by using an advanced process, which then folds them into two layers of structure. The stacking cos process directly doubles the amount of crystal round use required for manufacturing, and the cost increases considerably.
To increase the speed of data reading, this has also led to a doubling of the use of the cis crystal circle. (4) cis-manufacturing capacity is tight, and supply and demand gaps have led to price increases.
On 14 January 2021, the media reported that omdia reported a severe shortage of 5 million and 8 million pixels applied to medium- and low-end mobile phones. Samsung has raised its price by 40% since December 2020, while other cis suppliers have increased their price by about 20%.
Some of the dram production is modified for the production of cis. We believe that the supply and demand imbalances of cis are difficult to mitigate in the short term, as power devices, analogues, power management chips, cis, fingerprint identification chips, display drive, etc., are expected to continue to increase prices as a result of a combination of multiple demands, such as the build-up rate of the crystal-round plant, the accumulation of 5 g chips, car electricity, etc.
5. The three-fold power drop: the long-term growth of the continental crystallization plant is expected to reduce the cost of surrogates and the cost advantages of the cis manufacturing process are no longer apparent for the middle- and high-end Idm producers. As noted earlier, the traditional 55nm process is already under way.
After failing to meet the current demand for cutting-edge cis products, a large number of products need to use 40 nm or even 28 nm processes, and Idm manufacturers like Sony have to spend a great deal of capital on the construction of new lines. We believe that Idm manufacturers will be more likely to seek to work with surrogate plants like Howe’s canss, whose cost advantages are no longer apparent on medium- and high-end products.
According to Semi, there were 62 crystal-crystal plants under construction and planned for the period 2017-2020, of which 26 were located on the mainland, accounting for about 42%. According to icinsights, China had 13.9% of the global crystal-crystal capacity by the end of 2019, and it also predicted that the continental crystal-crystal capacity growth rate between 2020 and 2024 would lead the world.
In the long run, the State’s tendency to support domestic chip firms is not changing, and Howie is expected to continue to reduce manufacturing costs through national production on behalf of the industry. The source of Eastern financial and resource growth, which can be transferred, is expected to reduce the cost of the production line.
Pilot and Crystal Circle Reconstructing Production Lines Project (phase II) and cos image sensors have been upgraded. The current triangulation test of Howie Technologies and crystal-crystal reconstructing operations have been processed outside the Commission and are single suppliers, resulting in potential problems and risks, including high external processing costs, high logistics costs, long delivery periods, long feedback and processing cycles, and the risk of vendor instability. According to Howie in Beijing, the cost of cis sealing products accounts for the total risk of vendor instability.
More than 15% of the cost. After this project is put into operation, HowieTech will conduct his own crystal-crystal tests and crystal-reassemble envelopes for high-pixel image display chips, plus the source of financial growth in the East.
In April 2020, Weir announced that it would buy tddi operations in Asia under synaptics for $120 million. In 2019, the business earned $322.85 million, or 21.93 per cent of the total synaptics.
The size of the outer edge of the panel can be effectively reduced, consistent with future trends in high-screen ratios. According to frost&sullvan, since the tddi chip first appeared in 2015, its output has risen rapidly from 40 million to 520 million in 2019. In the future, other electronic devices that are replaced by electronic vehicle-borne devices will also be widely used as tddi chips, driving the market to maintain a high growth rate of around 20%.
This acquisition has enabled Weir’s shares to match the short slates in the field of contact control, and the future of tddi is expected to be combined with the technology of the company’s dominant product, Cis, which will enable the company to move further into the fields of fingerprinting, screen camera, etc. Figure 35: Global tddi chip delivery
Figure 36: Mobile phone tddi’s global market share in 2019 Distribution is a company’s traditional business, with revenues associated with the semiconductor industry’s landscape. According to the company’s debt-transferable instructions, the company distributes products that include passive items (including resistance, capacitors, electricity, etc.), structural devices, split devices and semiconductor products such as ic, which were distributed to mainland China in 2019.
The electronic component distribution business is more relevant to the semiconductor industry, which we believe will continue to be high, driven by new applications such as 5g, smart cars, and the company’s distribution business will continue to grow robustly. The demand for passive and stand-alone components is strong, prices are high, and companies are expected to benefit as distributors.
In the short term, it will take some time to build the product line and climb it. The supply-demand imbalance is difficult to mitigate, and companies, as distributors, are revenue regulations.
We believe that, as the third-largest producer of the global market, the Wire shares (HoweTech) are expected to build on the evolution of industry patterns and innovation in their own technologies, and on the triple power of price increases, increment and precipitation, continuing breakthroughs in the three downstream directions of consumer electronics, automobiles, and security. The company is focusing its business on the cos, integrating the technical capabilities of mobile phones, cars, and secure three types of cis products, pushing outward for separate device design, tddi cores.
The multi-business mix of film and semiconductor distribution is expected to achieve higher expectations in terms of performance and profitability. The way East’s financial and intellectual booms are valued, the company’s business associated with semiconductor design is expected to collect $23,436 million in 2021, based on comparative firm estimates for prudent considerations.
The resurgence of the epidemic has caused the global economy to fall short of expectations; the construction of 5g infrastructure is not as fast as expected; and the construction of the company’s revenue lines is not as fast as possible.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Weir shares, 603501: Three power boosts, chis rises faster, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom flourishes.
Mr. Chen Woo-chul, research assistant.
Master of Finance, University of Shandong, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, Master of Industrial Sciences, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the China-China Nuclear Group, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.