1q22 net profit from motherhood increased by 44 per cent; profitability continued to increase 08/05/2022: Recently, companies issued a performance announcement for the 2022 I Quarterly. 1q22 generated 2.35 billion yuan.
\triangleright yoy + 19.6%; net parent profit 200 million, yoy +44.4%; net parent profit deductions 150 million, profit margins slightly increased and R & D inputs increased.
The lower cost of the same period indicates a significant improvement in the control of corporate costs; the higher cost of product R & D indicates a focus on technological accumulation or new products and new technologies.
YOON Hsing Wei's accounts receivable and notes increased by 10.7 per cent from the beginning of the year.
Euros, mainly due to a decrease of $810 million in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services during the current period compared with the same period last year. \triangleright achieved $8.65 billion in revenue from the sale of aviation products in 2021, representing 87.9 per cent of total revenue and an increase in sales on the same basis.
1. China Air Electronics (600372.sz) 2021 report on joint trading points: annual increases in profitability; continuous increases over five years, which provide a strong indication of the company ' s focus on aviation product owners, with robust growth in performance.
Investment proposals: The company is the lead company in the country's aviation equipment and electricity system, which covers the three main areas of defence aviation, civil aviation, advanced manufacturing, or will continue to benefit from the high demand for the upgrading of aviation equipment, the increase in the national production of air and electricity systems, and the development of the civilian air market. We expect the company to return to the home economy in 2022-2024.
Pe is 33x/28x/23x. We maintain a prudential recommended rating, taking into account the continuing high profile of the industry and the centrality of the company in the chain of industry.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.