(c) Events: Company issues a reorganization plan: the company proposes to issue a stock exchange to absorb the combined Chinese air power;
The company is the platform for the professional integration and industrialization of the electronic systems under the umbrella of the aviation industry, and is the country's leading air power system dragon.
Head enterprise. The docked Chinese aircraft is the platform for the professionalization and industrialization of the aeronautical systems under the umbrella of the aviation industry, and the leading industrial company in the country.
• First, this sucking and restructuring is a major experiment in the domestic aviation field, and when the reorganization is completed, the company will become the central platform for listing the airborne plates. Second, this sucking and restructuring will help optimize the industrial layout of the airborne plates, through a dedicated vehicle.
Industrial integration, better coordination of technology, people, supply chains, customers, etc., and the ability to synergize and scale effects significantly enhance the firm’s core competitiveness. And, again, this sucking and restructuring is in line with the global systematization, integration, intelligence of the aviation industry.
The benchmark date for this exchange of shares is the announcement date for the first board resolution to absorb the merger.
The share exchange price for China Air Electronics is the average price of transactions for 120 trading days before the base date, the share exchange price for China Aircraft and Electricity is the average price of transactions for 120 trading days prior to the base date, and the share exchange ratio for China Air and China Electronics is 1:0.6605, i.e., every 1 unit of air traffic.
Shares can be exchanged for 0.6605 shares of Chinese air electronics. Since the total stock of Chinese air power is about 3,884 million shares, the Chinese air power absorbs 300 per cent of this stock exchange by reference to this ratio.
• The China-China electronic cut-off date is valued at $20.6; according to the exchange rate, the share price is approximately $13.61, while the China-China cut-off date is valued at $11.22, with arbitrage, and several subsidiaries under the real control have been involved in the build-up, demonstrating confidence in the company's future development.
Under this scheme, the company plans to provide $5 billion in financing to supplement the liquidity and debt servicing of the consolidated companies, to pay the taxes and agency fees associated with the transaction, and to invest in aviation, China and China, as well as several subsidiaries under the umbrella of the major shareholder, the Air Corps and the Real Control.
Flight and aviation industries combined proposed 1.16 billion, or 23.2%, for a fixed period of 18 months. We believe that the participation of major shareholders and multiple brother units in the price increases (non-lock prices) underscores the group’s recognition of the company’s current market value and confidence in its future development.
• Mobilizing funds helps companies to improve their operating cash flows and reduce their financial costs; and, secondly, investing again in projects that embrace the dividends of the development of the airline industry, leading to cross-cutting growth. As a leader in corporate reform, corporate asset securitization is more frequent.
In the year when the action is taken, the Aviation Industry Group will deepen reforms through equity incentives, optimization of asset structures, asset restructuring, and ipo, among other things, and the reform of the airborne plate is one of the major features, including the current absorption merger. • China Air Systems Ltd. is the group's entire platform. Since 2012, the company's backbone has been on board.
Professional and supply chain collaboration has led to the formation of seven line ministries, with 37 level III units integrated into management, and the initial development of a fully integrated, fully integrated management structure. The structure of the Department is now loose, but, as the Department works hard, it is expected to become more substantial and asset securitization space will be significantly upgraded in the future.
Figure 1 Status of the Aviation Industries Group Aerial Systems Enterprise, Department of Control, Navigation and Guidance Systems, Department of Air-House Systems
Aviation Industry Establishment (615) Aeronautical Industries Self Control (618) Aeronautical Industries Institute (631)
Air industry powered, air industry winded, aviation industry overboard, aviation industry Qing Angry, aviation industry Hua Yan, aviation industry China Kaitian, aviation industry dry mountain, aviation industry monitoring station, aviation industry north
Aeronautical industrial simulators, aero-industrial treasures, aero-industrial green clouds, anaero-industrial orthopaedics, oriental aviation industries.
Enterprise position. Enterprise position. Enterprise position.
Based on integrated aeronautics techniques, display control techniques, cabins, aeronautical computer technology (calculations, data, networks, perception, etc.) studies, centred on lighting technology, atmospheric data technology and human engineering techniques.
The mission is to maintain the advanced and autonomous security capabilities of aeronautical computer technology around flight control systems, inertial navigation systems and guidance systems; and to expand the construction of flights with “family” and “fractal” features.
A core of expertise, such as a body, to build up "gnc3+ Unmanned System" with computers, atmospheric data systems, integrated data management systems, information systems, empty electronic core packages.
Technical research on phm, sensors, test certification, etc., and provision of products and services.
Lead unit Aviation industry Aviation industry power industry, aviation industry light, aviation industry Guiyang electric power plant, aviation industry
Aerial industry macrolight, aviation industry riverine, aviation industry
Enterprise positioning, Enterprise positioning, upgrading the value-creation and integration capabilities of the electricity professional system.
Construction of life-saving systems, airborne drop-in systems, coordinated models of professional development, industrial synergy mechanisms for electricity, air emergency rescue missions, ice-free systems, etc.
System values, systems for collaborative development and capacity transformation, large professional systems. • Continuous optimization of the governance system and governance capacity of the Ministry of Industry and Aviation Industry, decentralization of the Ministry ' s lead unit.
To stimulate internal dynamism and build a new model of co-development of the “shared” “winner” mainframe, and to achieve a hosting agreement with China Electronics and China Motors and the China Air System Corporation, both of which have jointly hosted the bulk of the coupons, the Chinese Electronics will benefit significantly as a central platform for storage companies and onboard plate listings.
Without taking into account the impact of the fiduciary management share ratio, based on the ratio of trust fees of 59 million and 2 per thousand disclosed in 2021 by China-China Electronics, we have calculated a gross income of approximately 29,590 million in 2021 from the China-China Electronic Trust Unit, and of the same amount based on China-China billion, the total income of all 22 enterprises in 2021 was approximately $36,955 million.
The net assets of the China Air System Company at the end of March 2022 amounted to approximately $50.91 billion, the combined net assets of listed companies totalled $31.39 billion, and the securitization rate of assets was about 61.7 per cent, and, as the reform process of the State Enterprise continued, the securitization space for the assets on board was gradually opening up.
The company's future as a central platform for domestic air carrier listing, with broad prospects for the foreign military workforce, maintains the “Secretization of the assets of the air carrier in Table 2” and measures the securitization of the assets of the remaining company in Table 3 from the hosting angle (income caliber)
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. 8 years of work in securities, a Master of Business Administration from Qinghua University, who worked in China, joined Galaxy securities in 2015.
Four honors.