Quarterly review in 2022: q1 net profit increased by 44%, 30/04/2022 Research Assistant Xu Pastor
Events: Company reports 20221 Quarters: 2,346 million yuan in q1 in 2022, an increase of +19.60 per cent; Mother ' s net profit of $201 million, an increase of +44.37 per cent; Mother ' s net profit of $151 million q1 increased by 44 per cent over the same period and profit levels increased.
In order to increase and boost the capacity of the eight subsidiaries of the Replenishment, 2022q1 will yield a significant increase in inventory, contract liabilities, and performance is expected to remain high. The expansion of sales, raw material reserves, etc., increased during the reporting period and the company ' s 2022q1 stock of $6.25 billion.
The growth of forward-looking indicators such as inventories, contractual liabilities, etc., is proof of the adequacy of firm orders and the promise of high growth. As investment in subsequent R&D funds and the benefits of reforms in state-owned enterprises accelerates, it is expected that core competitiveness will be maintained and that firms will develop sustainably and at a high rate.
Internal and external double-wheel drive, the company entering the gold development phase. Insider, the company has benefited fully from downstream military fleets, the development of the civil aircraft market and the increase in the domesticization of civil navigational systems, while the company has successfully opened ships, weapons, space, and electricity using differentiated high-end products as entry points.
Non-aerial defense markets. In the area of non-aerial goods, companies increase their investment in smart systems, involving intelligent cities, electro-electric automation, electronic information, basic devices, and so on, and are expected to increase their profitability. On the outreach side, they benefit from the high industry performance during the 1455s and the reform of State-owned enterprises.
As a platform for the professional integration and industrial development of the air power systems under the umbrella of the Aeronautical Industries Group, the smooth operation of the hosting of the company's air panels has also allowed the company to have capital transport.
▪ Profit predictions and investment ratings: based on the continued high profile of the aerospace industry and the company ' s market position as a core supplier of the aerospace system, net return profits are expected to be earned in 2022-2024, respectively
Three major financial forecasts for China Air Electronics.