The company's review report  The insurance industry has increased its dividends, life insurance reforms have deepened, and China is safe (601318.sh)
The cash share of Wuping Ping has continued to rise, and the profit of the company has been lower than expected in 2021, amounting to $11.804.44 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent in the same year; net profit of $10.1618 billion in the return to the mother, the same amount.
Values are raised, reducing the net profit from taxes to mothers by $24.3 billion, delaying net profit growth. Operating gains are positive, excluding short-term investment fluctuations and fluctuations in discount rates. Companies have increased their share of cash as a result of operating profits growth, with a ratio of dividends to dividends for the entire year 2021.
The Nbv drop was expanded, the agent structure was optimized by a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the weakening of customer purchasing power, the fall in the number of agents and the rising share of savings-based products, resulting in a decline in the value of the new business, and an increase in the nbv. In 2021, the company achieved life and health insurance.
Nbv 3,798 million, a 23.6 per cent decline in the same year, further expanding the new insurance premium of 5.79 million agents over the previous three quarters, representing a 5.94 per cent decrease in the same year; the transformation of the volume of new business values is steadily moving forward. The number of corporate personal life insurance agents in 2021 was 60.03 million, same as in the previous three quarters.
This represents a decrease of 41.4 per cent, an increase of 22 per cent in the first annual premium per agent channel, a decrease of 2.4 percentage points in the production insurance premium at the beginning of the year, an increase in the combined cost of vehicle insurance in 2021 and the operationalization of safe production insurance.
The profits were $16,192 million, or 0.2 per cent more than the previous year; the revenue from the original insurance policy was $270.43 million, or 5.5 per cent less than the same year. The cost of the insurance policy was negative, owing to the combined reform of the insurance policy and strong competition in the market. The company realized the original premium from the insurance policy was $18,88.38 million, or the same amount.
3.7 per cent, or 69.93 per cent, was reduced; non-car insurance + accident and health insurance operations received $81,205 million, or 9.47 per cent, less than 30.07 per cent. The combined cost of the vehicle insurance market rose as a result of the heavy storm in Henante.
98 per cent, a decrease of 1.1 percentage points from the previous three quarters, an increase of 0.7 percentage points from the previous three quarters; and a decline in the rate of return on corporate investment as a result of falling interest rates and impairments, as a result of capital market movements, falling market interest rates and increases in impairments.
In 2021, the Group valued the investment assets associated with Happiness by $43.2 billion. By the end of 2021, the size of the company ' s investment assets was $3.92 trillion, an increase of 4.7 per cent from the end of the previous year.
In the two-wheel drive of Channel Plus Products, agent high-quality transformations are advancing steadily, with structural excellence, output upscaling, adding to the low base effect for the same period since last March, and future liabilities are expected to improve. We keep looking at the future of the company, combining the company's fundamentals with the future.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.