18 March 2022: China released its 2021 full-year performance report and realized $14,791 million in return for the mother ' s operating profits.
Dollars, equal to +6.1 per cent; annual roe operations, 18.9 per cent; mother ' s net profit of $10,1618 million, and a year-round decline in mother ' s net profit in 2021, as a result of a reduction in Happiness in Happiness.
The net profit from the mother-to-man ratio was 29%, mostly impaired by summer’s happiness (q4 compared to the first half of the year), and the value of the new business and the amount of manpower continued to be under pressure. The reform of the channel continued, with Nbv in 2021.
\triangleright rises by 8 ppts and the effect of adjustments in cost rates, retention rates, etc. Human development, with a strong “three-high” team in the direction of transformation, continued to be optimized.
The company has continued to promote the elite operation of the agent corps, optimizing the team structure from the pyramids to the hammers, adding up the digitalization of the operations, and effectively improving the productivity of the agents.
The annual premium is 22% per annum, with 7% per capita increases in long-term insurance, with a higher average savings ratio driven by product resource support. For the newcomers, the "beautiful plus" upgrade continues to be implemented in order to improve efficiency, tighten access, gradually increase the quality of new people and increase retention rates, and promote the future of the channel.
The combined cost rate of production insurance has declined and the original premium for vehicle insurance has been restored. The combined cost rate (cor) has been optimized by 1.1 to 98 per cent on the same scale, and the insured profit has increased by 145.7 per cent to 5,136 million yuan on the same year, the main one.
The combined cost rate of the credit guarantee insurance has been significantly optimized, from 19.8 pct to 91.2 per cent, 4q21 vehicle insurance revenue has increased by 8.7 per cent over the same period, benefiting from the gradual retreat of the impact of the comprehensive reform of the car insurance and the return of the original insurance revenue to the growth track. The combined cost rate of the vehicle insurance policy has remained stable at the same rate.
+0.7 pct to 98.9% with improved cost structure. \triangleright year, influenced by a combination of capital market fluctuations, lower market interest rates and an increase in impairments,
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. continuously upgrades the health-care eco-strategy and develops the “China version of joint health” model.
Building No. 1 of the House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, built a group-managed medical model centred on "hmo+doctor +o2o" and achieved a closed cycle of supply, demand and payment, and provided clients with "saving, saving money" medical care.
(a) The synergies between the biosphere and the main industry are evident, with a total of 3.3 million individual clients, auum and 40 million clients, and a continuous increase in the coverage of medical services and professional medical teams.
Doctors of the court set up a platform for online-to-line integration of “medical + health” services, together with the construction of online-to-line integration and management of the medical biosphere. The investment proposal is: to be subject to the complex and volatile macroeconomic and domestic situation of the past year, the new plague.
The continuing challenges of \triangleright, the continuing in-depth reform of proxy channels and the upgrading of product structures, the combination of volatile equity investments and the impact of the thunderstorms on real estate enterprises, the growth and net of nbv throughout the year
Taking into account: 1) manpower level, continuous promotion of agent-channel reform, implementation of agent-level fine-tuning operations, implementation of the `beautiful plus' upgrade program for excellence, promotion of high-quality agents, 2) product end, continuous optimization of the system of guaranteed and savings-based products,
Increasing the supply of competitive products, introducing exclusive guaranteed products for different client groups, and, in line with the changing financial preferences and ageing trends of clients, timely introduction of savings-based products adapted to the characteristics of the client population; 3) service end-of-service, leading to an increase in the number of clients with life insurance through health-care services and upgrading clients
Sticky; relying on the Group ' s Healthy Eco-Cycle, which leads to the growth of insurance clients through temperature-based services and enhances client sticky 4) technology, deepens the technological transition, sustains the digital transformation, enables the development of innovative technology applications in the areas of marketing, services, wind control, etc., and we expect the team to be clean.
The false results will gradually show that the downward trend in the size of the team is expected to slow, and the end of the liability will become marginal. At the investment end, the housing risk exposure will continue to shrink, the credit risk of the home business will continue to diminish and release, the asset end impairment is relatively adequate, and future broad credit is expected to be a long-end interest rate.
Risk factors: agency growth is not as fast as expected; life-risk reforms are not as expected; agency capacity continues to decline significantly; large volatility in capital markets results in sharp drops in investment returns; interest rates down will narrow the spread of fixed-rate instruments and affect accounting profits.
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager, Guanghai Leasing Operations, formerly employed in China Xinjiang, Chinese and Chinese securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for non-monetary financial research. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Boston, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for non-monetary financial research.
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, April 2021, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works as a small and medium-sized market component that has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindak Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.