Peace in China (601318): Reform at dawn. Peace in China.
Born in 1988 at the Shenzhen Snake, the company was the first insurance company in China, and has developed to date into one of the three main branches of insurance, banking and investment.
At the end of the year, the growth rate was 5.07%. The value of company life and health insurance operations was $87,649 million, an increase of 6.30% over the figure of $6,30% for individuals who developed in parallel with financial services on the Internet at the end of the year, and a decrease of 23.55% in the same year in the value of new operations of $37,898 million.
The company is committed to becoming the leading international provider of personal financial life services, adhering to the concept of “technology-led finance, financial services life”, through
New business values for annual and health insurance decreased by 23.6 per cent over the same period and declined for two consecutive years; end-of-life insurance, “Integrated finance + Internet” and “Internet + Consolidated money” agents, decreased by 41.4 per cent over the same period, and the number of hours has declined for 13 consecutive quarters, with a sharp increase.
The two models, the focus on “large financial assets” and the “large health” industries, are around insurance, banking, capital, because in recent years, as the economy has gone down, the population's disposable income has declined.
Production management, Internet finance, and the creation of consumer capacity and consumer willingness for customers are also strongly influenced. After the new crown outbreak in 2020, the consumer attribute is the brand experience of “professionals, make life easier.”
More robust insurance operations are hit harder. At the same time, in the broader context of the epidemic and the tightening of regulations, insurance agents have become more difficult to perform, with the overall volume and performance falling down, which in turn puts pressure on revenue, maintains a continuing negative feedback, and a large number of agents have either been active or passively absent, with the "agents" brought about by the rapid growth of the workforce in the previous period.
In response to the multiple challenges of life insurance, the company has embarked on a process of reform of both the channels and the dimensions of the product. At the end of the channel, the company actively promotes high quality.
In addition, companies are promoting the three main avenues of innovation for non-agents, through the development of a pool of high-quality, high-yielding diamond agents and the development of a pool of potentials in the centre, as well as the development of a cadre of talented newcomers, seeking to transform the human structure from traditional pyramids to olives.
Community grid-based construction services for orphan policy clients displaced by proxy: deep-seated bank wealth management clients through deeper cooperation with Safe Banks; three-to-four-line and below-city development of circulationb/h units (millions of shares) through deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep market
In moving forward with the reform of channels, companies are also pushing for product reform, creating a differentiated system of “insurance + services” products that serve an increasingly mature safe medical environment. With regard to the medical environment, the company continuously upgrades its health-care strategy in the form of “hmo+family doctor +o2o”
At the core, building on the country's continued policy support for the third pillar of old-age, companies actively use the combined advantages of the medical community to focus on the development of models of “insurance + home-based” and “insurance + high-end” old-age services in order to achieve “secondary growth” in their operations.
While pursuing major reforms, companies create greater value through synergies between business plates. The company’s previous sustained investment in banking, technology, etc., has produced significant results, banking advantages have continued, and the value of technology-enhanced finance is rapidly emerging.
Clients are making changes in their financial channels, which are increasing their share of the premium revenues. And technology can be applied to the core financial business scene, “promoting marketing, efficiency, risk management,” and companies, with the help of science and technology, are continuously promoting technology-enabling ecology, eco-financing, and surrounding financial services, medical and health uniforms.
Services, Automobile Services and Smart City Eco-Coopers to enhance client capacity and customer stickyness, thereby creating a higher price, s1480190501 Investment Proposal: 2022 is the third year of life risk reform, epidemic, macroeconomic, proxy
At the same time, friendly life has accelerated in the country, resulting in a significant reduction in the competitive advantage of peace in the middle and high net group of customers (s148052107005).
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is weak, the growth of high-net clients is slowing, the channels are sinking, and the competition between dangerous firms is even more intense. But we believe that through three years of reform across the board, the company’s proxies are good and good.
Production can be effectively upgraded, and the cadre of core agents is growing, and is expected to remain more competitive with friends and domestic counterparts. At the same time, under the country’s “stable growth” policy orientation, the company’s housing-related risks are expected to continue to be released.
In addition, companies will continue to grow at a higher rate as operating profits slow.
Reflecting the company's optimism about its own business trends, it is also promising to restore investor confidence and raise market reputations and reputations. So we still value the company as a leader in the industry, a long-term investment under the Matthews effect, in which the technological attributes are expected to increase the value of the company's ceiling. We maintain our commitment to the company.
"Recommended" rating. Current stock prices are only 0.56 x for 22 years, underestimating region, medium and long, and safe China (601318): reform is on the horizon, and it will take time to break the game.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Peace in China (601318): Reform is at dawn, and it will take time to break the game without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are based on it.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.