icbc (1398hk/601398ch)
Expecttoplinegrovethtturnactiveinfy24e; adumenimpressoreduce projectnetfeintomediadeclineinfy23e-24eandrecoverinfinfy25e appqualityoutooklessofaconcern; expeculdimprovementinriskbuffers
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Toplinegrovethtograduallyrecoverinfinty24e.despite theweaktoplinemomentumin 9m23, ourbasecasesuggestsibbc'stoplinegrowthtoturnactivestarting Fromfly24e. with interestrateadjustmentinternationalmortagecompleted in 4q23, webcastevenim
Pressurewillessenfromfly24e, partlysossupportedbyicbc'solidbalancesheet growthasalsulbankinguprealeconomy.forfy23e, nimwouldbedown32bps yoy; butotheractionwouldbemouchsmallerat 9bpsand7bpsoyforford 24eand
Well, it's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do this, but I'm not gonna be able to do that, wouldsupportriskbuffers, and then I'm going to be able to do it.
(continuenextpage) results valuation maintainbuynimprovinearningsoutook.byloweringourfy23e/24eearningsby
-Sustainableroeandraiseeurcoeassumptionsintheggmmodel,weadjustourh/a tpsby-22.3% and-13.8% tohk $4.91andrmb 5.61.thetpsimply 0.45x/0.55xtarget fy24ep/b.reinteratebuyinic'smarketleadzingpostionandimproveningearnings
It's not like it's the same as it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same as it is, it's the same.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I, i, ahangjohannes, being the personprimarilyresponsibleforthecontentofthiresearchreport, inholeorinpart, herebycertifthalloftheviewsexpressedinthysecurity_reverse_textmy individualviewoutthesubject companyyor companyanditsortheirsecurities.ialsocentiftytytycompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directlydirect
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Not: lockrernrate: expede percententagechangeofshareprisplustrossdividendidyeldovertenext12months stockring, however, mayvaryfrom thestatedfredworkworkstofactorsincludactorbutnotlictedto: corporategovernance, marettecapitalization, hestorispricativevolatalityrelitivetoforestorrespondingbenchmarkindex, averagedailyturnoverofthe
I'm not sure you're gonna be able to do that, but I'm not gonna be able to do that.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening to me, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening, and it's happening.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Acceptsanyiabilityforanisyossordamagearisingoutoftheuseofofalloronypartofthisreport.additionalformationwill bemadeableuponrequest.copyright2023abcisecuritiescompanialmitted
No partofthismaticalmaybe(i)copied, hotocopieduplicatedinnyformbyanymeansor(ii)redistributedwithoutthepriorwrittenconsentofabcisecuritiescompanimed. officeaddress: abccecuritiescompanymited, 13/ffairmontous, 8cottontredrive, central, Hongkong.