Event: Xinhua Insurance announced mid-2022, 1h22 achieved $102,586 million in total premium revenue, Xinhua Insurance (601336)
The size of the premium is stable. Xinhua Insurance 1h22 achieves a new business value of 2,112 million yuan, or -48.4 per cent, mainly affected by recurrent outbreaks and product restructuring.
The insurance policy continues to evolve in depth, and the silver insurance channel continues to grow steadily. The insurance channel is: 1h22 companies for one day, with between 27.9 and 318,000 insurance agents of the same size; a monthly average of qualified manpower is being transformed and people are constantly being devalued, with a focus on merit-based human development.
One hundred and twenty-two companies have achieved insurance revenues of $31,195 million, compared to +7.8 per cent, of which there has been a significant decline in investment returns, with a comparable return on total investment. One hundred and twenty companies have achieved total investment revenue \triangleright
Corporate non-target assets are of high quality and low risk can be controlled. Investment recommendation:1h22, in the context of the recurring cycle of the new crown and the complexity of the market environment, companies continue to undertake deep reform and transformation of their practice channels, while the value of the new business as a whole remains under strain and human capacity is disillusioned.
Investment ends are influenced by capital market volatility, high base levels over the same period last year, and overall investment returns are still under pressure. As companies continue to reform their channels and restructure their products, one risk channel is likely to stabilize.
Keeping up the growth momentum, the end-of-debt performance is expected to improve. The current company pev valuation is at a historically low level and recommends attention.
Risk factors: agent builders are not as fast as expected; structural transformation is not as effective as expected; \triangleright cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Large fluctuations in the market have led to a sharp drop in investment returns.
Figure 3: Gross and net return on investment Figure 4: A venture marketing officer (thousands) and speed-up manager, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, who was employed on the China-China Portfolio Portfolio and the China-Customs. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
Responsible for non-monetary financial research: Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four-year experience in actuarials, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in non-monetary finance.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.