Merchant securities (600999). Heading ahead, future prospects. Business income of $4,786 million in the first half of 2018.
The market share of net revenue from agency sales has increased by 5.18 pct.
The number of projects approved by the 6th and 5th and the 5th and the ipos in the ranking industry is 22 (including those to be issued) and the number of projects in the 4th and the stock of projects is sufficient. abs is the main reason for the difference between net interest income and interest income growth in the first half of the year.
▪ Net return on investments (including net gains from fair value changes) of $966 million, corresponding to -26.46 per cent, the size of equity-type investments, the reduction of stock and fund positions, and a more robust overall style; and better management of operations, which are higher than the average of listed securities, and less than expected performance in the investment, investment and trading categories are the main causes of the decline in performance.
I. Brokering: wealth management versus institutional services: Net revenue from brokerage fees in the first half of 2018 was $1,856 million, or +064 per cent, 5.18 per cent higher than the overall level of securities dealers, and the share of net revenue from agency sales increased by 0.12 per cent, ranking among industry 7. Net income from surrogate financial products was equal to +106.61 per cent.
243, +2.53 per cent, Hong Kong shares are ranked 1st and Shanghai 6th. Divergent and diversified wealth management services, institutional services, and the leadership of the pb business are jointly built into the corporate securities brokerage industry. Brokering has outperformed the industry’s negative growth, benefiting companies from the deepening of their wealth management transformations and the effective matching of innovative design products.
Different groups of clients in demand, currently 25.955 million FMP clients, i.e. +4.37 per cent of the same year, have higher value-added services with higher processing rates. The overall commission rate in the industry has declined to a greater extent; on the other hand, it is due to the firm ' s strong access to clients, relying on such important instruments as the hub of the caller ' s bank, the focus on banking, and special activities to capture opening opportunities for new customers.
In the context of pb operations, companies have taken advantage of low prices and the proactive upgrading of hosting and outsourcing capabilities and are now leading the pb business area, with company bond dealers trading securities assets of $206.8 billion, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the end of 2017, with stock-based transactions of the main bond dealers increasing by 48.9 per cent over the reporting period. The number of hosting products has a market share of 26.45 per cent, ranked first in the market and first in the Public Fund Trust Fund.
ii. Managing operations: a contraction of corridor operations, an increase in the scale of proactive management, but an increase in revenue, mainly due to an increase in the scale of proactive management, the active downsizing of the pipeline operations, the upgrading of active management capacity to respond to the impact of the new regulations, and the proactive management of $138,689 million as of the end of June, an increase of +9 per cent over the end of 2017.
Not to hold 49 per cent or 45 per cent of the stake in the Boding Fund, the Boding Fund and the Fund's non-monetary public fund-raising ranks 2nd, 8th, and 3rd, respectively, in the case of investment operations: equity project reserves are sufficient, abs is ranked first in the case of re-disbursements. Ipo audits have affected operations, resulting in net operating fees of 583 million in the first half of 2018, compared with 42.49 per cent.
In the case of bonds, the amount of the debt is 1672.84, including self-distribution.
IV. Capital intermediation: short-concession interest expenditure imposes performance pressure, stock pledge risk is manageable, significant increases in interest expenditure on short-term corporate debt and income support are the main reason for the sharp departure of interest net revenue from interest income growth in the first half of the year. The size of short-term corporate financing has increased significantly since 2017, and as of 2018h1, the company was expected to pay 49.4 billion yuan in short-term financing.
A significant increase to 41.45 per cent, while short-term financing is not fully invested in interest-type operations, the fact that the financing cost alone is deducted from the credit business does not truly reflect the company ' s credit operations, which are currently doing well in credit operations.
A significant setback, with net gains from fair value changes - $871 million, down from $1,518 million in the same period last year, being the main cause of the decline in operating income. Total financial assets (transactional financial assets + derivative financial assets + investment in claims + investment in other claims + other interests) after financial instruments have been reclassified
In the context of the accelerated liberalization of foreign investment by the capital market, the acceleration of the development of a group of systemically important securities firms is a pressing need for the development of the securities sector, the strong background of securities acquisition, the ability of leading innovation and the level of prudential risk management, which has led to policy consolidation in a less-than-favourable regulatory environment, with successive cross-border business pilots (one of the seven coupons) and off-the-shelf traders since this year.
(One of the seven coupons) – the “two hundred” initiative to reform the conglomerates (one of the two coupons) – is moving toward an industry’s leading position in the future. The company’s brokerage business continues to deepen its wealth-management transition, pb’s strong position, a strong investment project reserve, a robust investment-trading strategy, and a deep engagement in the new business opportunities offered by the platform’s “convergence of products” with the help of the corporate platform’s strengths.