National gold foliage, long springs and highs (000661.sz) growth hormone space has helped to grow together.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMK) 800 long springs and highs: the pharmaceutical industry is dominated, with a focus on genetic engineering medicines, vaccines and Chinese medicine
In 2016, the pharmaceutical business earned more than $2.3 billion, or more than 80%. The largest share was in genetic engineering/biopharmaceuticals in the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry, followed by the Chinese medicine in the Chinese medicine industry in the Chinese medicine industry.
Goldfield Pharmaceuticals: The country's leading genetic engineering drug industry, growth hormones, is the core business: growing space, product-based excellence, and competitive patterns.
There is a large market space for products: the country currently accounts for 7 to 8 million people suffering from small-deficiency diseases, but only about 300,000 people are currently attending. The current growth hormone market is estimated to be over 2 billion, and the corresponding market population is calculated to be only 50,000. With me, there are only 50,000 people.
The economic development of the country and the expansion of the product market, and the number of people who are able to withstand growth hormone therapy, are expected to expand continuously, and the industry as a whole is emerging from the 2014 sand events, with a sustained recovery.
The gold industry, Ancobi, and Shanghai Ussel, among others. Mercerano has been out of the country in 2014. Among potential entrants, Nord and Nord needle products are expected to be on the national market in the last two years, considering their location and market focus, and we expect it to be difficult in the short term.
The gold industry has a leading advantage: it has a 60-65% share in the market as a whole because of its early listing, the abundance of its agents, its excellent quality, and its ability to sell.
The company has only powders, and the gold fields have three long-acting forms of powder, water needles, and polyethanol. Water needles have now become the main force, and pegs are expected to grow rapidly with the completion of the iv phase of the clinical process.
Reorganisation of ovarian hormones: The bid is expected to grow steadily, focusing on the field of procreation in the layout area, to prepare for the expansion of long hormone adaptive disorders (86203249).
Kinsey's re-organisation of ovarian hormones was marketed in 2015 as the first listed national weight group fsh. As a result of local tender progress, 16 years of sales were relatively small.
In the context of provincial tenders and the expansion of corporate sales, we expect that the more important aspect of the launch of ovary hormones at the hormone gold race (8621) is that the layout enters the area of reproductive hormones.
The sales force continues to expand to scale and boost income growth, and the company’s sales personnel continue to expand. Market coverage has expanded successfully.
Market dominance has laid a solid foundation. We estimate that in 2016, company sales workers have been actively developing growth hormone adaptations, and that growth hormone use in the future will not be limited to miniscule disorders, or even paediatrics, but will move in.
The company is currently conducting a number of studies on new growth hormone adaptive disorders, and it is expected that future growth hormone applications will continue to expand. Vaccine operations: the recovery from the Shandong vaccine incident is strong.
In the second half of 2016, vaccine operations were gradually returning to normal delivery, with an annual income of 346 million. In 2016, the company completed its nasal inflammation live vaccine and successfully entered phase X. The clinical trial is expected to be completed in 2017.
It's still getting a significant market share, contributing to the company's performance, and achieving the company's access to diabetes.
Overall growth will be limited, but the company's most important varieties are exclusive, therapeutically effective, highly crafted, and, as industry representatives of excellence, we believe that it has the ability to maintain the current income, profit scale and achieve reasonable growth.
High and new estates: development of stability, orderly progress of the project 2016 and completion of all single-site work on the park project, market entry of multi-storey ocean housing products and payment of one instalment; and public competition for access to the Gardens project to upgrade the land reserve and complete the renovation of the Old City of Conda
Preparations for the construction of the first phase of the project: Work has also been initiated on high-end writing buildings and hotel planning design: projects developed by the company in collaboration with Huanko, such as the opening of the garden project are on schedule: approval, planning, and analysis of the project has been completed; if the project is well under way, sales have begun.
The company has some strength in the transformation of the Changchun and the Old City districts, and it has developed steadily and has been able to make sense of the continued rapid growth of the company's pharmaceutical business, with increased competition in the field of growth hormones projected for 17-19 years, respectively; uncertainty in corporate governance; risks in the sale of products; and the local industry.
The company shares were listed on 18 December 1996 on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ' s a stock board and became a Northeast Territory.
The company’s main business is biopharmaceuticals, Chinese medicine production and marketing, supported by real estate development, property management, etc. For 20 years on the market, the company’s leading industry has succeeded in moving from developing area infrastructure to living life.
The transformation of the pharmaceutical and health industries, which supported rapid growth in economic performance with the successful hatching and growth of pharmaceutical industry projects, has now become a technical leader in the field of biomedical medicine in the country, generating more than $2.3 billion in 2016, or more than 80 per cent of the revenues of the pharmaceutical business.
It's genetic engineering/biopharmaceuticals from the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, followed by Chinese medicine from the Waxon Pharmacy industry, and vaccine products from 100 grams of biology/Maifun. The company's main products are polyethylene recombinant human growth hormone injection, recombinant human growth hormones, and notation.
Shooting of recombinant human ovulation hormones, frozen dry water pox detoxification vaccine, human rabies vaccine, pulmonary pelvis, pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary blades, silver flower rinses, grandparents, etc. Corporate research and development has been active, with expenditure on research and development rising as a proportion of income, exceeding the cost of research and development in 2016.
Over $260 million to develop long-term savings potential in the field of medicine, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry: the leading genetic engineering pharmaceutical enterprise in the country, with administrative and production headquarters in Changchun and marketing headquarters in Shanghai.
The company is the largest genetic engineering pharmaceutical company in the country and the largest reorganizer in Asia growing hormones.
In 2005, the Kinsey Pharmaceuticals industry developed recombinant growth hormone non-crystal protein stabilization techniques to address the instability of growth hormones in water solutions, introducing the first recombinant growth hormone needle in Asia.
In 2008, the company was listed as the world ' s only gel agent (Goldin) with a state-invented patented new drug, and in 2014, the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry created polyethanol growth hormone supplety technology, spearheading the global launch.
The first long-acting recombinant growth hormone, which was first listed in the country in 2015, prompted ovulation recombinant ovary hormone-Kinsehein, resolved the long-term dependence on imports of ovarians.
Growth hormones are the core business: growth space is wide, product-types are excellent, competitive patterns are good growth hormones (hgh) are polythyroid hormones of gland pituitary glands, whose primary physiological functions are: promotion of growth in all other tissues other than neurosynthesis; promotion of synthetic metabolism and protein synthesis of the organism;
Promotion of fat decomposition; insulin resistance; inhibition of glucose use leading to an increase in blood sugar, etc. Growth hormones (ghrh) and bioghih, also known as growth inhibitorss, are also regulated by sex, age and sex.
The effect of day and night rhythms has led to a marked increase in the under-genesis of sleep. gh is necessary for normal growth, which, apart from increasing height, is important for the functioning of the heart, kidneys, etc., and for the growth and development of the growth of the skin, the internal organs, bones, muscles, glands, etc.
Use: The three main metabolites of human sugar, fat, and proteins are strongly influenced. In addition to growth and metabolic functions, hgh also plays an important role in the maturity of ovarian bubbles, effectively increasing the sensitivity of ovaries to gland-promoting hormones, promoting ovulation and estrogen convergence.
In the case of growth hormone deficiency (ghd), also known as dwarves, the dysentery, due to protuitary or hypothalamus defects, the dystrophy of growth hormones (gh), which leads to slow growth of children and even low sizes.
According to press reports, the incidence of dwarf diseases in the country is about 3 to 4 per cent, with more than 7 to 8 million children aged 4 to 15 in the country, and more than 90 per cent of the patients with dwarf diseases suffer from various psychological disorders, such as low self-esteem and depression.
The physical impairments have a direct impact on the advancement, employment and marriage of patients. Chart 8: Growth hormone deficiency (ghd) diagnosis based on the 3rd percentile of height lags behind normal healthy children of the same age and sex {1.88 s)} or 2 markers
• Genuine development.
• Both growth hormone-induced gh peaks <10ug/l Serum Insulin sample growth factor 1 is below normal.
Chart 9: Classification of growth hormone deficiency disorders
• Births are symptomatic • unknown cause
• No specific cause can be determined by the brain during the development of the foetus
There's a lack of growth hormones for a pituitary or hypothalamus.
There are many causes of damage, such as tumours, severe head trauma, etc.
According to the U.S. fda, growth hormones can be used for diseases that cause small sizes in children.
Growth hormone deficiency (grovethhormonedefiency, ghd), Turner syndrome (turnersyndrome), noonan syndrome, short-intestinal syndrome, chronic renal insufficiency, praderwilli syndrome, epigenesis (idiopathicshortstate, iss),
In 1958, the clinic began to apply the gh treatment of low growth hormone deficiency (hd) patients extracted from the pituitary of a recently deceased person, with low yields and high risk of contamination, despite the significant efficacy of the treatment.
There was a serious infectious disease accident, and in 1985, the human growth hormone (rhgh) was officially marketed using genetic restructuring techniques, and was used more widely for smaller-sized children, whose efficacy was clinically proven.
In addition to its linear growth effects, hormones are used to improve body composition and metabolism, increase bone density, and improve quality of life for adults with hormone deficiency. The current level of prevention is low and the future space is large.
In the case of powders, 25 kg children, at the standard of 0.15 iu/day per kilogram of body weight, receive treatment at around $2,200 per month and 20-30 thousand per year. For water needles, it takes between $450,000 and over $100,000 if long-lasting growth hormones are used.
The rate of treatment of the millions of patients with Dwarfs in the country has been extremely low for a long time due to insufficient public awareness, cost of treatment, etc. According to 2014 estimates, only about 300,000 of the country ' s patients with Dwarfs have been treated, with positive results.
The main objective of the growth hormone market was in the country's second-tier city. As the country's economy continues to grow, the number of people who are able to withstand growth hormone therapy is expected to grow, and the severe suffering caused by growth hormones is becoming increasingly social.
According to sample hospital data, growth hormones were sold at $290 million in 2016, of which Kinsey's annual sales in sample hospital growth hormones were $173 million.
The global market for growth hormones is expected to be around 2.2 billion. We estimate that this size of marketers, with just about 50,000 people, will grow up in the future, based on the price and quantity of the drug.
Now that Merk Shelano has been out of the country in 2014, only the gold-track pharmaceutical industry, Ancobi, and Shanghai Ussel have a significant share of the domestic growth hormone market. The price levels of the country’s major firms are close to that of their products.
For reasons such as early listing, abundance of agents (other companies only), excellent quality, good marketing, etc., Kinsey has over 60-65% of the total market, compared to sample hospital data, i.e. the competitors Ancobi, Ussel, etc., have a smaller share of the market than Kinsai, and water needles/false sales.
The product is still in the process of being declared, and there is a lack of short-term challenges to the field of growth hormones, and the international giant Noor and Nord needle products are expected to be marketed domestically in the last two years. Noor and Nord are the international growth hormone giants, and domestic sales are expected to be higher than Kinsai.
The growth hormone sector lacks layout and focuses on insulin, where a relatively limited share of the market is expected to be marketed, and where there is less likelihood of a direct threat to the market position of Kinsai. Kimsai has a strong edge: it has a pink needle, a water needle, and a concentration than any other company.
Aqueous needles are more technically difficult, with Genetech introducing the first growth hormone water pin product in 1996 and Nord and Nord in 2000; Kinsey is the country's first pusher.
Enterprises with long-term hormone needles. Gold-singer needles don't need to be frozen dry, bioactive, non-polymeric, and easy to use, with a sharp increase in the market share when they are marketed, becoming a company-owned product.
Peg-based long-acting formulations (Gingering) were launched by Kinsai in 2014 as the world’s first-ever growth of hormones from once a day to once a week, significantly reducing injection pain, and improving patients’ dependence. This is important for a drug that uses children and adolescents as a major user group.
Meaning. We estimate that the scale of sales of this agent in 2016 is up to $100 million, and Kim Xaizheng is now stepping up the completion of the iv clinical trials of polyethyl diol-based long-acting formulations. The completion of the iv clinical phase is expected to have a significant positive impact on the release of the Qin Qi.
Based on international experience, market sales of peg-based long-acting formulations are expected to increase rapidly and to complete effective alternatives to traditional formulations. Reorganizing ovarian hormones: tenders are expected to grow steadily and focus on growth hormones in the area of layout reproduction.
Adaptive expansion for mating ovarian bubble hormones (fsh) is a hormone synthesizing and secretive from the brain, regulating human development, growth, adolescent maturity, and the development of the human body.
And a range of biological processes associated with reproduction, especially stimulating the maturity of reproductive cells. Elevated bubbles. Hormogen concentrations influence the growth of the egg bubbles, and have important effects on the maturity of the egg bubbles and on their number, mainly for non-eggling (including multi-cyborg ovary syndrome) and for cremi acid.
In Finland, treatment for those who have failed to treat them, or for those who overcharge ovulation with assisted fertility techniques. Between RMB billion and RMB 3 billion, ovarian hormones are divided into urea-promoting ovarian hormones (Ufsh) and recombinant human-promoting ovarian hormones (rfsh).
Reorganizing products are ovarian hormones expressed by mammalian cells through gene restructuring techniques, and urinary products are ovarian hormones derived from the separation of the urine from menopause women. The therapeutic effects of the two products are not evident, and the reorganisation products are more expensive but of good quality stability.
Patient acceptance is high and technical barriers are high, but production costs are low. Currently, the international market is largely dominated by a re-programming of products, and model hospitals in the domestic market have been restructured in the mainstream (mainly Merk Sherano, Mersardon, Ocanon, Kinsey, etc.), urinary origin products.
The gold race re-organisation of ovarian hormones, the first to be marketed in 2015, is the national production reorganization fsh. The 16-year sales were relatively small (according to our estimates) due to local tender progress.
We expect that hormone safsh will grow considerably in the future, as the provincial tenders continue to expand and as the company’s sales team expands. Currently, the declared reorganisation of ovarian hormones in the country is dominated by the recomposition of ovarians in Chiru.
Hormones, and the long-lived varieties of Koninger and Shinyothai (the heavy grouping of ovarian hormones-ctp blended protein fluids and the reorganizing of ovarian hormones fc blended protein fluids) are still in the early stages of declaration and are expected to be on the market for a longer period of time.
In addition to its own sales earnings and profits, it is more important for companies to introduce ovarian hormones in the field of reproductive hormones.
The sales team continues to expand and boost income growth, and as the gold race progresses out of the short-term lows of the 2014 Changsha event, the gold industry continues to expand its market for the growth hormone series, with a steady increase in sales revenues, new hospitals and new patients.
At the same time, company-market policy adjustments, team optimization have been effective, sales personnel have continued to expand, and market coverage has expanded successfully, laying a solid foundation for consolidating market dominance of core products.
We estimate that in 2016, the number of company sales workers has expanded to around 1,000, and it will continue to be mentioned that a number of projects are actively developing growth hormone adaptive disorders and that the use of growth hormones in the future will not be limited to miniscule disorders, or even paediatrics, but will be further expanded.
In addition, the company’s first project in the area of monolithic resistance has been approved for clinical purposes, with several researching antibodies and eggs.
White drugs are also running simultaneously. The microball platform's trauprilyn microball is expected to get a vaccine in the first half of 2017: a resilient growth in the phase-out of the Shandong vaccine, which, according to our estimates, is over $20 billion and is still growing. But more.
Over the years, the domestic vaccine market has suffered from inadequate variety innovation and strong repeated competition.  The Shandong vaccine incident, which broke out in 2016, further hit the industry by falling to the bottom of the valley, leading to large-scale reductions in shipments and suspension of circulation, and frequent production cuts.
A series of clean-up and shuffling of the industry after the vaccine incident is beginning to recover, a new order is being established and new opportunities are emerging.
Industrial Development Area, a high-tech enterprise that collects, produces, sells and produces biovaccine. In 2007, Changchun Baek paid $40 million to acquire Jilin Mayon Biopharmaceuticals Ltd.
During the second half of 2016, the company gradually returned to normal delivery, earning $346 million a year, compared to the previous year, when the first batch of vaccinations against the wind wave was issued in the industry, one of the heavy weights of the domestic vaccine market. In 2015, batches exceeded 20 million.
The market size is 2.7 billion yuan at an average price of 135 yuan. The water pox survival vaccine developed at Changchun Buk has reached the national level, and the international state-of-the-art water has chosen the mrc-5 human double cell recommended by WHO as a production cell and has chosen to use it.
Who recommended the oka pox virus for the production of poison strains, 100 grams of pox vaccine for the first water pox vaccine in the country that successfully removed the glucose ingredient, which significantly reduced the allergy effects associated with it compared with the pox vaccine that contained the glue.
100 grams of vaccine should be released with a standard viral drip of no less than 4.0lgpfu/agent, no less than 3.3lgpfu/agent during the life of the virus, which would reduce the number of breakthrough cases compared to the low drop-in vaccine.
The problem of drop-rate stability is that the world ' s longest-serving vaccine (ensuring 36 months under prescribed storage conditions) dropped to 1.343 million batches in 2016 due to major industry shocks.
The 100-gram hydrazine vaccine has been reduced by excellent quality, and the bulk issue market ratio has leapfroged to industry level I. During the reporting period, 4,299 million doses of the frozen dry hydrazine live vaccine were issued.The internationalization of the hydrazole vaccine is progressing, with registrations in India and Nigeria completed, and
In order to achieve bulk exports, Indonesia’s registered inspection plants are completed, and registrations are under way in Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand, etc. The depth and breadth of international cooperation on vaccines will be expanded to provide space for the layout and development of the company’s biovaccine industry.
The rabies vaccine solution process is in the process of recovery Chart 29: History of rabies vaccine development Vero cell rabies vaccine is the main product of the current domestic market for rabies vaccine, issued in 2015
Figure 30: Distribution of domestic rabies vaccine, 2016
In 2016, the company worked hard to solve the process, actively involved in bidding, exploiting the potential to restore the market, and laying the groundwork for large-scale marketing.
▪ In 2016, 274.1 million rabies were issued and 32,000 deliveries were sold throughout the year. In January 2017, the rabies vaccine was extended from 12 to 18 months in batches.
Experiments. There are two major international types of nostrils, and we believe that the company's nostrils vaccine technology comes from co-operation with the Australian vaccine development company Biodiem, and that it comes from Russian experimental medical research.
In 2016, the U.S. country cdc considered the fumist to be effective.
Despite the controversy over similar products in the United States, we believe that the company’s nose-jet vaccine product is significantly different from flumist’s technology source and process theory, and has extensive clinical work in Russia and elsewhere.
Data support, given the clear advantages of nose-spray products in the way they are vaccinated, we look forward to the company’s clinical research and marketing prospects for the company’s nose-spray products. The immobilized herpes detoxification vaccine is a frozen dry detoxification product of the herpes virus.
In 2016, 100 grams of bio-band herpes were reduced, and the poison vaccine entered the clinical phase.
In 2016, a one-time clinical test base eligibility was completed and a clinical study was obtained, and the frozen rabies vaccine was prepared for clinical research. Essena was expected to be the first in the country.
More than 110 million people are diabetic in the country, 90% of them diabetic diabetes, and the diabetic market is empty.
Epidemiology, stimulation of beta-cell proliferation, and containment of beta-cell failure, inhibition of appetite and consumption, and slowing of stomach intake are some of the new types of diabetes treatments. The size of the market for glp-1 drugs and their share in diabetes mellitus have been rapid in recent years in international markets.
It's going up 20% in 2017. The main drugs on the market are Noor and Nord's Lilalupe and Assilicon's Essena.
The price is roughly the same, at around $50-60 a day. In the international market, the share of Lilalu is more favourable, and the market share of the domestic market is relatively balanced.
At present, the Lilalu imitation system is less declared in the country, and Essena is relatively more so. In terms of progress, Essena, the company’s merciless pharmaceutical product, is one of the most powerful competitors in the country.
Therefore, we believe that despite the fact that Essena has a certain disadvantage compared to Lilarupine, given the domestic price advantage for generic pharmaceuticals and the overall growth space for the glp-1 group of drugs, the company Essena was able to obtain a significant market share and contribute to the company ' s performance if it were to be listed earlier.
The company has also made progress in the field of diabetic drugs. Huakang Pharmacy: Focused products are expected to sustain reasonable growth in the future.
In 1990, it was located in the city of Duning, Jilin Province. The company owns five standard production workshops - the front extraction workshop, the raw materials workshop, the solids workshop, the needle workshop, the power workshop.
The core products of the company are blood ulcer pulmonary tablets, silver pulmonary rinses, silver pulmonary rinses, and so on. The blood ulcer pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary tablets are of national priority.
The agent type is market exclusive, with high technical content, precise therapeutic effects, higher than the company ' s ulcer pulmonary pulmonary capsules (approximately 0.7/p) and higher than the price of the ulcer pulmonary pulmonary capsules of other competitors (0.3-0.5), while the price has remained relatively stable and has decreased slightly in previous tenders.
The silver flower rinse, which is also exclusive, has now been added to the National Health Insurance Class B and is currently being updated to the 2015 version of the drug book.
▪ The company's first new lysium (pseudo-soap injection fluid) has been given a clinical study batch of hysteria/septic, a new type of calcium ion channel retardant used to improve myocardial function and to combat myocardial ailment, City Chart 36: Revenue Profiting in the Huakang Pharmacy Industry (in thousands of yuan)
▪ We believe that, in the current environment, where the cost of health insurance is tight, the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry as a whole will be limited, but that the company's important varieties are mostly exclusive and precise, with a high level of craftsmanship and, as an excellent representative of the industry, we believe that it has the ability to maintain the current income profit rule.
High and new estates: development of stability, orderly advancement of projects  high and new estates affiliated with the company were established in August 1992 under the New Technology Industry Development Area in Changchun.
Specialized real estate development enterprises have now developed into integrated real estate development enterprises, with companies that take advantage of the policy and location of the Long Spring New Zone to develop their properties with distinctive and focused options around such topics as the renovation of old cities, the construction of science and technology parks, and the raising of old-age education.
Figure 38: High New Real Estate Income Profit (in thousands of yuan)  Completion of all single-site work for 2016 and park projects, introduction of multi-storey ocean housing products and delivery of one phase; and Public competition by companies for access to the Hyde Garden project to upgrade land reserves and complete the rehabilitation of the Old City of Conda
Preparations for the first wave of demolition; related work, such as high-end writing buildings and hotel planning designs, have also been initiated; projects such as gardening, developed by the company in collaboration with Huanko, have started on schedule; and projects such as the Gardening Project have been approved, designed and ready to be divided: if the project is well under way, the project has begun to be sold.
▪ The company has a certain strength in the remodelling of the Changchun and the Old City districts, and it has developed steadily, and it has been able to provide the company with a unique profile in the pharmaceutical industry. Kinsey is the country's leading genetic engineering pharmaceutical company, with a rich core variety of growth hormones, a competitive pattern and a strong market share.
The ceiling is high, the current scale of sales is far from saturated, and it is expected that high-speed future releases will take place. At the same time, the reorganisation of ovarian bubbles will also have greater room for growth and will complete the stock of market resources and associated talent for growth hormones in reproductive industries.
With the gradual recovery of the domestic vaccine industry, 100-gram organisms will show good recovery and reach new highs of performance. Restoring rabies and climbing + chickenpox vaccine exports will provide new growth points for the company’s vaccine business.
At the same time, subsidiaries such as the Wacon medicine industry and high-nature properties are expected to achieve robust growth hormone competition and corporate governance uncertainty.
▪ The risk of fluctuations in real-estate performance, which is then calculated on an average basis to arrive at the final rating as the average investment in the market The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.