Incident: We've recently studied the company and the distributor.
Because 16 years are at the foundation stage, we estimate the harvest to be similar to the early year's plan, 20 billion dollars in the Annual Wine Group, an increase of nearly 20 per cent over the same year, we judge the stock company's rules to change the traditional pattern of pressure on the channel, the base figure is lower, and we judge the 17th spring opening.
The 16-year marketing reforms started, and 17-18-year-old state companies are expected to make a breakthrough. 14 years after Liu Weihua took over the sales, he pushed for a transformation of the marketing system.
In March of 16th year, he became the Managing Director of the Shares, and the efficiency of the internal collaboration was improved. But in order to achieve a complete market-based transition, the state would be expected to change. As the Shanxi government shifted its focus to the economy, we judged that the state had changed from 17 to 18 years.
• It is estimated that the 16-year-old gold prizes will grow faster in 20 years, and that the number of young flowers will grow more rapidly in the future. It is estimated that the two-year gold prizes, the gold medals and the bamboo leaf will grow faster and faster.
Product spacing and price positioning are clear-cut ideas, such as 20 years of Saffron and 20 years of Gold Award as isolated products, and there is a marked decrease in the movement of goods in Shanxi. In the future, emphasis will also be placed on encouraging the development of customized products and channels in out-of-the-provincial areas.
Recovering needs in Shanxi, re-routing out of the province, estimated 16 years of low growth rates in the province and beyond, and 17 years of expected acceleration. (1) The estimated 16 years of growth in the province are mainly due to: good economy in Shanxi and a resumption of catering; continuous upgrading of private consumption; segmentation of the overall product; and market segmentation.
As the government's focus shifted to the economy, consumption of white wine in the province is expected to continue to recover and is expected to grow by 15% in Shanxi in 17 years. (2) Some of the provinces expanded their markets faster in 16 years, with an estimated increase of more than 50% in Henan, Hebei, Nemon, Beijing, etc.
The more rapid growth in both Shanxi markets is due mainly to the restructuring of these regional channels and a better market base, with skewed cost inputs, and the projected overall increase in out-of-provincial markets in 17 years, with an expected increase in marketing inputs, sales costs and revenues in 17 years.
As the White Liquor industry recovers and the channels are adjusted, it is expected that 17 years will see a resurgence of investment in markets and that sales costs will increase in tandem with revenues.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board