Prospective state-owned reforms are expected to support long-term growth; they are rated neutral for valuation reasons.
We see this as evidence of a mixed reform of the white wine industry. The rum group has set growth targets, with pre-tax profits growing in 2017-19, any business objectives that have been imposed, and no 2017 plan.
Although we do not comment on whether the deal is going to take place, if the report is true, we believe that this would have the following implications: (1) given that the group company is an old state company, the reform may have a positive long-term impact on listed companies (see the relevant research section on page 3).
Equivalent (figure 1), we believe that if reforms are introduced, the costs of marketing administration are expected to decrease as business efficiency improves. (2) Listed companies generate more than half of the income of the group, and listed companies profit more than the group, so we think the potential growth targets of listed companies will be higher.
The upgrading and acceleration of the economy in Shanxi Province led to a recovery in first quarter of 2017. We anticipate higher revenue growth for listed companies in 2017, as a result of higher sales prices resulting from the upgrading of product structures, while high-end brands, such as Cinderella, may also maintain relatively high growth.
For information, see the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
Shanxi Liquor: A summary of financial data that contributed to this report
Shansi: soereformseriesi–newplanandnewbeneficiaries: portfoliostrategy research, highlightingtheindustry/regionalimpactofinasoereform, 9 June 2014
27 February 2017 Shanxi Liquor (600809.ss) herself, Liao Yuebhai, cfa, hereby declares that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, will not be, nor will it be.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area of research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the following three dimensions: cash returns on cash investments, industry status, and management levels (corporate governance).
Cafa: a-shareconsumerdurables, a share of the media, a share of food beverages, and Chinese consumer goods.a-shareconsumerdurables: Glyceries, American Group, Qingdao Haile.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guozhou Maotai, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi Liquor, Qingji Island Beer (a) and Five Grain fluids.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Entertain, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Province Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Mingju, Science and Technology, Mandarlin House Line, Hua Xiao Xiao.
China's consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light Dairy, Modern Livestock, Hua Yun Start-up, Monx Milk, Masters' Holdings, Qingdao Beers (h), Unity Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli. The statutory disclosure relating to the company does not disclose specific information about the company: Shanxi Wine (rmb29.42).
Corporate ratings, research industries and related definitions Manage investment lists in the region; however, the distribution of buy-in and sell-out ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Board.
Every study that has entered the list of investments or reiterated that it has been maintained on the list of investments is indicated. The historical fundamentals of the scope of the study and/or the valuation have fallen short of it.
Investment ratings and price targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. This information does not exist or does not apply (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.