Researchchand developmentcenter “Platform + track” deep-draw downstream application scenes, ai 2.0 strategic focus on scale
— The first report on the Internet and overseas (002230.sz) was published on 5 May 2022.
(002230.sz) "Platform + track" deep-ploughing downstream application scenes, aai 2.0 strategic focus sized down ground Platform + track layout downstream application scenes, education, open platforms and consumers are the main growth dynamics
The company, backed by the core of artificial intelligence technology, continues to advance the Platform+Trail strategy. On the platform, it operates an open platform for Internet, smart hardware developers.
To provide ai capabilities and solutions for building industrial ecology; to apply the track, focusing on the "al2.0 strategy" around smart education, smart medicine, smart cities, consumers (officers), smart cars, smart finance, into a period of massization, with increased per capita efficiency and net profit
\triangleright is expected to be fulfilled. Aai1.0 strategy is about exploring, and aai2.0 strategy is about promoting. The company launched the aai2.0 strategy in 2019, focusing its resources on education, consumers, open platforms,
The eight core product lines of smart cities, medical care, etc., have officially entered the “ai 2.0” phase, expanding the scale of applications, performing the “calculation + data” overlap, falling on the ground, and entering the dividend realization period where the technology has been scaled down. The company's aai 2.0 emphasizes the efficiency of the boost, and with the company, it has been able to increase its efficiency.
Increased per capita efficiency and increased product standardization are reflected in the company’s performance, and net profits are expected to materialize. From an industry development perspective, algorithms + arithmetic + data continue to break, ai’s industrialization enters the acceleration period, and artificial intelligence technology is moving towards the maturity of production.
In part, the technology track industry has passed the rapid growth period and is steadily climbing, building a long-term advantage from deep downstream core links based on the support provided by local operations. In 2021, the company “based on local operations” accounted for more than 50% of total revenue.
Depending on the place of business, including the place of education (based on material, personalized learning manual, English-language hearing examination, study machine b+c), the consumer is based on the place (online marketing position, ai marketing), the place of medical treatment (all)
In our view, there is a need for a deep-down industry under the technical services, a technical expert working with industry experts to focus on the application of the industry.
It will be a priority strategy in the current market environment; deepening the core of the industry, mastering the industry's Sinda Securities Company Ltd. know-how, having customer sticky and occupying high-quality data, thus creating barriers to competition.
CindaSecuritiesco.ltd, which has been running for many years on the basis of the continued layout of its operations, has created a preliminary barrier.
In the field of education, companies explore business models that pre-empt tog/b retoc. Personalized learning.
Manuals, which are paid per semester according to the number of subjects open to each student, prior to totob push, later end-c pay, and the business model is actually btobtoc.c End-product collection scale and continuous upscaling are important for improving the business model of the company. First, end-c
The link between the data and operations and the g/b level helps to build up the high-quality data and application landscape experience needed for the training of the ai model, and helps to evolve the entire product system. Second, to validate the ai business model, first to build the industry base and then to realize it through the products or services above the ai technology.
In the education sector, there is an initial success in exploring the future long-term strategy of expanding end-c products in areas such as medicine, office, etc. Third, end-c products are highly standardized and have marginal cost advantages, which enhances corporate profitability. Fourth, end-of-accuracy is highly sticky and can be used by users of end-of-accuracy products.
\triangleright is 44x/27x/21x.
Ai+education, ai+office, ai+medical, ai+smart city, ai+car, etc. Deep downstream, offering solution technology and solutions. The city’s share in the educational, office, and other applications is ahead.
They've chosen for their business soup, for their students, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children, for their children.
An average of 63 times the average number of pe. Science majors fly with strong attributes and high barriers in the ai field, giving companies 22 years, 60 times the value, which corresponds to a reasonable value of 51 dollars/shares, to risk factors: c-end layout less than expected; increased market competition; and a slow growth of markets outside the province.
Risks; risks from brain drain; risks from industrial policy regulation; Figure 1: Business plates and target profiles, 1.1.ai technical leaders, open platform ecological scale continuously growing
The company is ranked first in voice-ai technology, and first in the voice-semantics market, while at the same time it is expanded to multiple areas of artificial intelligence by the provider of smart voice core technology and the provider of applications. The company is ranked first in voice-i-semantics market share.
According to the Applied Market Study 2020, science majors fly to China’s artificial voice and semantics market. Since its establishment in 1999, the Department has been a pioneer in the Chinese artificial intelligence industry, using voice-ai technology, and has been working for more than two decades in the field of artificial intelligence, building up and breaking through core artificial intelligence technology, starting with speech recognition, speech recognition, and language.
The technology continues to make a technological breakthrough in audio synthesis, machine translation, to ocr, cognitive intelligence, etc. The technology in the one-point technology breakthroughs, from core voice-semantic technology providers and application programme providers to multiple areas of artificial intelligence, to machine awareness, multimodel applications, and complex landscape applications.
The company's speech synthesis and recognition technology has won a number of global awards for many years, including the 14 consecutive crowns of the most authoritative and influential international competition in speech synthesis, the 14 consecutive champions of natural language understanding, and the squad competitions.
The Open Platform was established in 2010 as one of the first open platforms for artificial intelligence.
The number of developers has increased significantly since 2021, and the number of developers has increased. As of 31 January 2022, the open-air platform had opened 466 ai products and capabilities, gathering more than enough.
A team of 3.02 million developers with a total application of more than 1.39 million, a cumulative coverage of 3.4 billion + of terminal equipment, and a total of 680,000 cadets at the University of Ai, with links to more than 4.2 million ecological partners. The revenue from the open platform comes mainly from authorized revenue (api calls, program authorizations), and advertising based on the ability of the Ai.
Open platform operations grew at a rate of 124%, 69%, 66%, and 56% in 18-21, respectively. From the company’s strategic layout, the core of the open platform is not directly profitable; it is more important to build ecology and attract a large number of developers and partners, both as a means of strengthening the technological capabilities of the individual and as an important way of building barriers.
1.2. Platform + track building is based on ground business, and the track of education, consumers, etc. provides performance support The company uses the landscape layout of the field through open platform + track, in the form of smart education, consumer business, smart medicine, smart cities, etc. In the downstream track, education, consumer business are at the heart of the company’s short-term growth
In 2021, the share of local businesses was more than 50%. The criteria for judging local businesses were good client dependency, long-term business ability, sustained growth potential, and industry demonstration values.
The operations include education on the basis of the ground (based on material, personalized learning manual, English-language hearing examination, learning machineb+c), consumer on the basis of the ground (online marketing position, i marketing), medical on the basis of the place (general practitioner assistant, family doctor assistant, etc.), intelligent cities on the basis of the place (Gang Huai Master Data Platform, Jinghua General Information Agency, Strategic Cooperation City), operators on the basis of the place of operation
In the short and medium term, the growth of corporate revenue is driven by educational business, open platforms, and consumer business. 1) The education market is driven by both policy and demand factors, with companies moving through the gbc, with significant results from the education business.
2) The rapid growth in the number of developers benefiting from the Open Platform, as well as the growth in the capacity of the ai to open, the replacement of new products in the context of offices benefiting from consumer business, and the growth of the Open Platform and consumer revenues from $1.707 billion in 2018 to 2021, in terms of growth potential, in addition to the education and consumer sectors, there is a greater potential for growth in intelligent medicine operations.
Currently, it accounts for a relatively small share of the revenues from Science and Technology (21, 337 million, or 1.8% of the total income), and 21 years of companies are more on a national scale, with pilot projects in several provinces, including demonstration cities and demonstration districts. But, the intelligent medicine industry has greater potential, the al+ medicine industry has a large space, and the industry is on the verge of landing, planning for a stand-alone market.
To fully motivate the team to seize the market opportunities of ai+care, the medical plate is expected to become a future strategic-level product line. 1.3.ai2.0 strategy to prepare the i for a scale landing period, with a focus on efficiency gains. 1) In terms of industry development, iIndustry is entering an accelerated phase.
Arithmetic + arithmetic + data continues to break, and i is industrialized into the acceleration period. Key technologies, represented by computer visualization, smart voice, natural speech processing, biocharacterization, have made important breakthroughs, some of which are close to, or even beyond, human water, and are already in their production maturity, which means that head voice research and development institutions have been able to apply them on a large scale in the industry.
Artificial intelligence technology is moving towards the stage of production maturity, with a partial breakdown of the technology track industry that has passed the high-speed growth period, and the core artificial intelligence industry in China, which is more than 400 billion yuan in size, driving the industry to more than 5 trillion yuan in size;
In 2030, China became the world's leading centre for artificial intelligence innovation. With the 14th Five-Year Plan making artificial intelligence the “highest priority” in the field of science and technology, it will push China's artificial intelligence industry into a new round of major developments.
In education, medicine, smart cities, etc., there are unprecedented opportunities for artificial intelligence firms to move from digitalization to intellectualization, to a future transformation of intelligent office and enterprise digitization. (2) From a corporate perspective, national capital endowments, ai2.0 strategic convergence trends in industries.
The founder and chairman, Liu Qingfeng, and China have limited assets.