Iflytek (002230ch) highrevenuegrovethstained investmentfocus
(pleaseeappendix1forengleshsummary) The change and the impact of 21 years of strategic-based layout inputs, with a certain drop in the 2021 gross interest rate), in which the Māori rate of education products and services fell by 2.59 pt, opened
The first quarter of 2022 saw a 40.17 per cent increase in revenue, a 20.57 per cent decline in net profit for mothers, and a 37.73 per cent increase in net profit for non-mothers.
6007 million yuan, an increase of 49.47 per cent in the same year; 4,974 million yuan in smart cities; 1,237 million yuan in smart hardware, an increase of 41.63 per cent in the same year; 1455 start-ups for the operator ' s business in the digital economy.
Official publication of the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, according to which our digital economy will move to a full expansion period in 2025, with 10% of GDP added to the core of the digital economy. The 14-Fifteen-Year Plan will be artificial.
Smartness has been identified as one of the top priorities in the cutting-edge science and technology field, and will be a catalyst for a new round of growth in China's artificial intelligence industry. In the year of the 14th Five-Five (Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen) in 2021, the Department identified the goals of the Science and Technology Section flight A.I. 2.0: Towards the 14-Fifteen-Five (Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen)
This goal is now well under way; in early 2022, the company officially launched the “Search Over Brain 2030” project, which is a long-term vision for the “Global Leader of the Artificial Smart Industry”
Continue to adhere to the Platform + Track industrial strategy. Companies have developed targets based on their local operations, namely, “user integrity, long-term viability, sustained growth potential, industry demonstration values” that will enter the development harvest period and build sustainable development and long-term profitability.
Companies will continue to develop their tensions and pool their resources on a continuous basis before the opportunities of the age of artificial intelligence to enhance the efficiency of the implementation of the strategy in priority business directions and to move artificial intelligence in an orderly manner to scale-down applications in various industries.
The core technologies of artificial intelligence + applied data + area supports the continued construction of the “required + intergenerational” advantage, creating a high-growth gold bull business base, and creating innovative advantages to address the immediate needs of society, making the ai a source of sustained growth for the benefit of society and corporate performance.
Jung Hongthanzheng Yanglinyang liangsong