The main coal industry is well run, and assets are being injected into the ground.
The operating income was $13.739 billion, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year; a net return to the mother of $28.307 billion, an increase of 98.54 per cent over the same year; a net gain of $22.531 billion after deduction, an increase of 54.6 per cent over the same period; and an increase in the value of the company's coal sales during the previous three quarters.
\triangleright achieved 109 million tons of coal production in the previous three quarters, an increase of 6.77 per cent over the previous three quarters; coal production gradually increased in the 1-3 quarters, respectively, as coal production increased with the release of increased capacity from coal mines.
The decrease of 13.44 per cent over the same period is mainly due to changes in the consolidated calibre as a result of the trading of coal operations conducted by the company and Ruymoton Supply Chain; coal sales prices of $634, 646, 654 tons were achieved in the previous three quarters and are expected to remain at the level of three quarters.
The main coal industry will continue to contribute to steady performance, with both coal production and coal price growth expected. Companies selling coal are well structured, and it is hoped that the companies will keep up their performance during the course of the coal industry.
\triangleright. Coal and market sales each accounted for 50%. According to last year's sales, about 35 million tonnes of Coal were used by COCA and 30 million tonnes in the non-electric sector, mainly for downstream supply.
It is a conglomerate coal industry; about 80% of the market coal sales are sold at the market price of electricity coal, and the price of the coal pits of 5,500 kcals is not more than $780/tonne, while 20% is spent on non-electric coal, which varies according to supply and demand and is less influenced by policy.
At the same time, subject to railway power, the share of coal is largely stable, and there is less room for further upswing in the short and medium term. Three quarters of non-recurring gains and losses have an impact on net profits, and companies will invest in future operations from the financial side.
The company’s net profit in the third quarter was $3.709 billion, the ring-deep, the shift from the original long-term equity investment to financial assets, the accumulation of three quarters of high stock price fluctuations, and the non-recurrent gain/loss component of the public division was reduced by $3.776 billion. The company invested in the secondary market in the third quarter.
The carrying value of the financial assets is $11,684 million and the company will in the future control the size of the secondary market.
The gradual shift to strategic investments in the new energy sector, for example, has helped companies to lower the low performance volatility, optimize the industrial base and increase profitability in the 9th House of Gospel Street in the West Side of Beijing.
\triangleright October 28, the company issued an asset assessment report on the transfer of shares between the Bing Mining Group and the Shunnan Mining Group. The company plans to buy the Bing Mining Group, the Ming Village and Siu, under the Bing Mining Group, for $14.378 billion.
There are two coal mines. Small-scale coal mines have a capacity of 578 million tons, and coal products are low ash, low sulphur, ultra-low phosphorus, high-heating high-quality power and chemical coal, with a capacity of 6 million tonnes/year, with 79 years of service.
Carbon (approximately 5700 calories; about 0.6 per cent of sulphur) with a capacity of 6 million tonnes/year, with a projected surplus of 10,000 tonnes/year and 15 million tonnes/year of mines No. 3, which are located at the stage of the Elm III and IV projects, with a combined resource reserve of approximately 2.2 billion tonnes and a single ton resource price of about 9 yuan.
In addition, the company’s advantage in absorbing the assets of the group is reflected in the fact that it has a reasonable purchase price and acquires high-quality resources at a price below the benchmark. In addition, a small trench rabbit mine is close to the Hoji railway and, if successful production is achieved, coal can be transported directly to the north of the lake by rail.
At the same time, the company's cash flow is high, the company held a currency of 77.1 billion dollars as of the third quarter, the combined value of the two assets mentioned above is approximately $34.8 billion, and the company expects to release production in cash.
This acquisition, which does not involve stock-shares, reflects the firm’s strong cash-flow capacity. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we believe that there are still pressures on the supply of electricity and coal in the second half of the year, that the recovery of downstream demand is expected to support coal prices and that the domestic power coal price hub is expected to continue.
Risk factors: uncertainty in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainty in the policies of the coal- and power-related industries; safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc. Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, Member of the China Society of Geological Minerals and Economics, Member of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, formerly a coal worker in China
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a researcher on big energy panels such as electricity and natural gas. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States, three years of experience in business studies and electricity market transformation
Ge, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector, Xinxuan, Master ' s degree in finance at the Australian National University, and Bachelor ' s degree in finance at the Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Wu Bojing, a Master of Industrial Economics from Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where components of the coal and coal industry were not, were not, were not, and would not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.