On the basis of \triangleright, shareholder wishes and requirements, future capital expenditure, profit scale, cash flow, etc., the company developed Shareholder Return 2022-2024 for a better return to shareholders.
The plan proposes a further increase in the distribution of cash dividends for the period 2022-2024, during which the company will distribute not less than 60% of the profits distributed in cash over the year. The distribution of dividends will increase further, and the value of the company’s dividends allocated will increase further.
\triangleright and also adopted the Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2020-2022), under which the annual distribution of profits in cash for 2020-2022 would be not less than the available profits realized that year
7-day stock price calculations, later on), based on the company ' s historical dividends, the actual share of red is often higher than the distribution plan, assuming a cash share of 80 per cent, a dividends rate of 13.57 per cent, and the value of the company ' s dividends allocation is further highlighted \triangleright
Since then, the company has accumulated 12 million tonnes per year of increased capacity. In addition to the increase in capacity, the company is simultaneously acquiring major shareholder assets at the third quarter of 2022 in the coal industry (601225.sh).
Assessment: The three-quarter non-net reed ratio is largely flat, with an extra output rate, involving small mines in the mines belonging to Bingu mining (6 million tonnes/year) and in the Mung village (6 million tonnes/year), combined production capacity of 12 million tonnes/year in the two mines, and in the fields related to the Trench Rabbits in the Sannan mining district.
At the semi-annual reporting point in 2022, the right to prospecting comprises, inter alia, wells No. 1 and No. 3 of the Trench Rabbit, which, according to the Elms III plan, are 8 million tonnes/year.
3. Incidental evaluation of the Sanxi Coal industry (601225.sh): the potential for long-term development of companies is further enhanced by the proposed acquisition of excellent, well-positioned, low mining costs, and expected profitability, if the acquisition of land-based companies is expected to increase over time.
4. Performance forecast in the Xiaoxi Coal Industry (601225.sh)22: record record of major profits and high equity investment. Xinxi Coal Industry (601225.sh) incident rating: Shareholders
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.