The main coal industry has a double increase in production and sales, with a continuation of the “value + growth” industry (601225.sh) with a current revenue of $13.74 billion, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother is $28.31 billion.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a basic per share gain of $2.92. Of this amount, the company q3 achieved a profit of $47.05 billion in the first quarter, representing an increase of 6.6 per cent in the ring, a decrease of 3.3 per cent in the same year, q3 non-contribution to a double increase in coal production and q3 profitability.
Tons of tons, 13.4 per cent less than the same year, with home-grown coal sales amounting to 1,08.1 million tons, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period; Revenue from coal sales achieved in the previous three quarters was 127 million tons, or +10.9 per cent, and average coal sales price was 724 yuan per ton, or 28.1 per cent, of which q3 earned coal sales in the first three quarters.
RMB/tonne, 14.3% increase in the same year, with a small increase in the average price of sales in three of the company’s main production areas, North China, Bingyeung, and North China.o3 Gains and losses on fair value and performance on investment returns.o
Significant fluctuations in non-recurrent gains and losses, fair change in value gains and losses, such as transactional financial assets held, and investment returns on the disposal of related investment assets - $5.02 billion, mainly due to significant fluctuations in the market value of the company ' s relevant investment target in the secondary market
Poor physical performance, for example, with a 25.3 per cent decline in the share price of q3 as a result of the company ' s higher share in the Lungi green, while other sub-market targets held through trust funds such as the jucks also affected the company ' s non-recurring gains and losses, ultimately affecting the company ' s net return to the parent.
Assets are injected into an orderly drive to continue a new chapter on “value-plus-growth.” With the strong support of the coal industry and coalification group, an agreement was signed on 11 July 2022 with the coal group on the transfer of assets, which intends to hold the entire stake in the mining industry, the group.
In October, the company announced that it would buy the entire ownership of the Long-Mine/Sangnan Mining Group for 143.2.20.45 billion yuan, respectively, and that the trade would proceed smoothly; and that it would match the unlisted capacity.
On the other hand, the Bing Gang has approximately 12 million tonnes/year (the small estate + Mon village mine), the Sannan mine industry includes the Trench Rabbit 1 and the Three. (In accordance with the Elm III plan, the number 1 product can be 8 million tonnes/year.) As the assets are poured into the ground, the company's outreach will be extended.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.