q2 performance exceeded expectations and filtering was steadily advancing.
In the first half of the year, the epidemic had a significant impact on industry and downstream demand, but the company had achieved a significant increase in its performance. The main reason was that the company, as the leader of the radio frequency industry, was replacing its current national production.
In a broader context, deep cooperation with clients has continued to be promoted, and in the first half of the year, the 5g mobile phone penetration rate has been significantly raised by the market value in circulation (million yuan):
According to the Institute of Communications, the penetration rate of 5g mobile phones in the second quarter of this year is close to 50%, less than 20% at the end of last year, and the rate of penetration is rising very rapidly. It is expected that the 5g mobile phone sales will continue to rise rapidly in the second half of the year, with the company’s performance growing rapidly.
The company has a clear competitive advantage in the field of radio frequency switches and has developed and launched a series of low-frequency noise magnifications for the sub-6ghz band in the 5g.
In order to remain advanced in the field of radio frequency, companies are focusing on research and development, continuing innovative breakthroughs, launching radio frequency front-end module products and launching radio frequency modules in the country.
One of the industries, giving new impetus to the company’s long-term sustainable development.
In addition to radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers, the company has raised funds to develop filter products, and the company currently produces a large sum of saw filters and actively invests in the development of the baw filter.
The size of the filter market is estimated to have grown from about $8 billion in 2017 to $22.5 billion in 2023, with an average annual compound growth rate of 19%. As the leader of the radio-frequency industry in the country, the company is faced with He Mau Fei.
The $10 billion market, with vast growth space, will open up the second growth curve. Given the fact that the first half of the year was still outperforming expectations under the epidemic, and that the second half of the year will be on the e-consumption season, while the 5g mobile phone penetration rate will continue to rise.
The company, as the lead company for domestic radio frequency devices, should be given an adequate valuation premium, with a “buy-in” rating. 1) Product R & D is less than expected: 2) marketing is less than expected: 3) customer sales are less than expected.
1. Taking advantage of the opportunity, corporate performance has grown significantly, as shown in figure 1: corporate quarterly net profits (millions of dollars). While the epidemic has had a significant impact on industry and downstream demand in the first half of the year, the company ' s performance remains unaffected by the epidemic.
The achievement of excellence has largely benefited from: On the one hand, companies seized on 5 g and alternative development opportunities for national production, continuously increasing their investment in innovation for research and development, continuously upgrading their core competitiveness and demonstrating the results of the transformation of core technologies.
On the other hand, the company will benefit from the rapid penetration of \triangleright 2.5g mobile phones, taking full advantage of the field of mobile terminal radio frequency (RF) and continuously advancing its depth with its clients.
In the process of upgrading communications technology, each generation of upgrades is required to ensure that technology and applications are compatible backwards, which means that a new generation of cell phones needs to match more frequency bands. For each additional band, smartphones need to match additional radio frequency devices.
At 4g, the numbers will increase significantly, whether they are filters, power amplifiers, radio-frequency switches, low noise amplifiers. Moreover, the 5g signal is more frequently used, and the radio frequency devices that support higher frequencies are more technically difficult and of higher value. So in the 5g era, the quantum lift will become the market size of the front end of the radio frequency.
The main reason is that, according to the skyworks estimates, the total value of radio frequency devices required per 4g cell phone is approximately $18, compared to $25 per 5g cell phone.
According to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Research, mobile phone penetration at 5-degree 5g is close to 50% in the second quarter of this year, compared to less than 20% at the end of last year, and the penetration rate is rising very rapidly.
Reference is made to the rate of 4g mobile phone penetration in 2014, from large-scale sales to sales of 80% for about a year. The 5g cell phone penetration rate from 0.7% in July last year to about 50% now is only 10 months, and the rate of recent increases has gradually accelerated, and sales penetration is expected to continue to rise rapidly.
The lead companies at the front end of the national radio frequency will benefit as a matter of priority in the context of the acceleration of mobile phone sales of 5g.Figure 3: China's 5g mobile phone sales and penetration rates.
A series of radio low-noise amplifiers, radio-frequency switches, radio antenna-synchronous relationship line products for the sub-6ghz band in 5g have been developed and launched, and volume sales have been made to end-users such as Samsung, Huayuan, vivo, and Opo. To keep up with the advances in the field of radio frequency, companies have focused on research and development, and have made innovative breakthroughs, and have introduced radio frequency.
The front-end module product, one of the leading domestic rollers of the radio frequency module, opens up a second-growth curve for the company's long-term sustainable development business note 3.
About 1/2 and 1/3 respectively, with the remaining instruments including switches, harmonics, low-noise amplifiers, etc., totalling approximately US$ 7.5 and US$ 7.5.
with a combined growth rate of 14 per cent; with power magnifier pa at the market size of $7 billion in 2023, filters are the components with the highest proportion of radio-frequency front-end chips in the harvest, including sound surface filters (saw, surface acousticwave), body sound filters (baw, bulkacusticwave), saw and baw filters.
Wavers are the dominant filters for current mobile phone applications, which are described below: saw is mainly used in low-frequency bands and was the most widely used filter in the 4g era and before. Market leaders are mainly Murata murata, tdk, solar-induced taiyoyuden, skyworks, qorvo, etc.
Five together account for about 95 per cent of the world ' s share: baw is mainly used in the 2.5ghz-6ghz high frequency band. Since 5g is mainly used in the 2.5ghz frequency band, baw will become the dominant filter in the 5g era. baw market is by
Broadcom-avago rules, which accounts for about 87% of the total, while the rest are qorvo and Sun, respectively: qorvo, tdk, etc.: the fund-raising layout filter, which will open the second growth curve. The company's research and development on the high-end radio frequency filter is progressing.
The company announced in June 2020 that an additional $3 billion would be proposed for the development of high-end radio filter chips and modules, and 5g base radio frequency devices. With the collection of funds by the company, the development of filters will be steadily advanced.
Rapid company R & D progress in the filtration sector further enhances the company’s competitive edge in the field of radio frequency and enhances the public sector’s long-term long-term long-term profitability. As a leading player in the radio-frequency industry in the country, a company, faced with a $10 billion market, has broad scope to grow, opening up a second-growth curve.
1) Product R & D less than expected; 2) Market diffusion less than expected; 3) Customer outreach, product sales less than expected
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.