The lead in the radio frequency layout was highlighted, with a record high performance. 09/07/2020 announcement: the company issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2020, with the company ' s net profit in the first half of the year.
▪ Leading edges in the field of mobile terminal radio frequency (RF) have emerged, with record levels of performance: company 2020h1 leads in the field of terminal radio frequency (RF), client cooperation and market expansion continue to advance, while companies take advantage of 5g and national alternative development opportunities, continuously increase investment in innovation in R & D and core competitiveness
▪ High-end radio frequency (HF) products are increasingly well configured and applied market expansion is steadily advancing: companies are systematically updating existing products in an iterative manner and are efficiently advancing new technologies, new processes, new materials.
Major R & D, with the timely introduction of new products for radio frequency switches and low noise amplifiers for the 5g sub-6ghz band, and the development of saw radio frequency filters and radio frequency front-end models have also been abruptly broken and the layout of high-end radio frequency products has been further enriched, enhancing the company ' s core technological competitiveness.
The Division's products are well advanced in consumer electronics markets such as smart phones, smart households, wearing equipment, and, thanks to a long period of technological accumulation, the company's products are gradually expanding to more diverse end markets and customers, covering applications such as telecommunications bases, automobile electronics, and market space for product applications.
1 DHOW (300782); 5g and radio frequency national production replacement acceleration, performance continuity  pioneered benefit 5g and radio frequency chip national production replacement, long-term growth kinetic energy sufficient: current 5g switch
The process is accelerating, leading to an increase in demand for a range of radio-frequency chip products, while the major share of the 2020-04-08 high-growth market is occupied by overseas producers, with the need for national production to replace it.
II. Chewie (300782). Continuously high performance and cost advantages are significant, providing for the application of radio-frequency front end separation devices and various modules at speed growth, building integrated radio frequency supply
The programme, which has now accumulated high-quality customer profiles such as Hua, Mi, Opo, Vivo and Samsung, 2020-01-14, has entered into a partnership with HTCP in the field of radio frequency switches in the local radio frequency chip supply chain
3, Chewie Chewie (300782); high performance, high advantage. As the 5g and RF chip national production replacement processes move forward, companies grow at a long-term rate and take the lead in benefiting the 5g-era radio frequency.
Cricket National Substitutes 2019-10-14 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board