The company's performance continues to rise, and radio frequency has accelerated in the 5g era.
• Summary of performance: Companies released their semi-annual performance report for 2020, with $10.0 billion in 2020h1, an increase of 93.6 per cent in the same year; mother ' s net profit of $350 million, an increase of 131.0 per cent in the same year. At the top of the performance forecast, performance growth for 2020h1 was significant, with a significant increase in q2 and ring ratios. Company revenue: 2020h1
The current revenue is $10.0 billion, of which q2 is $550 million in a single season, an increase of 63.8 per cent in the same year and 21.3 per cent in the ring; and net return profit: 2020h1 is expected to return to a net profit of 350 million yuan, of which q2 is a significant increase in growth. At the same time, the company has achieved a six-quarter and one-quarter increase in profits since 2019q1.
• 5g landed with new clients and helped the company to grow profitably and rapidly in 2020h1. The company’s performance in 2020h1 has increased dramatically, and we believe that it is mainly a combination of the following factors: 1) demand factors: 5g downstream applications and domestic mobile phone manufacturers speed up delivery, which boosts the growth in the company’s performance. 2) Efficient operation: public during the reporting period
The Division ' s fee-to-charge ratio has declined and the net interest rate of the company q1 has increased slightly. 3) Client cooperation: the Division continued to develop clients and to work more intensively during the reporting period. In addition to the company ' s traditional customers, Samsung, Mi, etc., new customers, Hmong, etc., have also accelerated their release.
5g tidal retrenchment plus national production replacement accelerates the growth of the company as a result of the trend towards networking. 5g radio frequency model group: 5g in 2020, the company has now launched sub-6ghz radio frequency devices that meet the 5g standard for communications and has largely covered the sub-6ghz frequency switch product; and the company has high-tech radioactivity.
Research and development by the FMT lnabank, etc., has begun to yield results and is ready to be phased in, and is expected to become a new growth point for companies. Substitution of semiconductor state production has accelerated: integrated circuits are the country’s largest current import commodity, and uncertainty about trade friction between the United States and the United States has accelerated the return of the integrated circuit industry chain to the country.
The head of the front-end chip segmentation is expected to grow rapidly in this wave wave. The Blue Sea Market: based on Wifi-pa’s years of experience, companies use bluetooth microcontrol products to follow large customers into the Internet track for intelligent homes and apparelable devices.
• Targeted increase, radio frequency track of the Bure Base station: the company has recently issued an announcement for an additional $3 billion, mainly for high-end radio filtration chip and module R & D, 5g base station R & D and industrialization.
Project. The market space for the 5g base station is huge, and the current national production base is increasingly focused on supply chain stability, and the company is expected to enter the base end market with the current mobile terminal market on the basis of years of technological accumulation in the field of radio frequency (2020-04-09).
2. Cheuk Seung-sung (300782), which continues to perform at a very high rate, creates a platform for synergy in products and further consolidates corporate performance development, affecting end 3c consumption: large client products are not upscaled as expected, etc.
One company, the leading radio front end separation device leader in the industry, was founded year after year through Zhurst Cayman, and the company was listed on its business board in June 2019. The corporate department is a linehead in a segmented area focused on radio frequency integration circuits, with major operations including radio frequency switches and low radio frequency noise.
Sound amplifiers (lna), radio frequency filters, etc., and application solutions for radio-frequency front end separation devices and various modules, while companies also provide low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips to the outside world.
The company’s current products are mainly used for mobile smart terminals, smart homes, wearing electronics such as smart phones, depending on long-term technological accumulations, and are gradually expanding to more end markets and customers, and are expected to cover such areas as telecommunications bases, car electronics, etc. The current collection is driven by a one-line consumer electronic brand: Samsung, Huayung, Mi, Opo, vivo.
Figure 2: Current product layout of the company. Corporate business structure: the main two main segments of the company's current collection are radio frequency switches and low radio frequency noise amplifiers (lna). Collection structure: 2020h1 RHF business revenue of $850 million, an increase of 110.6 per cent, or 85.5 per cent of the total,
12.1% Māori: Māori in 2019 for the company ' s radio frequency switch business is $640 million, Māori 81.2%, Māori in the public domain: Māori in the radio frequency low noise amplifier business is 120 million. 15.3%, and Māori in the company ' s comparative collection ratio is not significantly different due to the similarity of the Māori ratio in the two operations.
Corporate performance: Corporate income and net return profits as a whole have remained strong since 2015, increasing significantly faster than revenue and improving the quality of profits. Companies collected $110 million between 2015 and 2019.
In 2018, the annual net return and return earnings recovered and higher growth resumed. Strong growth in net return and return was mainly due to strong downstream growth in market demand for downstream applications and a deepening process of national production substitution, while companies continued to expand their product applications.
Corporate profitability: Māori rates have stabilized overall since 2015, and net interest rates have been rising overall. Corporate Māori rates have risen significantly, mainly as a result of the increased efficiency of the company’s operations.
Corporate sales costs have remained on a downward trend overall, falling from 2.8 per cent in 2019 to 1.1 per cent of 2020h1, and financial costs have been negative since their listing, indicating that companies have been in good cash and financial management, and that corporate management costs have declined from 2.2 per cent in 2019 to 1.4 per cent of 2020h1.
The company has focused on R & D and continues to invest: it has been spending more and more on R & D since 2017, spending more than 90 million yuan on R & D in 2020h1 and the R & D expenditure ratio has been 9.0 per cent, slightly lower than in the same period last year by 9.9 per cent, with the firm expanding its research and development workforce and increasing its investment in R & D as it continues to grow.
The number of R & D workers in companies is 171, and the number of R & D personnel for the first time is more than 70%.
Assumption 1: Radio frequency switch: the company ' s RF switch downstream applications are currently mainly mobile smart terminals (cell phones), operations benefit 5g from a wave of rechannels, resulting in an increase in the volume of new aircraft sales (mainly Andres cell phones), downstream manufacturers ' demand for high-level products, company products are expected to rise in volume, and company demand for future RF switch orders is expected to grow faster, but by the company as a whole
Scenario 2: Low radio frequency noise amplifiers: The company ' s RF Lina downstream applications are currently mainly mobile smart terminals (handhelds), whose main role is to magnify the faint signals received by the antenna, while reducing the introduction of noise, upgrading cellular signals and reducing the number of calls. As with radio frequency switches, it is logical to increase, the 5g switch will bring about a price increase for the lna product.
Assumption 3: In other operations, the main ones should now include blue teeth, filters and fem modules, wifi-pa, ip authorizations, etc.
Over the next three years, the net return profits will remain at a compound rate of 45.1%. Given the company’s continuous up-and-down expansion, the industrial chain layout is gradually improved and synergies are gradually strengthened, and the follow-up will provide a one-stop solution for clients, which is expected to evolve into a platform.
Smart manufacturing firms, which have long regarded the development of the company as good and maintained a “buy-in” rating, have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, from comparable company valuations (taking the company's cut-off price on 28 August).
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.