5g catalyzing q2 beautiful performance, the rise of national production as a substitute for the FLN — a 20-h report issued by the Chewie Midpoint Review, which reached the upper limit of the forecast.
The company ' s net profit on 20H1 and maternity grew rapidly. 998 million yuan in the first half of the year, or 93.79 per cent more than the previous year; the net profit on maternity was 353 million yuan, or 130.72 per cent more than the previous year, starting in the 5g year released in July, and the company benefited from an increase in concentration.
The rapid growth in corporate revenue was due mainly to the increased demand for radio frequency switches, which increased by 110.67 per cent in 2020 h1 and, in particular, to the higher rate of calibrated antennas in the market, which increased the volume of shipments to a total of over 1.5 billion by the end of June. In addition, the Ina business camp increased by 21 per cent.
This growth is due to the company’s rapid penetration of the 5g mobile phone clients. The device-modules are mutually reinforcing, and the national production of radio frequency taps is becoming more and more solid. 1) Deep-deeping on the radio frequency switch high-speed track: yole predicts the size of the radio frequency switch market from 2018.
Consolidation of technological capabilities in the area of switches to catch up with advanced levels overseas, while improving the layout of radio frequency products, the gradual release of sub-6ghz and sige products, the accelerated industrialization of modular products, and the continuous improvement of the company's radio frequency sub-product antennas to reconcile relationship line products; 2) entry filters into the “National Production Substitute Blue”
(c) From the device to the module, the path towards the rise of the radio frequency tap is evident: the company actively deploys its radio frequency module operations, using the baw filter as one of the weakest alternatives to national production.
Matching terminal integration trends, the business is fast-starting with anti-growing upstream products as core clients are imported into the future, and is cycling to promote the emergence of the poles. • Profit forecasting and investment advice
The company, as a leading manufacturer of nationally produced radio frequency, will benefit in the future from the high space and certainty of national production alternatives. 5g and national production drivers q2 High Growth, Radio Frequency Models and Filters Open New Space 2020-07-13
q1 Performance Guide Big Over Expectations, National Production of Radio Frequency Chips
"O3 Performance Beyond Expectation, Domestic Radio Frequency Chips Accelerating Rise" 2019-10-28.