The filtering business opens up the second growth curve.
As the world's fourth-largest radio frequency switch manufacturer in the field of radio frequency switches, Dzumi is one of the first companies in the world to launch a single chip that combines low radio frequency noise amplifiers and switches, as well as one of the first to produce high-performance accelerometers using a 12-inch 65nmrsoi process crystal round.
With a clear competitive advantage in the field of radio frequency switches, the company has developed and launched a series of low-frequency noise amplifiers, radio-frequency switches, radio-frequency antennas and relationship line products for the sub-6ghz frequency band in 5g, and has achieved a steady increase in the penetration rate of 5g.
In order to remain advanced in the field of radio frequency, the company has focused on research and development, and has made innovative breakthroughs, and has introduced radio front-end module products, which are among the first companies to launch radio-frequency modules in the country.
One is to give new impetus to companies’ long-term sustainable development. In the background of a rising penetration rate of 5g, companies can grow in time as champions and focus on research and development to upgrade technological capabilities.
The company's research and development of high-end radio-frequency filters is progressing well, with multiple saw filters already producing quantities and actively investing in the development of the baw filter. According to Yole, the filter's price at the front end of the radio frequency is $22.5 billion a year, with an average annual compound growth rate of 19%.
An increase of about $3 billion for high-end radio filter chips and modules, and 5g communications base station radio frequency device development projects. With corporate fund-raising in place, the development of filters will progress steadily, accelerate the company’s research and development in the field of filters, and further enhance the company’s competitive edge in the field of radio frequency.
The trend towards substitution of national production has accelerated, and the dividends of radio frequency have been reaped.
In the current context of Central American trade friction, the semiconductor industry’s national production substitution process continues to accelerate. Radio frequency front-end markets, which exceed tens of billions of dollars in size, are largely dominated by foreign manufacturers, and represent an important battleground for the replacement of semi-carrier national production.
Some of the products are already comparable to the world’s top producers. The dividends of national production substitution contribute to a rapid growth in the size of the company’s performance, with sales of front-line domestic customers, such as Hwa, opo, and vivo, expanding.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.