q2 is over-expected, and the year-long high-growth tone lays the groundwork for a single-quarter forecast of 200 million net profit to the mother, the same year + 80%, the ring + 32%. The company’s performance in the first half of the year has increased significantly, and we believe that the main reason is, on the one hand, to benefit from the acceleration of the national production replacement process and the size of the country’s major clients.
In the meantime, companies have seized on 5 g and alternative development opportunities for national production, increasing their research and development (R & D) innovative inputs and increasing their core competitiveness, with the result of the transformation of the core technology appearing; on the other hand, companies have built on their strengths in the field of mobile end-of-use radio frequency and have continued to promote deep cooperation with their clients.
\triangleright has continued to benefit producers in countries such as Opo, with over-expected growth in the company's multiplicity of products.
In terms of research and development, the company has completed the technological development of a new generation of silicon-based high-performance and low-performance lina products based on silicon processes, while the company continues to upgrade its design and optimize its product performance and cost.
>The 5g era has officially seen a new wave of radio frequency devices growing in an increased cellular frequency of 5g, while the high-end applications will grow as the smartphone market matures and the demand for front end chips will increase.
The global radio front-end market size is projected to be 16% in 18-23, with a total size of nearly US$ 31.3 billion in 2023. Companies, while improving existing product processes, are increasing the layout filters, pa, etc., front-end radio frequency products. The filter customers are well imported, they are now beginning to contribute revenue, and companies are accelerating the layout modelling product to one.
We “recommend” to the company, taking into account the company’s scarcity.
The forecast points are: a significant increase in the quarter, with 5g coming up high, trade frictions between the US and China, poor progress by large clients, and less technology by large clients than expected.
Advance evaluation: year-round performance meets expectations, 5g comes. Corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated. Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and won the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.