5g and national production driver q2 high growth, radio frequency module and filter opening up new space -- Quixte 2020h1 performance pre-optimal announcement issued by the company, q2 over-expected, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating
The company issued a performance forecast for the first half of 2020, where it is expected to achieve a net return profit in the first half of 2020.
• 5g and the high growth of national production-driven companies, with a strong year-round view of corporate development The high performance expectations of companies in 2020hi are largely attributable to the following: 1. Companies seize 5g and national production-based alternative development opportunities, continuously increase their investment in research and development innovation, continuously improve their core competitiveness, and transform core technology
Results are evident; 2. The company has taken full advantage of mobile terminals in the field of radio frequency (RF) and continues to work with its clients in depth. The spread of the new coronary epidemic has led to a decline in the global volume of smartphones, but the volume of 5g mobile phones in the country has risen rapidly, with 1,751 million mobile phones in the country in June of this year (Run + 12%), which took over the same month.
The data from the electronic fever friend show that the cost of the 5g radio-frequency chip single machine is over $30, which is more than double that of the 4g cell phone. In terms of client and income structure, the company, as the world's top five radio-frequency switcher, currently receives most of its income from mobile phones, and the company's products have been acquired by Samsung, Huai.
The approval of domestic and international customers such as Mi, Opo, vivo, the full import of multi-valued products, the expected increase in the future market share, and the company’s full benefit in the larger context of national substitution.
According to the company announcement, in 2019, the company launched a new multi-dollar radio frequency module product, which was extended from the city field to a large-scale customer adoption that took a certain time cycle and did not yet produce a semi-annual 2020 performance product.
In June 2020, the company announced that it would raise $3 billion to focus on radio frequency modeling operations. We believe that with the spread of 5g, the trend towards modularization and integration of the front end of radio frequency is clear.
The module products will further open the space for company growth. In addition, the company’s active deployment of the filters and the state-owned production replacement assistive performance outbreak 2020-02-25, which is expected to enhance the company’s market competitiveness in the field of the front end of the radio frequency, has now become a client.
2019 Performance Directions meet expectations, fast 2020 q3 Performance Beyond Expectations, Accelerating the Rise of National Radio Frequency Chips 2019-10-28
The O3 Performance Guide is more than expected, domestic radio frequency chips.