Off the travel agency business, on the one hand, and off the travel agency business, on the other, on the other, on the other.
\triangleright has now passed a bill for the General Assembly to transfer 100% of the shares of the General Hotel of the transferring country to the shareholders of the China Tourist Group. At the same time, the controlling shareholder level has announced the completion of 51% of the business of the Hainan Free Trade Company Ltd.
We expect the deal to be completed in the course of the year, which is estimated to increase the company’s net profits by more than 100 million dollars. Policy liberalization and a sea free of this year’s infusion, and tax-free off-island performance still have an incentive to grow.
With effect from 1 December 2018, the total amount of free shopping on Hainan Island has been implemented. But, according to seagate customs data, the New Deal has seen a 4% increase in both unit and unit prices since its first month of operation.
A comparison of the Unit's approach to the development of an international tourism consumption centre in Hainan Province, issued by the Commission on 28 December 2018, and the trend towards depth of 300, suggests that Hainan should “enhance high-end tourism consumption levels and promote the upgrading of tourism consumption”.
These measures include “appropriately raising tax-exempt limits on off-island tax-exempt policies, increasing the range of duty-free goods, and creating tax-free shops.”
The stock airport benefits from the expansion and optimization of the class of goods, which is expected to continue to grow since semi-annual reporting in 2018, the company achieved a rapid increase in size through the acquisition of Shanghai, and completed the consolidation of the day-to-day procurement channels, with the tax-free Māori rate rising from 45% to 52%.
Without the original supply system and further integration on a day-to-day basis, some of the airport pipeline categories represented by White Cloud Airport remain excellent and can be improved simultaneously, with single-way prices and Māori rates expected to follow suit. There is still room for policy and positive attention to progress.
The gap is large ($33 billion yuan vs. $250 billion), leading the return of consumption remains a priority for the government in the future, and there is a possibility of a breakthrough in such policies as inner-city shops and the increase in the tax-exempt quota for off-islands. Companies, as domestic tax-exempt leaders, will be the biggest beneficiaries of the industry’s increase in size, given the combined advantages of size and channels.
The city store has not progressed as expected: the policy of tax exemption from the island has not progressed as expected: the Māori rate has risen. The data used to ensure that the report is based on compliance channels, after Chungki, the Dean of the Humanist Institute, Dr. Vanderbilt University, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, a Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai Futures Exchange, author of the Chinese Securities Association's qualification for securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,