The 18-year tax-exempt performance of the Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre was in line with expectations, the one-time fee was raised to the q4 fall in profits, the company's single-quarter and year-round revenue performance was in line with market expectations, and the Gulf continued to grow at a high rate: the company
Revenue performance is as expected, with a growth rate of over 66 per cent in the quarter of the quarter, with revenue growth projected at 20 per cent for the year as a whole, a 16 per cent increase in traditional tax-exempt channels, and an estimated contribution of $11 billion/67 billion for Shanghai and Beijing airports, respectively.
From October to November, tax-exempt sales from the Islands, including from the sea, increased by 21 per cent, and tax-exempt from the Sea Bay, better than the tax-exempt performance from the American Airport.
A 24 per cent increase in profits throughout the year, resulting from the one-time cost-recovery impact, which resulted in a lower rate of profit growth than income, and the opening of two municipal duty-free shops in Haiguchi and Bojong on 19 January, with a unified selection by China and China.
Supply purchases: 18 years of overall profit growth of 24 per cent, a 30 per cent fall in the single quarter, a significant increase in income (71 per cent increase in q4) and a single-quarter fall in profits attributable mainly to a one-time, 201812253.
Costs are higher (for performance bonuses and stock fall preparation, loss on exchange, deferred earnings adjustment and loss on travel agencies, etc.). In January 1919, Haiguchi and the tax-exempt store were opened, and consolidated purchases were made from China, while Shanghai Airport was able to complete the year of 19 years, cutting off travel agency operations focusing on tax-free owners, light uniforms, etc.
The performance of the Third Quarterly Review of China's Travel Report - q3 is in line with the 19-year performance growth forecast. Korea's tax-free sales amounted to $17.238 billion / + 35 per cent in 18 years, while the country's purchasing contribution was about 6-7 per cent, while the tax-free foreign market grew at a time when the tax-free rate was high.
4 The China Travel company rating - 51 per cent exemption of equity shares - is also growing at a very high rate, allowing the gradual opening up of domestic tax-exempt policies and the emergence of product advantages to lead to tax exemptions outside the sea and provide an increase in corporate tax-exempt performance.
Investment logic — short-term view of 19 years of city-wide tax-free shop opening and policy adjustment expectations, high tax-free growth, long-term view of tax-exempt scenarios and continued expansion in internationalization, scale effects and product-type adjustments, interest rate hikes, profit margins, policy benefits (support for tax-free counter-purchases) and consumption returns
The company is able to focus its activities on tax-free owners, improve the company’s overall profitability, and optimize the structure of its operations.
There is still room for marginal improvement in 19 years, a breakthrough in the city’s tax-free shop policy and a domestic (8621), 60933978 Prygton.
The increase in the Māori rate was not as high as expected: tax-free shops within the city were not as expected: domestic liberalization of tax-free operations: renminbi; exchange rates continued to depreciate; stock-free shops affected by economic weakness performed less than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment