The latest data released by Hainan Customs on 2 January show that the rate of tax-free sales was high during New Year's Day 2019, December 2018.
On 1 January 2019, two tax-free shops at Sanya and Haiguchi sold 144,000 tax-free items off the island, 32,000 purchases and 130 million yuan yuan in sales, representing an increase of 16.9 per cent, 17.3 per cent and 19.4 per cent, respectively, compared to the New Year ' s holiday of 2018, and a high rate of growth in duty-free sales off the island. On 28 November 2018, the Ministry of Finance issued an announcement that it would leave the island.
On 27 December 2018, the Ministry of Finance, the Customs Administration, and the General Tax Administration issued a joint public announcement stating that the vessel would be used as a research assistant.
Since then, the exemption policy has covered all three modes of transport off the island, including air, land and sea. The exemption policy has been adjusted for the fifth time by December 1, 2018, when the role of the port has been defined.
In the first month since the latest policy was implemented, customs has been overseeing the sale of 1.89 million duty-free items off the island, selling $1.11 billion, purchasing the weekly products of the industry, gathering policy foresight, market hot spots, deep-seated industries, and pursuing them.
Two duty-free shops in Hainan Province sold a total of 5992 tax-free items of over $8,000, a rapid increase of 27.6% over the same period, which suggests that investors in the off-island tax-exempt regime have an important reference value for absolute gains. The easing of the policy’s impact on the sale of high-unit goods has been evident, with a marked rise in the price of passenger units, leading to a rapid increase in total sales.
[Excellent push] The industry coverage company has a winner, and each yeast is either tax-free or will continue to grow at a high rate in 2019, and Hainan is expected to become a landmark tourist consumption centre. The period is one to two stocks.
Change, follow-up reviews, and if stock changes are recommended, explain. [Excellently] For the next three months, we're looking at the best, and we think that these stock trends are going to be a significant victory over the market.
The average daily house price was $120.2 per cent, an increase of 2.2 per cent, and the per room available was $68.93, an increase of 3.3 per cent.
Sinda Securities Inc. Global: in October 2018, the highest global occupancy rate was in Europe, at 77.4 per cent, and the lowest in the Middle East and Africa, at cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
(b) The region with the highest global average housing prices is Europe, at $144.0 and the Asia-Pacific region, at $111.7;
As of November 2018, our tax-free imports had reached $14.42 billion, or 23.2 per cent, and as of October 2018, our air traffic had reached 510 million passengers, or 11.5 per cent.
Risk factors: macroeconomic downsides, high exchange rate fluctuations, political and diplomatic tensions, high incidences of malignant events, repeated meteorological disasters and extreme weather events.
The company’s profits grew faster in the first quarter of the third quarter than in the second quarter, mainly as a result of one-time expenses such as rent paid by the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop for the first three quarters, while tax-free operations in the rest of the region remained well on display. According to the company, tax-exempt operations at Lagdell and White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou had lost their profits in September, including the first three seasons of White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou.
According to the Sanya City Tourism Board, 15.51 million visitors were received in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 10.8 per cent in the same year; tourism income of $35.4 billion, an increase of 13.9 per cent in the same year; and cumulative shopping increases of 30.3 per cent in the same period between January and September.
From January to September of this year, Sanya hosted 57.7 million visitors, an increase of 13.3% over the same period, and the expansion of tourism products effectively contributed to a double increase in tourism revenues and tourism, with a marked boost to the performance of the country’s travelers. Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, showed earlier than expected. According to the company, Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, started in March 2018 and showed earlier than we had anticipated in September.
China’s tourism industry, driven by its own expansion and high growth in its industry, will continue to grow at a high rate, while the company’s travel agency’s operations will rise steadily, 48 times as fast. As a result of Japan’s Shanghai and China’s rising profits, and Sanya’s sub-high-high-growth companies are operating duty-free from the island, the risks are substantial, the risks of the conglomerates, the exchange rate risks, the unanticipated growth of the industry, and the factors of force majeure.
Relevant studies: China Brigade 20180717 (601888.sh): Consumption escalation plus policy support, with tax-free flagships becoming stronger; China Brigade 20180723 (60188.sh): Shanghai Airport, with a win in Japan, with the right to tax-free operation expanding again; China Brigade 2018106 (60188.sh): Tax-exempt operations with one-time expenditure affecting profit growth
Toysche, Master of International Trade and Commercial Law, McCorrey University, officially joined the CSP in December 2014 for research in the consumer and energy industries. Fan Xian, Master of Finance and Investment, Eksset University, officially joined the CSP in April 2017 for research in the consumer sector.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.