On the occasion of the incident in China's National Travel (601888), tax-free spaces were opened for the opening of tax-free stores in Haiguchi and Bojong City.
According to the South China Sea Network, the duty-free shop in Haikou City, Hainan Province, and the tax-free shop in Bojang City were officially opened on 19 January 2019. With the easing of the tax-free policy in Hainan Island, the opening of two duty-free shops in Hainan Island is expected to open up further the growth of the duty-free market in Hainan Island.
The core area of the Moon Square is 22,000 square metres, with an initial opening area of 13,000 square metres. The tax-free shop is located in Bochen Asia Forum Area in the city of Jomhai and operates 4,200 square metres. Compared to the 72,000 square metres of commercial area of the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free city, the two intra-city tax-free shops are smaller. Both duty-free stores in the city are operated by Hainan Province (hereinafter referred to as Hainan Province Tax-Free Goods Limited)
The China Free Company is responsible for its operations, while the commodity supplier is a fully-owned subsidiary of the company. At present, China Tourist Group, the owner of the company, has been approved by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the operator involved in the centralized antimonopoly review has taken a decision not to prohibit it, and 51% of the company's stockholdings registered with China Tourist Group have been processed by the General Directorate of Supervision.
In order to avoid competition problems between China and China, the China Travel Group, the controlling shareholder, will soon initiate the process of injecting 51% of its shares in China and China. Thus, the newly-opened Haiguchi and Bozo duty-free shops have followed up on the company’s probabilities, and the goods are procured directly from their origin by the China Free Group, with the easing of tax-exempt policies from the island.
On 24 December 2018, the company signed an agreement on the transfer of shares in 100% of the shares of the China International Travel Agency General Service Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Share Transfer Agreement”), to which the company intends to turn.
The China Tourism Group transfers 100% of the shares of the National Travel Service, with a transfer price of 1,831 million yuan, for a period of three months from the date of entry into force of the Equity Transfer Agreement, which is a lump sum payment in cash from the China Tourism Group to the Chinese Travel Group. It is mainly engaged in travel agency operations, and income growth has slowed steadily in recent years, with negative revenue growth and weak profitability in 2017, contributing more to the company’s overall profits than ever before.
Low, 1.34% of the company ' s net return profit in 2017. After this transaction is completed, the GNB will no longer be included in the company ' s consolidated form, and the company will withdraw from travel agency operations, focus on tax-exempt owners, further sharpen strategic positioning, and promote an optimal alignment of its business structure. This transaction will enhance the company ' s continued profitability and contribute to its long-term development.
At the same time, the transaction will provide the company with a capital reserve to lay the foundation for future tax-exempt operations. The rating system’s “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.