The company will establish a fully-owned subsidiary with its own capital to invest in Hong Kong, with a registered capital of HK$ 50 million, and will operate a municipal tax-free shop in Hong Kong.
The Hong Kong market is larger than Macao, and there is more competition in the city's stores. In 2018, Hong Kong received 65 million passengers/retail sales of about 311.8 billion yuan (the first three seasons), which is larger than Macao (35.8 million times 47.8 million yuan).
In the long run, Hong Kong will play a leading role in the creation and finance of Hong Kong’s Grand Bay Plan (the big communiqué) and will continue to be an important hub for high-end customers in the Asia-Pacific region, with a huge retail market potential. Similarly to Macau, however, Hong Kong’s tax-free market is facing more intense competition.
The Unit has an important layout for cosmetic retailers such as Deep 300, where the price of some products is more than tax-free, and the whole city, where the layout is intended to: internationalize expansion + travel agency flow + airport shop.
In our view, the company's business in Hong Kong is mainly based on three levels of concern: (1) as a world-renowned shopping paradise, the placement of Hong Kong City stores is important for the company's strategy to further internationalization; (2) Hong Kong's tourist market has recovered significantly since 2018 (15/35 per cent in the 18th full year and 19th spring season).
The company’s recent stock prices have clearly warmed, and we believe that the short-term benefits of the company’s performance being disturbed by one-time costs are already in place.
In the medium-to-long term: (1) the company currently has long-term growth dynamics, regardless of its stock channel (the White Cloud Bill rises, Hong Kong loses) or its incremental channel (Kyoto City store, new off-island tax-free shop, Beijing II airport); (2) the successive distributions of Macao and Hong Kong are expected to open up the space for tax-free business growth in overseas markets: (3) a share in msci
The qfii level is expected to rise in the future, and the BN, as a higher-performing industry weighting, is looking at the company ' s research brief: stripping is more likely to lead to higher foreign capital inflows.
Travel agency operations, focus on duty-free majors Incorporation of White Cloud Airport emissions into profit projections, adjustment of company eps from 2019 to 2020 at $2.09, 2.52 and less progress than expected in bidding for Da Hing Airport; duty-free sales off the island; liberalization of tax-free franchise policies.
Jonesy, Dean of the Humanist Institute, and Dr. Vanderbilt University of Finance Mathematics, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Gangan, and author of the Shanghai Futures Exchange, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence.