Sindha's excellent push for a “swam before pay” model is back, with new, logical risks remaining. “swam before pay” is the business model “trip first, then pay later.” As early as 2011, payment treasures were rolled out for payments similar to “swap before pay”.
Now that the “swam before pay” model is back, the donkey’s mother, in collaboration with the Hong Kong Central Bank, has launched the “swap before pay” brand, which is currently running for almost a month on trial. Consumers choose “swam before pay” products, followed by a letter check from the bank to the consumer, and checked for full bank advance payments, which will be paid within three days of the end of the journey, otherwise they will be paid in instalments.
The “swap-and-pay” model is a double-edged sword for ota when the online dividends are reduced and competition in the industry increases. The “swap-and-pay” model may expand the ota profit margin and push tourism-wide supply chain reforms to promote tourism credit systems.
Fancheng Research Assistant “Credit Consumption” has changed, and there is a clear post-90 trend in credit consumption in tourism consumption. Tourism lending services can expand the availability of customers, stimulate the consumption of young customers, raise the sales of high-value-added tourism products, and widen profit margins.
In addition to “opportunity guides” and others, to meet the trend of the “Tourism 2.0” to the “Tourist 3.0” era, to create a “Tourism 2.0” model, to force tourism, and to promote quality service development and supply-chain reform, thereby upgrading consumer experience, upgrading industry credit systems, and building a tourism eco-communities.
However, the “swap before pay” model will continue to face risks such as poor quality assurance of tourism products and higher cost of consumer complaints. Because tourism products, market hot spots, industry depth, are integrated, the pursuit of essentially “services” is more difficult to control than the real product, there is a lack of criteria to measure the satisfaction of tourists, and donkey mothers screen for “swap before”
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. Payment to “suppliers of products” is more difficult, tourism consumption is instantaneous and irreversible, and the “swap before pay” project carries a higher risk of cash flow than [excellently] industry-covering companies are winning.
In addition, in the course of tourism, consumers have a different sense of service and experience, as expected, with only 1-2 shares. Weekly updates, if the offer is not satisfied with the tourism product being purchased, tourists may not be able to repay the money to the bank by the deadline and have a complaint with the ota, while the donkey mother has a complaint.
The promise of unsatisfiedness, therefore, remains an opportunity and a challenge for the ota, and the model will need to accelerate the promotion of innovation in tourism products and services if it is to develop into a long-term sustainable profit model that does not rely solely on marketing to attract flows.
For the next three months, we think that these stock trends are going to be a significant victory over the market.
cinda securitiesco., ltd, 0.9 per cent more than year-on-year; income per room available was $213.5, 0.2 per cent less year-on-year.
United States: 57.3 per cent hotel occupancy in the United States area in the third week of December 2018, an increase of 1.3 percentage points in the same year; average daily house price of $111.1, an increase of 3.2 per cent in the same year; available house income per room of $68.3 per cent, an increase of 4.6 per cent in the same year; global: in November 2018, the region with the highest global occupancy rate was the Asia-Pacific region of Europe, with 72.8 per cent, and the lowest was the Americas region, with 62.0 per cent;
The highest global average house prices are in the Middle East and Africa, at $142.6 dollars, and the lowest in Asia and the Pacific, at $108.9 dollars; and in the Middle East and Africa, at $98.5 dollars per room available for sale, and in the Americas, at $77.1 dollars.In August 2018, tax-free sales from the Islands were $740 million, an increase of 28.0 per cent. The number of duty-free consumers from the Islands was 223,000.
By November 2018, our tax-free imports had reached $14.42 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent, and by November 2018 [aviation], our air traffic had reached 560 million passengers, an increase of 11.2 per cent over the same period.
In the current period, the China Travel (60188.sh) tax-exempt business is growing rapidly, the Māori rate continues to rise, and the Māori rate continues to rise. The Māori rate, driven by the rapid development of tax-free business, continues to rise, with high performance rates.
Less than one or two quarters, mainly due to one-time expenses, such as rent payments from the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop for the first three quarters, and the maintenance of tax-free operations in other areas. According to the company, tax-free operations at Lagdell and Baiyun Airports in Guangzhou in Hong Kong were lost in September, of which approximately $540 million was generated by tax-free operations in the first three quarters of Baiyun Airport in Guangzhou.
According to the Sanya City Tourism Board, during the first three quarters of the year, there were 15.51 million visitors in Sanya, an increase of 10.8 per cent in the same year; a total tourism revenue of $35.4 billion, an increase of 13.9 per cent in the same year; and a 30.3 per cent increase in the cumulative number of shoppers in January-September, with a strong market performance in Sanya, which received 57.7 million visitors in January-September this year, an increase of 13.3 per cent.
The expansion of policies and tourism products has effectively contributed to the double growth of tourism revenues and tourism populations in Sanya, and has contributed significantly to the performance of the country’s travels. Japan’s Shanghai shows earlier than expected.
China’s tourism industry, driven by its own expansion and high growth in its industry, will continue to grow at a high rate, while the company’s travel agency’s operations will rise steadily, 48 times as fast. As a result of Japan’s Shanghai and China’s rising profits, and Sanya’s sub-high-high-growth companies are operating duty-free from the island, the risks are substantial, the risks of the conglomerates, the exchange rate risks, the unanticipated growth of the industry, and the factors of force majeure.
Relevant studies: China Brigade 20180717 (601888.sh): Consumption escalation plus policy support, with tax-free flagships becoming stronger; China Brigade 20180723 (60188.sh): China Roadboarding the Shanghai Airport, with tax-free operating rights expanding again; China Brigade 2018106 (60188.sh): Tax-exempt operations growing at a high rate, with one-time expenditure affecting profit growth
Toysche, Master of International Trade and Commercial Law, McCorrey University, officially joined the CSP in December 2014 for research in the consumer and energy industries. Fan Xian, Master of Finance and Investment, Eksset University, officially joined the CSP in April 2017 for research in the consumer sector.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.