The winner of the grand airport, the combined strength guarantee performance growth 10/03/19 Research Assistant, Xiaojie
The company issued a public announcement that on 8 March, the China General Tender Network issued a public announcement of the winning candidates for the project for tax-free operations in the international zone of Daesing International Airport in Beijing, in which they were exempted from becoming the first winning candidate for the first and second tranches of tobacco, alcohol, food and perfumed and fine items.
The exemption from competitive bidding for airport duty-free points, both of which are in the first place, highlights the combined strength. The initial evaluation of the bid for the international airport duty-free project was completed on 5 March, and the winning candidate was published on 8 March, with the deadline of 11 March. The tax-free bid was divided into cigarettes, food (1,666 square metres) and fragrants.
(cdfg, cnsc, deep-seated, beads are exempted from participation in the bidding process for the first 10 years from the start of the first fee-bearing year, with no deduction rates below the bead rate and no operating fees for the base for the base year (46/416 million yuan, 49/530 million yuan) and are expected to be in the first place.
The label is evaluated in conjunction with the technical markers.  the combined rate of deductions is not expected to be higher than in the capital, t2, and the profitability is expected to be assured. While the rate of deductions for alcohol, tobacco and food is as high as 49%, the sum of the guaranteed operating costs is $646 million, and the combined rate of deductions calculated for the reference base operating costs is estimated to be 646 million.
Forty-seven per cent, all lower than the capital t2; assuming a ratio of 85 per cent for the glorification of the airport and the sale of the fine items, the corresponding rate for the kiosks was 46.45 per cent, and when the ratio was 80-90 per cent, the total rate for the kiosks was 46.3-46.6 per cent, which was also lower than the projected high growth in passenger traffic at the airport, with tax-free increases and a further deepening of the scale effect.
The airport is scheduled to be operational by September 30, and according to the Central American Civil Aviation Authority ' s " Configuration and Coordination Program " , companies such as the East China Airlines, South China Airlines, Capital Air, etc. will be transferred to Daeheung Airport to operate. It is expected that passengers at the airport will swallow up by 2025.
Seventy-two million people, 82 million passengers at the capital airport, a significant increase in passenger traffic, a simultaneous expansion of the tax-free business model, and an enhanced procurement-scale effect are expected to lead to an increase in the Māori procurement rate. The Hainan island is far from home, with a competitive advantage.
“In the island-wide phase of building a free trade port, tax-free concessions will no longer exist.
Robust and low profits from non-recurrent events are tax-free products.” We expect that the short-term landings may be small, that they will be built up as quickly as possible after 2025, that the current increase in the postage tax limit has not yet been achieved, and that it is expected to be more difficult to move the island-wide tax-free process forward.
2. China Travel (601888): Over the years, the tax-exempt industry has had a great deal of experience in terms of procurement size, brand visibility, location of shops, etc., and it is expected that the prices will be removed from the National Hotel and focus on new tax-exempt issues.
At the tfwa annual summit, General Manager Chen Guoqiang was eliminated.
3. China National Travel (601888): Departure from the island states that it will speed up the deployment of duty-free shops in Macao, Beijing, Shanghai, Qingdao and Xiamen; and that it will ease the tax-free quota to meet expectations and wait for the city.
Pigs, payment treasures and new tourism retailing, including 1) front line: online marketing promotion, online pre-purchase, 2) line: integration of rights of members of flying pigs, payment benefits; 3) post-line: member data deposition, co-publishing duty-free shops opening up room for growth
Recruitment, etc.; the Hangzhou Airport tax-free shop has been piloted.  Profit forecast: not taking into account the growth in performance resulting from Daejung airport, city-based tax-free shops and sea-free transfer, taking into account the travel of the country, Table 4: Combined rate of deductions
Figure 1: Estimated passenger throughput at the two main airports in Beijing (in thousands)