On 2 January, the Chinese Association of Travel Agents published the Professional Standards for Research Travel Mentors (primary and secondary schools), which defines research travel mentors.
In accordance with the standards, the mentor must first satisfy the requirements of holding a first-level and higher-level guided tour certificate and participate in the training of research travel mentors organized by China Travel Agency and other organizations, before being certified as a research travel mentor. The standards specify the professional standards of research and travel mentors, and the tourism industry is further regulated.
In recent years, the tourist industry has grown rapidly, supported by both policy and market benefits. According to global travel data, the number of tourists in the country has increased rapidly since 2014, from 350,000 to 850,000 in 2017, and the number of tourists in the cagr to 34% in 2017.
The introduction of study tours into compulsory classes for primary and secondary school students, as well as the promotion of policy-supported funding, has further contributed to the development of the field of study at the policy level. In addition, important market factors, such as the full opening of the second-child policy, the emergence of demographic dividends in the k12 stage (pre-school education to upper secondary school) and the continuous development of the foreign market, have led to some progress in the field of study.
According to China ' s International Study of the Traveling Industry, by 2020, the country is expected to have 1.7 million users and a market size of 43.5 billion yuan, with an average annual growth rate of more than 20%. Compared to the current large population base of 183 million in K12, the country ' s tourist penetration rate is a weekly industry product, gathering policy forwards and policies.
Market hot spots, industry depths, and pursuits are still low, and there is much room for market development. The rapid growth of the tourism industry is accompanied by the impatience of products in the industry, the lack of industry standards, etc.
The problem has also come to light, and the process of industry regulation still needs to be accelerated. The quality of the products currently in the market is mixed, many of the products are “swap” (excellently), the industry covers the best in the company, there is an imbalance in the ratio of each, the curriculum is fragmented, loosely dispersed, and one of the main factors that constrains the development of the industry is the current lack of performance in the products.
The period is one to two shares. A weekly update, with no monitoring and evaluation in place if the offer is non-professional, highlights the lack of standards for the qualification of practitioners, which is expected to be effective, tracks the rating and, if so, the reasons for the offer.
Although the increase in the standards of research mentors may have impeded the short-term development of the industry, in the long term, the demand for the tourism industry remains, and its long-term sustainable development will be facilitated by the standardization of research mentors. In the future, the expansion of the tourism market will still need to be relevant.
They believe that these stock trends will significantly overcome the market, and that the construction sector will introduce more industry standards and strengthen regulation to ensure the continued healthy development of the tourism sector. For tourism institutions, it is important to focus on improving the quality of their products, so that “learning” effectively cuts through the “swap” process, moving from supply-side to market maturity.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The United States: 48.8 per cent hotel occupancy in the United States area in the first week of January 2019, a 0.4 percentage point decline in the same year; the average daily house price was $130.7, an increase of 5.6 per cent in the same year; and the available house income was $63.8 per room, an increase of 5.2 per cent in the same year.
Global: In November 2018, the highest global occupancy rate was in the Asia-Pacific region, at 72.8 per cent, and the lowest in the Americas, at 62.0 per cent; the highest global average housing cost was in the Middle East and Africa, at $142.6 and the lowest in the Asia-Pacific region, at $108.9; the highest worldwide income per room was in the Middle East and Africa, at $98.5 and the lowest in the Americas, at $77.1.
As of November 2018, tax-exempt imports had reached $14.42 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent. As of November 2018, our civil aviation passenger traffic had reached 560 million, an increase of 11.2 per cent.
Risk factors: macroeconomic downsides, high exchange rate fluctuations, political and diplomatic tensions, frequent malignant events, recurrent meteorological disasters and extreme weather events.
The company’s profits grew faster in the first quarter of the third quarter than in the second quarter, mainly as a result of one-time expenses such as rent paid by the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop for the first three quarters, while tax-free operations in the rest of the region remained well on display. According to the company, tax-exempt operations at Lagdell and White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou had lost their profits in September, including the first three seasons of White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou.
According to the Sanya City Tourism Board, 15.51 million visitors were received in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 10.8 per cent in the same year; tourism income of $35.4 billion, an increase of 13.9 per cent in the same year; and cumulative shopping increases of 30.3 per cent in the same period between January and September.
From January to September of this year, Sanya hosted 57.7 million visitors, an increase of 13.3% over the same period, and the expansion of tourism products effectively contributed to a double increase in tourism revenues and tourism, with a marked boost to the performance of the country’s travelers. Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, showed earlier than expected. According to the company, Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, started in March 2018 and showed earlier than we had anticipated in September.
\triangleright The Chinese Brigade is driven by its own expansion and high growth in the industry, and tax-free operations will continue to grow at a high rate, while the company travel agency will increase steadily, 48 times as fast. As a result of Japan’s Shanghai combination of factors that increase the company’s profits, Sanya hosts high-speed and good-growth companies that leave the island duty-free.
Risks, conglomerate risks, exchange rate risks, industry growth below expectations, and force majeure factors.
High growth in tax-exempt operations, one-time expenditure affecting profit growth. Toysche, Master of International Trade and Commercial Law, University of McCorrey, officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2014 for research in the consumer and energy-chemical industries. Fan Chang-hwan, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Exeter, officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2017 for research in the consumer sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.