q4 net return to the mother-on-year drop of 29 per cent is significantly lower than expected: the company published its fast-track performance report for 2018, which resulted in operating income of 47,012 million yuan a year, compared with the previous year
Lulitien grew by 66.23 per cent; the net return to the mother was 3,148 million yuan, an increase of 24.39 per cent over the same period; the net deduction was higher at the end of Camp 2018q4 and negative profit growth at the end.
High-speed growth of 71.29 per cent over the same year for the 2018q4 battalion, a decrease of 3.41 per cent in total profits over the same year, and a net return to the motherland, mainly due to the company ' s incorporation of Shanghai into the consolidated statement in March 2018, the consolidation and optimization of existing duty-free off-island operations and the implementation of duty-free operations at the capital airport and Hong Kong airport
As a result, the company experienced a significant decline in its profit end of 2018q4, which is expected to be due to: (i) a decrease in the Māori rate as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate; and (ii) an increase in rental fees and remuneration for tax-free operations in Shanghai, Shanghai, the capital airport and Hong Kong airport, resulting in a marked increase in the cost rate during the period.
On December 1, 2018, duty-free duty-free landings on the island were implemented, increasing the tax-free shopping limit from $16,000 to $30,000 per person per year.
From 1 December to 15 December, six months after the tax-exempt adjustment of the island, the customs service at Hainan managed to sell 62.01 million tax-exempt items, with a value of $489 million and 125,000 passenger purchases, an increase of 11.33 per cent. Two tax-exempt enterprises in Hainan Province sold more than $8,000 in tax-exempt goods.
As can be seen from the fact that 5992 items, with a rapid increase of 27.6 per cent over the same period, the fifth release of the off-island duty-free policy has had a significant impact on the sale of high-value goods of over $8,000, with a marked rise in unit prices, which has helped companies to continue to grow tax-free off-island operations at a faster rate.
According to the South China Sea Network, the duty-free shop in Hainan Province and the tax-free shop in Bo Chi City were opened on 19 January 2019.
In order to avoid competition problems between China’s companies and China’s companies, the controlling shareholders are among the shareholders.
As soon as possible, the group will initiate a process to inject 51% of its shareholdings into the company. As a result, the newly opened Haiguchi tax-free shop and the Bozo tax-free shop will be attributed to the company’s flag, and the goods will be purchased directly from their origin by the group, together with the departure.
The island’s tax-exempt policy has been relaxed, and the size of the company’s tax-exempt business is expected to increase further.
• A system of ratings for securities investment: the “market index” reference point for this rating system is 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.