High income and exchange rate fluctuations lead to higher costs, and a recovery in medium-term prospects
Dollars, 66.23% increase in the same year; parent-to-man ' s net profit, $3.148 billion increase, 24.39% increase in the same year; parent-to-manufactured non-profit, $3.199 billion increase, 30.04% increase in the same year. The impact of company-to-manufactured Māori ratios in the fourth quarter of the company ' s operations. The company ' s historical Māori ratio is clearly linked to the exchange rate.
The rounding increased by about 3.5 percentage points by 38.13 per cent in the fourth quarter, based on a fast-track performance report. The stock turnover of companies was approximately 2 months, and the company ' s procurement time was right in the fourth quarter. The Maori rate would continue to be under pressure in the first quarter of the year and improved in the second quarter.
The company has increased revenue from its duty-free operations in Hainan, through the acquisition of the Shanghai Tax-Free Company Limited, the consolidation and optimization of the existing off-island duty-free operations and the implementation of tax-free operations at the Capital and Hong Kong airports throughout the year.
The tax-free shop in Shanghai is more mature. This year's increase comes mainly from the semi-annual report, which shows that the tax-free shop in Shanghai has led to a significant increase in income in the second quarter, and from China's travel (601888, sh): Hainan tax-free quota.
The average monthly income is 1.2 billion yuan. The tax-free market in Sanya Bay was raised in the first half of the year, the profits of the brigade grew at a rate of 4,032 million yuan, resulting in an increase in tax-free business income of 898 million yuan.
28.65%. Hainan's tax-free shop is about $700 million to $800 million per month, slightly above Beijing, but far from Shanghai, and its operations are expanding, and the sales of the Sea Bay tax-free shop are on the rise.
In 2019, the island’s tax-free operations were expected to increase by more than 30% in sales on the same year. Changes in tax-free license plates policy; and upward pressure on the cost of devaluation of the renminbi against the dollar.