5g light communications upstage, with data centre support added to the turbo communications (300394.sz) 08/05/2020
• The high profile of the luminous communication industry, which continues to benefit from upstream optical devices, covering for the first time an “buy-in” rating, Skybil is an advanced optical electronic manufacturing service provider in the field of light communications, focusing mainly on high-end non-source and high-speed photolithography encapsulation oems.
The Māori rate remains high within the industry, with the advantage of size and the high rate of excellence. 5g imposes higher speed requirements on the light communication transmission network, leading to a sharp change in the speed of light devices from low to high. With the spread of 5g applications and the rapid construction of the centre, the outbreak of data flows will further boost the prosperity of the entire light communication industry as light.
Upstream industrial optical devices in communications will continue to benefit, and corporate performance is expected to grow rapidly. We predict that there is a certain margin of valuation relative to that of a company, that they are covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. • Client-oriented precision R & D, multichannel control of costs, M & A is in the forefront of the industry
Companies continuously add up their R & D inputs, intervene early in the R & D phase, understand client product application scenarios and key control points, target efficiency improvements, more product lines to automate and customize production, client precision to meet demand, and constant high-value client preference.
Vertical intra-group synergies are achieved to reduce the company’s sensitivity to changes in raw materials prices. Companies reduce efficiency, optimize processes, improve efficiency, and increase Māori rates to industry leaders. 5g and data centres lift the light communication chain high, and companies are expected to outperform expectations.
With the fast-evolving information technology, the light communications industry itself is moving in the direction of greater bandwidth and higher transmission speed, while the relevant photochip device is moving in the direction of higher integration and lower power consumption.
Production and supply capacity. With the rapid development of 5g and data centres, leading to further outbreaks of data flows, the market space for the optical device industry will be opened, and companies are expected to perform beyond expectations with the scale, advantages and high performance associated with their rich product lines and the accumulation of deep technology.
1. Fibre communications: Advanced optical electronics service providers in the field of optical communications 1.1, 15-carrying chain of deep-farming communications upstream, product matrix rich, solution complete 15 years of deep-farming in the company's light-based communications industry, full-scale programme provider of light/no-source devices.
From the sourceless point of view, until 2015, when the business board of the firm was placed on the market and the Sioux State Research and Development Centre was built. In 2016, the Department expanded its outreach to include Jiangxi Tianfu, Shenzhen, and Wuhan branches, with additional overseas operations, a joint venture in the field of nanoscale precision optical lenses for the Japanese tsuoismold company, and the layout of the data centre.
In 2018, the company set up an American-Hong Kong subsidiary to further expand its overseas sales of R & D; by 2019, the company upgraded its strategy to become an advanced optical electronic manufacturing service oms (opticalmanufacturing services) platform. By April 2020, Tienfue had become a provider of the overall solution for high-end non-source devices, high-speed light.
The equipment is covered by the Oem manufacturer, which is in the upper chain of the light communication industry and has the ability to provide a one-stop, modular product solution for downstream customers.
The main product lines of the pre-market company are focused on lightless devices, which can be classified as three main product lines: 1) Upstream ceramic tubes: the company established a ceramic tube line in 2005 and continuously improved the process and improved the quality of the product after delivery in 2006; 2) fibre optic adapters: the company forms a complete ceramic piper.
Further extension of the technology to the production of fibre optic adapters, establishment of fibre optic adapter production lines in 2006, construction of a plastic matrix production line in 2011, establishment of a plastic model design processing centre in 2013, with the possibility of self-designing of plastics, production of the modules and plastic parts; 3) optical and hair interface components: the company developed light interface component production technology in 2008.
In 2009, work began on the development of technology for the production of metal parts and, by 2010, the establishment of a high-precision cnc digitally controlled production line for the production of bulk quantities of metal parts required for the optical-receiver interface components.
and new products of light-sourced devices: company extension of photo-receivable component production lines with sequesters in 2016, product lines for mpo (multi-fiberpusshoff) high-density cable connectors, osa (opticalsubassembly, photo-submodules, with tosa\rosa\bosa) high-speed optical device production lines; company creation of fibre-optic lenses in 2017
The product solution for the 400-g light module of the company was completed in 2018, with a basis for release; by April 2020, the company had 13 production lines and the capacity to provide seven major programmes.
Table 2: The company’s industrial chain is rich, with a wide range of applications in three main areas. Corporate solutions are complete and wide-ranging. Companies use their 13 production lines to build seven product solutions that provide customers with a comprehensive solution for high-end non-source devices and high-speed light devices encapsulating oem.
The company is based on the two main business blocks of the High-end Unsourced Device as a whole and High-Range Light Device as a wide range of products in the areas of telecommunications, data communications, and physical networking.
1.2. Company decision-making is efficient, subsidiary business is clearly divided, corporate equity is concentrated, and decision-making is implemented efficiently.
In order for shareholders to work together for a longer period, the founders will be more fully represented in this type of equity structure, with the pace of policy landing, a clear division of labour among the company’s main affiliates, and a better geographical position to boost the company’s profits.
External operations take on the overall logic; while domestic labour-intensive, land-intensive industries, such as production centres, tend to be located in areas where human capital such as Gao An and Jiangxi have a stronger comparative advantage in land capital, allowing companies to reduce efficiency gains and maintain high value for money.
1.3. Motivated, technologically mature, well-performing companies have a better overall quality of business and network-building has become a catalyst for performance. Gross operating income, 2011-2019, largely as a result of a number of new product lines that achieved mass production and increased capacity and income in 2019, while the company
Overseas market sales continued to grow at a high rate, with sales earnings from external sales growing by 29.30 per cent in 2019 on a year-on-year basis compared with 2018.A net profit return showed that the net return profits of companies increased by 16.55 per cent in 2011-2019, reaching $163 million in 2019, an increase of 22.91 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the arrival of new product lines in the post-partum period.
In the 5g era, there was a growth base, with market-oriented R & D support performance exceeding expectations, and light devices were an important link in the chain of light communication industries.
2. The optical device is the upper part of the light communication industry chain, divided into lightless and light-sourced devices. The light communication device varies according to physical form and can be divided into photochips, lightware (both passive and active), light modules, and light circuits.
A light device may be a self-contained element or a component of a light module capable of performing the functions of generating light signals, signal modem, detection, optical transformation, photovoltaic conversion, etc. Depending on whether extra energy-driven work is required and whether photovoltaic conversion is carried out, the light device may be divided into a lightless device and a light-sourced device. The lightless device is a light device.
A communication system requires the consumption of a certain amount of light energy, a certain function, and not photo-electric or electro-optically converted devices, including fibre-optic connectors, fibre-optic coupling, photo-wave-couplers, photo-decompositioners, and photo-segregaters. A light-source device means a device in a light communication system that converts a telecommunications signal to a light signal or converts a light signal to a telecom.
A light launcher, a fibre-optic laser, a light detector, a light amplifier, a light modem, etc. In a light network, a light-sourced device is used to achieve signal magnification, transformation, etc., and a lightless device is used to transmit a signal.
The main products of the company are: ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, photo-receipt interface components, separators, high-density wire cable connectors, high-speed OSa light devices, etc.
2.2 A company based on passive devices, taking into account the high future demand for source devices. Māori companies have recovered steadily, taking into account light-source devices. According to the composition of the company, the company currently collects mostly light-sourced devices, with a high rate of 90.86 per cent in 2019; and light-source devices account for 10.02 per cent by 2018.
In 2019, there was a fall; Māori ratio was 53.85 per cent overall, higher than the RPV 33.57 per cent, and in 2019 the company increased the development of several priority product lines, such as separators, cable connectors, osa. Inputs, technology closings and large clients developed and reduced, to a lesser extent, the production capacity of low-competitive, non-sourced products.
For the benefit of 5g base stations and idc, the source devices will be the mainstream product and the market potential will be significant. For the owner of the company to apply the 5g base station and the data centre, both focus on the current "New Capital" project, where, according to the Centre, 400g light module requirements, the 5g base station construction and release period will result in a massive upgrade of the entire transmission network.
The demand for the 25g light module is expected to rise in 2020 and 2021 at the size of the idc market and the 5g base station. The demand for the module is expected to open up to a small outbreak and likely to last until 2023, and the potential for the market is considerable.
For 10 g-based products, after 2018, the company accelerated the deployment of the 25g-era solution for the 25g module in the 5g era; the month already had small bulk supply conditions and a base for future release; on 17 March, the company released a private stock plan to raise $786 million for the 5g and data centre ' s high-speed light engine construction project, which is expected to result in a total of 786 million dollars.
A comparative advantage will be built for companies, which are expected to be added to corporate performance in the context of the gradual decline of the bareware, with greater potential for growth. 2.3. Corporations help their clients to reduce efficiency gains and provide higher value for money relative to higher market share of products
2.3.1. Long-term stable and good cooperative relationships with upstream clients have been established with a view to increasing the stability of the performance of corporate development clients and reducing the concentration of procurement suppliers. Corporate sales fees have been significantly reduced since 2017, mainly because of the abundance of corporate product lines and the availability of core processes in the deep-fertilized communications equipment industry.
Friends have an advantage in size and a high rate of excellence to meet the core 5g-era efficiency mitigation requirements; companies have a strong upstream bargaining power, a low concentration of upstream suppliers, and vertical intra-group synergies to reduce their sensitivity to changes in raw material prices, while maintaining a high Māori rate.
2.3.2 Early involvement of R & D teams, precision dynamics. Companies are equipped with their own R & D teams to respond to client demand and actively promote market transformation of R & D outcomes. Companies have senior transnational technology R & D, management teams, market orientation, high-end market positioning, and high-level
Quality product concepts. Companies have more product lines to scale and customize their production, help them reduce their costs by in-depth customizing high-quality clients in their industries; companies intervene early in the R & D phase to understand their clients’ product applications and key control points, or target their R & D inputs, drawing on the company's leading global processes.
At the same time, the Department’s research team has been able to market its own technology and accumulate more than 70 patents.
By region, the share of China's mainland business income to 2020q1 was 61.07 per cent, and Hong Kong and Ao Dai's overseas operations 38.93 per cent; since they were listed, companies have established subsidiaries in Japan, Hong Kong, China, and the United States to strengthen controls over Hong Kong and overseas markets, 2015
High rates of product excellence, high value for money advantages that shape their own globalized distribution systems and continue to expand. 2.4. High-scene radiator demand in the PV industry raises new corporate opportunities. 2.4.1 and 5g incremental telecommunications markets
5g technology leads to a data flow explosion, requiring an increase in the performance of the optical communicators. According to the itu definition, 5g have three typical applications, including mobile broadband enhancement, high reliability ultra-low time delay, and large-scale machine communications, which will lead to explosive increases in access numbers and traffic density. A large number of mobile data outbreaks will transmit data.
The transmission needs to be more efficient if the network is to hit. The light device is an upstream industry in the field of light communication, where light communication requirements are increasing, and high-performance light communication devices will gradually be released. 5g base stations have expanded and single-base station light modules have increased, and high-speed light units have increased.
The stations have shorter wavelengths and smaller coverage, and the objective realization of full network 5g requires more base stations. During the 5g period, the number of light modules required for a single base station during the 5g period also increased owing to the different frequency of communications between the three operators. The number of light modules required for a single base station during the 4g period was 2/6, while the 5g period was preceded by a transfer of 6/12 light models.
2.4.2. Large-scale data centres are being built to boost the demand for light communications on a continuous basis. Cloud + margin calculation +5g drives the growth of information flows. 5g applications are extensive, with data flows in three major applications.
In addition, the expansion of cloud computing operations and the rise of marginal computing have led to an increase in data flows. According to China’s idc Circle, China’s data centre industry is growing faster than the global level, and flows will erupt as the global process of digitization of firms increases by 5g, industrial Internet, artificial intelligence, ar/vr, etc.
The number of large data centres is rising rapidly as information flows break out. Synergy data show that the number of mega-data centres worldwide grew by 13.62 per cent in 2019, reaching 509 in the same year, and 132 larger data centres are at various stages of planning or construction. By 2021, the number of mega-data centres is expected to be worldwide.
The large-scale construction of the data centre has contributed to the growth of the light communications market. Since the light module is an indispensable component of the data centre network switch and the service server, the increase in the number of data centres will directly drive the demand for the light module.
National large-scale data centres account for nearly half of the global share, mainly in the hands of leading companies such as Google and Amazon; our data centres account for less than a tenth of the world ' s data centres, are vastly different from that of the United States, are not mature enough to match the population and economic development pace, and are expected to achieve a much higher global average increase in the future (at full 2016-2020).
The U.S. is the largest consumer market for luminous modules, and China is expected to grow rapidly into the second largest country in the future. As a hidden leader of sophisticated lumino-communication devices, we believe that the company is expected to continue to capture high levels of light communications.
3 - Prospective and investment proposals for profit 5g, with high growth in data centres driven by a data flow outbreak, demand for light communications devices, presumably 35%, 34% and 32% of the company ' s bareware camp for the three-year period 2020/2011/2022 respectively.
Wirtschaftsprüfer is an advanced optical electronics service provider in the field of light communications, focusing mainly on high-end passive devices and high-speed lightware encapsulations of oems. With its rich product lines and deep-technology accumulation, the company maintains a high level of productivity.
The demand for low-speed, high-speed changes in light devices, with the spread of 5g applications and the rapid construction of data centres, will further boost the prosperity of the entire light communication industry, which will continue to benefit as upstream optical devices in the field of light communications, with the expectation that corporate performance will continue to grow rapidly.
For comparable companies, there is a certain margin of valuation. And considering the company’s role as the invisible leader of the optical communications precision device, the technology gives a certain premium on valuation. 5g was not built as expected. 5g base station construction in 2020, but the application of the 5g package is still in the hatching phase, 5g market.
A lower level of acceptance may result in less than expected follow-on investment by operators in 5g, or will have a greater impact on the company’s profile of 5g-related industries. Market competition leads to a continued decline in the Māori rate.
As market competition increases, if the unit cost does not fall as future product prices fall, the company’s current Māori epidemic results in less than expected new products. Currently, nearly 40% of the company’s operations are deployed overseas, and it is more difficult to start work with the effects of the epidemic, and the end of the epidemic is unpredictable, with a greater impact on the pace of production of the company’s 5-g-related active products.