The core plate has a lot of flowers, and the market has made a sustained breakthrough. On 31st of August, 2022, net non-repatriation profits of 2,055 million yuan, or 14.59% of the year.
105.68 billion yuan, or 6.93 per cent of the year; 1.731 billion yuan, or 5.41 per cent of the year, of the net profit from the mother; robust growth in the performance of the business and a return to the quality of the management. 1) Business plates go hand in hand. Faced with the economy \triangleright
Lower pressure and the repeated tests of the epidemic, the company continues to push for sustained high-quality performance and robust growth. 22h1 grid automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmission, power automation information, electricity generation and hydro-environmental protection, and integration operations, respectively, generated $8,421 million (as compared to 12.57 per cent).
The company is expected to benefit from the new power system.
\triangleright 501.2 billion yuan, an historic increase of 8.84% in the same year. 22h1 companies ' operating income in the electricity grid sector rose steadily by 109.60 billion yuan, or 7.68% in the same year. The company’s share of bidding in various areas of the national network has increased steadily.
The new generation of dispatch systems, which are now being piloted in six provinces (municipalities), is expected to benefit fully from increased investment in the grid in the future.
Deepening the off-grid market potential and continuing breakthroughs in business. The company expanded its power grid automation congener technology \triangleright to off-grid areas such as transhipment, industrial controls, etc., with $5.315 billion in out-of-grid revenue from 22h1, a year-on-year increase.
15.92 per cent, with an increase of 27.75 per cent in the number of new out-of-network contracts, the winning country group ' s new power vendor platform advisory project, the q1 quarterly review: significant increase in profitability, corporate performance 2022/04/30
In addition, 4500 vigbt devices have been tested for reliability and in-house operation, and 1700v wind currents have been deployed and have been deployed in 800v/600v car code-level gbt and other products, and the company has reached the international collar.
At the first level, the future igbt is expected to contribute significant growth in corporate performance. \triangleright sub-optimal equipment is expected to benefit from increased investment in power system construction and to maintain a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.