On 24 April 2025, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry published its annual 2024 report, and on 30 April 2025, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry issued its first 2025 quarterly report, and the company achieved its operations with the combined impact of the infusion business, resulting in a decline in the Maori rate during the quarter.
• Efforts to improve the structure of infusion products and the continued contribution of intermediate raw materials operations 4.347 billion bottles/bags, equal to -0.70 per cent, increased sales of collected varieties and structural improvements that do not fully compensate for the decline in prices, leading to sales of some of the collected drugs
The decline, on the other hand, has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of the company’s operations through the reduction of efficiency gains, the intensification of production and the reduction of the life cycle for medicines.
856 million items sold throughout the year, i.e. +31.22% of the year, depending mainly on the depth of the concentrated product hydrochloric acid: three business plates rejuvenated and innovatively driven ammonium bromine, coronary choline, and calcium glucium glucate.
The company ' s antibiotic intermediates and raw materials earned $5,856 million in operating income.
(002422.sz): 24h1 maintains a high growth rate, resulting in an increase in output from the rise, and major products contribute more to the performance of the company. Kawaningeng sulphate has achieved operating income of 1.746 billion yuan, i.e. +12.68 per cent; penicillin
3. Cote d’Ann’s valuing of the Colon medicine industry, Inc., achieved operating income of 2,263 million yuan, i.e., +17.44 per cent, year-on-year; and the thorium intermediate (002422.sz): high profit retention and asset balance
The company's innovative medicine, Consatole and Tagoli, were approved for the market. On November 22, 2024, the Chakang Shatoll was approved for the market, November.
On 28th, the first shipment of medicines was completed, and the first national prescription was completed on the same day. In 2024, the cumulative sale of new medicines was 51,693,300 yuan, officially opening the new era of commercialization of innovative medicines.
tmt was used as a single drug or as a combined PABL or other drug in three global clinical studies on multiple types of cancer, including: three breast cancers, five lung cancers, three gynaecology cancers and one gastrointestinal cancer.
Others in the pipeline, her2adc, also known as a166) Nda application was processed in January 2025 for treatment of at least one of her2+ non-circumcision or transferable bc adults who had received treatment against her2
1b clinical trials; stage clinical trials: skb571/mk2750 for a new dual resistance adc developed in cooperation with Mossadón, with a major target directed to a variety of physical tumors, ic and crc etc., 1 clinical trial is positive
In China: In the early stages, skb518, skb535 and skb445 were new adc drugs with potential fic targets, and the first clinical trials of each project were under way in China.
Risks of changes in industrial policies; less advanced R & D than expected; less-than-expected access; risk: the risk of cost escalation; experience with therapeutic industries, level-I market investments and secondary market research.
Contact person: Yin Wan, Research Assistant, responsible for innovative medicines and preparations.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.