Colum Pharmacy (002422) 2024 and 1-quarterly 2025: Innovative pipelines gradually charged the dollar, an increase of 22.66 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved a gross operating income of $4.39 billion.
(c) In the area of fluids: product structure upgrades, priority products for price swaps and market share increases, which accounted for 1.89 percentage points in comparison with the previous year;
Increased price swaps and market share, of which 85,223 million bags of intestinal nutrition were sold, representing an increase of 39.09 per cent in the same year; 1,297.12 million bags were sold in the pink double room bag product line, an increase in the same year
In the zero breakthrough, imitation drugs built core product clusters in areas such as anti-infection, anaesthesia, central nerve, endocrine metabolism, with strong advantages; and in innovation medicine, 2024, with the company's innovation of Consatole.
In 2024, companies achieved cumulative sales of 51,693,300 yuan in innovative medicines. Quick growth in the operations of antibiotics intermediates and raw materials and steady growth in international operations was achieved.
In 2024, the company achieved operating income of $5,856 million for antibiotics intermediates and raw materials, an increase of 20.90 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of increased demand for antibiotics intermediates and the upgrading of the company’s production processes.
Annual report 2024q1 rating: performance exceeded expectations and R & D led to a long-term gain of 12.68 per cent over the same period; penicillin intermediates achieved business income of 2,263 million yuan over the same period
In 2024, the company ' s international operations continued to grow steadily, with the company ' s main operations achieving overseas income of 28.86 annual reports: a number of factors driven high performance growth, the collection of RMB billion, an increase of 11.49 per cent over the previous year.
With the successful transformation of innovation, the success of the adc product line, the rapid growth of performance, and the overseas authorization of multiple innovation patents, the company currently has over 30 clinical and preclinical innovation R & D lines, a subsidiary of Collombote.
Biologicals have accumulated more than 10 years of experience in research and development in adc, and have had an in-house research and development platform, optidc TM, and accelerated. The company's heavy-pound product, Conc-tmt (trop2adc), is the first to be found in the country.
The marketed national product with global intellectual property rights, adc, in which sac-tmt treats uncut local late-stage or transferable trineal breast cancer (tnbc) that has been treated in at least two systems, as well as egfr-tki after treatment and treatment with platinum, has progressed to egfr mutation positive.
Nsclc was approved for listing in China in November 2024 and March 2025. At present, sac-tmt is exploring single drugs and other combinations of therapy to treat multiple adaptive conditions, including gc, ec, cc, oc, uc, crpc, and hnscc. In addition, Colombote biology has awarded one to Mossad.
As of the date of the publication of the annual newspaper 2024, Mercerton had initiated 12 ongoing sac-tmt as a single drug or combined Paboli bill of protection or other drugs for use in a larger number of cases.
A global three-stage clinical study of cancers of all types. Other advances: her2adc, also known as a166: treatment of her2+non-circumcision or transferable bc adults who have received at least one anti-her2 treatment.
In January 2025, NDA was admitted to the National Drug Control Service (NDA). Tagoli single resistance (pd-l1, also known as a167).
The re-emerging or transferary npc patients were allowed to be listed in China in December 2024, and the Tagoli single resistance was the world’s first approved pd-l1 against the first line of treatment for nasal cancer. The infusion industry’s leading business, with the transition to an innovative pharmaceutical company, the new batch of drugs continues to be released, and the male-o-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man-man
China-China Securities Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique opinions, etc., and with a number of differences, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China-China Securities Corporation (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or issued for any dispatch, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.