China & China: q3 has grown steadily, and the national chip-powered industry has created a letter from China and China on November 2, 2020 (603019.sh)
Of that amount, q3 quarter revenue was $1.969 billion, a decline of 9.46 per cent in the same year; mother ' s net profit was $73 million, an increase of 59.29 per cent in the same year; non-mother ' s net profit was an increase in the expected ratio of high Maori products and a synergy-led profitability. During the first half of the year, there was a delay in the acquisition of servers by government-level clients, which was severely affected by the epidemic, while the q3 crop was still declining in the first half of the year, although the decline was somewhat narrower than the q2 (slow 18.15 per cent in the same year) and the business climate was somewhat lower than the q2 (slow 18.15 per cent in the same year).
It is worth noting that the net profit increase for mothers is significantly higher than the increase in revenue, while the Māori rate is 4.34 percentage points higher than in the same period last year. We expect that the increase in corporate profitability is due to an improvement in business structures, an increase in the share of high Māori products (e.g. software and services, storage, overcounting), an increase in Māori-led rates and a sustained increase in R&D inputs, with non-recurrent gains and losses mainly attributable to government subsidies. In the first quarter of 2020q3, the cost of corporate sales was 5.67 per cent, down 0.04 percentage points from the same period.
\triangleright highlights the importance that companies attach to research and development. 2020q3 non-recurring gains and losses amount to $65.25 million, mainly in government grants of $6.404 million; high government subsidies lead to a rapid increase in net return profits and a downward trend in non-repatriation.
The sea light chip, as the head of cpu, has an advantage in product technology and applied ecology, and is expected to fill in \triangleright, China and China.
Since the beginning of 2020, the server industry chain is expected to benefit from continued sea light. 2020.10 Marked a series of mail-infested packages for heavy-pound industries, including pre-run operators, tenders from the Ministry of Public Security, etc., to demonstrate technology and market competitiveness.
The mid-point assessment: The rate of non-profit growth is higher than expected and the Māori rate continues to rise. 2020.8 The industrial trend is increasing and companies are expected to continue to benefit.
On August 25, the company’s non-public share application was approved by the China CSRC. The project is a data manufacturer, the Core Technology Guarantee Upstream Supply Chain 2020.4.
The high-end computer research and development and expansion projects for home-grown chips, high-end computer-io module development and industrialization projects, high-end computer-incorporated proactive solidware research and development projects, and the replenishment of liquidity. We believe that the firm’s target growth is primarily to upgrade core key technologies.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Consider that the company’s main business is in cloud computing, 5g, and a number of high-profile domestic production industries, and is currently in the early stages of a fast-growing cycle, and is expected to continue to benefit from the “buy-in” rating in the future.
Six years of industry experience, former head of the global storage information technology company’s research and development, solutions sector team, joined Seaton Securities in 2016, and Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. in 17 and 19 (hereinafter “Sunda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has granted. This report is produced and published by the CVC.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.