The performance met expectations, and the status of the Hibakusha leadership was strengthened.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) • We highly value the company's core technical strength and country's weight, and we maintain the "buy-in" rating.
We maintain a forecast of the company ' s net return profit from 2020-2022 at 8.38, 11.34, and the performance of the company is as expected, and the Māori rate continues to rise. The company released its three-quarters report for 2020, generating operating income of $5.957 billion, a decline of 12.15 per cent; the net return of the mother is 12.15 per cent.
The profit was 324 million yuan, an increase of 29.79 per cent over the same period. Of this total, q3 quarter revenue was $1,969 million, a decline of 9.46 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers was $73.497 million, an increase of 59.29 per cent over the same period; net profit for non-mortality was 42.85 per cent over the previous two quarters, a marked improvement over the previous three quarters.
The rise of 3.62 percentage points is largely due to the increase in the Māori rate of high-performance computer products in the company. The continued breakthrough of the sea light chip, which is expected to benefit fully from the major innovation industry, is expected to lead the country’s cpu, and is expected to benefit fully from the technological and ecological advantage.
Since the first half of 2020, sealight has consistently won a number of national product attractions for a number of important industries, including pre-plant operators, tenders from the Ministry of Public Security, etc., to fully demonstrate technological and market competitiveness. The start-up industry has come to take a firm look at the growth prospects of sea light.
The CVM has now approved a project to develop high-end computers, io chips and io modules based on national processor chips, bottom-level control solids.
It will help to upgrade the company ' s core technological capabilities for autonomous innovation and enhance its core competitiveness; it will also help to break through the core critical technology of high-end computer wholes based on state-owned processors and systematically provide security for the supply chain of the core equipment of the country ' s int-based infrastructure, which is fully in line with the direction of the IT industry.