The performance of the Central Science Dawn (603019) computer is in line with expectations, and the domestic server operation is accelerating, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WIRDC) is on track.
The net return to the mother increased by 29.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the net loss to the non-profit to the mother increased by 33.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, of which q3 achieved operating income of $1.97 billion in the first quarter, a 9.5 per cent decline on a year-on-year basis; and the net return to the mother to the mother increased by $700 million, an increase of 59.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Net profit levels continue to rise, and corporate R & D inputs increase further. 1) Income: Despite external factors such as the epidemic and the list of entities, corporate operating income has tended to tilt in favour of gross profit operations over the same period last year for three consecutive quarters since this year, and net profits have continued for three quarters with the same decline in operating income.
This represents a significant increase, from 15.77 per cent, 23.11 per cent and 29.79 per cent, respectively, in the same period last year. 2) In the area of profits: in the first quarter of 2020 q3, companies achieved a net return profit of $70 million, an increase of 59.3 per cent over the same period, with a significant increase in net profits.
• The company’s complete industrial chain is gradually being deployed, with state support for the accelerated nationalization of the server chain. The company’s inclusion in the list of entities in the United States has had some impact on its operations, and the company has been actively and effectively communicating with major suppliers through a comprehensive overhaul of the supply chain and the search for alternative components.
The company has a unique position in the national cpu server under the trade friction between China and the United States, and has achieved a complete whole industry chain layout through a number of related parties, such as sealight, dragon core, and cold martial arts. The company has long received State funding for scientific research as a result of the country’s support for the IT-for-business chain.
Thus, companies and subsidiaries have accumulated revenue-related government subsidies of $117 million, or more than 10% of the net profits of 2019, and the non-recurring revenue-related government subsidies received during this period have had an impact on current non-recurring gains and losses of $29.27 million.
1. Central Science and Technology Dawn (603019): Performance exceeded expectations, letter maximizing the smoothness of high-performance computing operations, and business start-up is expected to accelerate (2020-08-16)
Profit predictions and investment proposals. Given the impact of the epidemic and the apparent increase in the cost of the company, we have moved down the core asset position (2020-03-29) 3. Central China Sunlight (603019).
The MPR growth rate has been around 24%. Given that the company holds cpu core assets and sealight assets reboot (2020-02-21), the chip is expected to achieve profit elasticity in its mass production contribution by 2020, it maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Assumption 1: high-performance computer operations will grow year by year. Subject to the impact of the physical inventory, firm chip raw material shortages slowed business growth in 2019 and the physical inventory effects are expected to be phased out in 2020. With the growth of the North American cloud to calculate capital expenditures and the build-up of the 5-g application, we expect the server industry to turn around. In addition, the company was in late 2019.
The winning bid of 1.6 billion high-end computers provides the basis for the growth of high-performance computer business plates by 2020. Assumption 2: Storage product operations continue to grow at a high rate.
Assumption 3: Software development, system integration and technology service operations continue to grow well. Corporate software development, systems integration and technology service operations consist mainly of high-end computer systems, urban cloud computing services, and so on. High-end computer software systems grow with high-end computers: corporate urban clouds are growing well, 2018, 2019.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.