On October 22, 2020, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between the Xijiang Laboratory and China. The two sides will work together to build an advanced computing support system and create a convergence in the field of smart computing.
China Science and Technology Light (603019.sh) for research, promotion of the use of advanced computing platforms in the country, joint development and customization of smart computing products and joint development of 1+1+n computing platform models.
This collaboration includes: 1) building advanced computing support systems, 2) conducting collaborative research in the field of smart computing, 3) promoting the dissemination of the results of the Elkang laboratory research, etc. As a domestic head server provider, chip producer, and pioneer in the liquid cold server industry, the server industry chain will benefit. The sea light chip is the company’s self-research chip based on the x86 architecture, and this year continues to be the year’s national tender for a number of important industries.
This time, China is working with the Ministry of Public Security to build an arithmetic support system in collaboration with its laboratories, and the sea light chip is expected to benefit further, while Ali has a rich Internet application landscape.
Top 100 ranks first in the market share. Companies move from overcounting to advanced computing cluster systems, and the use of advanced computer cluster projects in fields such as scientific research is becoming increasingly abundant.
Big data xdata platforms and storage products are often successful. Digital city layouts will open up new demands for advanced computing, big data platforms, and storage products, and companies are expected to benefit from industry dividends as China Sunlight (603019.sh): infrastructure and large-scale solution industries.
At present, Zhejiang province is focusing on “digital industrialization, industrial digitization” and accelerating the development of the digital industry. The strategic cooperation agreement was signed by the two sides, using advanced calculations as a tool to accelerate the digital economic development of Zhejiang and the upgrading of the regional economy.
Another major development has been the effective support for the five-year doubling of the digital economy in Zhejiang province. This company has taken the lead in building Zhejiang’s digital city: Zhejiang, the leading city in digital cities, has a strong national impact.
\triangleright has a market rate of 62/43/36 times. Considering that the company’s main business is in cloud computing, 5g, and a number of high-profile domestic production industries, the main business is now in a fast-growing week.
♪ Triangleright cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing ♪
Uncertainty in the progress of national production. Table 2: List of late dawn super-counting items (partly) Figure 2: Share of hpcchina 2019top 100 manufacturers (set)
On October 9, the city signed a contract with the Alibaba Group, the Ants Group, to promote a digital transformation of the city. According to the agreement, Shanghai City and the Alibaba Group, the Ants Group will work together on the new online economy, digital infrastructure, financial science and technology, cross-border operations, digital life, cloud exhibition, etc., to speed up the construction of the Three Headquarters Centres, and to increase research and development on new technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc., in order to make Shanghai a better place.
Hangzhou: On 8 July, Ali Yuniot and the Cat Elves announced the joint establishment of aiot Innovation Center to integrate the technical capabilities of Alibaba, including the Dharma House, into the full-scale enabling aiot industry. Aliaiot’s innovations are described as providing insight into consumption, product design, interactive experience, platform access, technology certification, site mapping, and the entire industry of ecological services.
Among these, the Hangzhou Consortium Laboratory will be inaugurated in the course of the year, working with local governments to introduce enterprises in the region to promote digital industrialization, industrial digitization, urban Lui, the University of Defense Science and Technology, and research into computer science. Six years of industry experience, who has been the head of a global repository of information technology research and development, solutions sector team, joined the Seaton Portfolio in 2016, 17 and 19 Sinda Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter, the “Suddash Securities”) have the qualifications for portfolio investment. This report has been produced and published by the CSP.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.