The q2 ring ratio for alternative car and car parts and components was significantly reduced, and the impact of the drop-down and subsidy on new cars was both significantly reduced by the q2 ring ratio.
More than $1.9 billion. On the one hand, both the autonomous and the joint-venture sections are purchasing and operating in their entirety, receiving government subsidies amounting to $563 million (q1 to $508 million) to mitigate some degree of profit pressure. The Māori rate has improved significantly, and the Chang Anfortq2 has lost. The Māori rate for the first half of the year was 8.22%, q1 being.
4,803/4663 Ben, while the six-way switch for the company country was smoother and did not result in a significant reduction in the price of the clean-up country’s five inventories. q2 Q2 joint venture return of $281 million, of which General Anford contributed approximately $95 million.
The return on investment is partly subsidized by the Government, on the one hand, and partly on the other hand, on the other hand, a series of reports (000625) on long-term vehicles: Jane and significantly optimized procurement costs and costs.
Long Anfort-Nee? When Reborn - 2019/08/01 Multiple new cars are expected to rebound with the industry. Long Anfort is on the market in mid-August for a new operation, St/st-line, three new cars in New Taurus, and q4 is about to return.
With the introduction of a brand-new-wing Tiger and Lincoln's first-ever new-country-produced vehicle, and the change of place, the autonomous weight of the vehicle, cs75-plus, will gradually be delivered up the slope. With many new vehicles, the industry will also be at the bottom of the recovery, with companies at the bottom.
Investment proposal: The bottom of the company’s sales and profits has been largely established, multiple new cars have been added to the line, the recovery has been so resilient, Ford has been under pressure for a long time, but he has a hundred years of branding.
In 2020, 65,947 million/683.87 per year were collected, and the net return profit was 206 million per year.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.