In August, the long Anfort terminal sales continued to flow, and Niezhen was gradually confirmed at the time of his rebirth, and the incident: Chang Anfort published the August terminal sales data, which reached 2.1 in August for all-sector sales.
In August, a strong recovery was spearheaded, with improved distribution channels. The overall recovery in August was still strong, but Chang An Ford was a strong rebound, a low season, a reflection of last year's clear sense of corporate change, and several of the dealers in the conference all feedbacked on the sale of Long Ndsdsd.
The old car has been rejuvenated, and the Fox Ring has improved significantly. The bulk of sales in August is still the same old car type that hasn't been changed for several years, making it even more expensive.
The ring rises by more than 60% and is once again the focus of Long Ann Ford. The new car cycle is expected. Starting in September, the new car is starting to show real sales, and the long Anford steps are 12 months of the highest/minimum.
The q2 ring q2 has been significantly reduced, and it is expected that the company will be able to expand its coverage, continue to pull Fox up, and then its wing tigers, and Lincoln will be looking forward to it.
Like the first half of the year, sales are hard to rediscover, and Chang Anfort’s next three quarters of sales are the most powerful of the new cars - 2019/09/01.
Chang An Car (000625) Long An Car Series I: Long An Fort-Nei Rock Reborn - 2019/08/01 Investment Proposal: The bottom of corporate sales and profits has been largely established and multiple new vehicles have been added to the line
The recovery of the industry was resilient, and Ford had been under pressure for a short period of time, but the 100-year brand was still in existence. Moreover, with the annual harvest of 65,947 million / 68,387 in 2020, the net return profit was 206 million research institutes.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.