Three years, 18 new cars, start of the Ford accelerated plan, incident: On September 26, Chang An and Ford signed a further strategic collaboration in Chongqing.
The agreement, together with the release of the Long Anfort acceleration plan, represents an overall upgrade in terms of “research, production, supply, distribution” to provide Chinese markets and Chinese consumers with technologies more suited to the needs and tastes of local travel, and the launch of Lincoln’s first suv year, with accelerated national production by explorers.
To dispel all the doubts of the previous period, Lincoln’s first suv product was put into production within a certain year, and the possession of luxury goods provided a stronger boost to the recovery and improvement of Chang Anfort. The process of nationalization of all the new explorers at the high end of Ford will also accelerate, and is expected to be launched next quarter.
Increased brand image and profitability of the long Anfort Institute, where the next Pan Asia is expected to be created. The long Anfort Institute is in 4,803/4,663.
It will cover a full range of product planning, modeling structures, whole-car project management, total market value/flow (million yuan) based on China's consumer aesthetic and use preferences, and the design of products that are more popular with China.
The establishment of an exclusive Chinese-based research institute reflects Ford’s high interest in the Chinese market and is expected to lead to the next one.
Chang An's car (000625) "Annfort's August terminal sale of a pan-Asian" continues to be red, and Nie Xing's recovery is gradually confirmed."
In the next three years, at least 18 new cars will have a significant reduction in the q2 ring ratio.
The product will cover both Ford and Lincoln brands, but will also speed up the push for new cars -- 2019/09/01 -- for new energy products. The manufacturing end will accelerate by upgrading the factory’s intellectual manufacturing level.
The marketing end will strengthen the Ford brand image and comprehensively upgrade the client body.
The investment proposal is: the launch of the Chang Anfort acceleration program is like a strong heart agent for Ford China.
The implementation of the Sioux project paved the way for an accelerated reversal of Chang An Ford's decline with the introduction of Ford and Lincoln's brand of a new car. The firm's bottom has been established and the future is expected to improve.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.