The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWIRD): the company published sales data for July, with 128,000 vehicles produced in July, an increase of 1 per cent from the same year; sales volume
12.0 million vehicles, 7 per cent lower than in the same year. Of these, 1,8072 were sold in Long Anfort, a 12 per cent increase in the ring. 11,560 were sold in Long An Maseda, an 18 per cent increase in the same year. 44872 were sold in Chongqing, a 24 per cent increase in the same year.
The industry risk was 19% lower than the previous year, and the zero data for each batch was expected to be higher. Of these, the cumulative risk was 8678 higher than the sales of the same company in May-July, mainly due to the company entering high-temperature vacations at the end of July, the concentration of production led to an increase in production and the expected overall stock-up at the end of the sale.
The company's new cycle is going to continue, and on August 16, the company will be on the market or pre-sale for a larger number of heavy-pound cars, with the long Anfort side comprising the hard-corest/st-line, Fox.
Four seasons of brand new-wing tigers on the market and Lincoln-style nationalization will further strengthen Chang Anfort’s product cycle. And, at the end of the marketing cycle, Anfort’s business policy is gradually moving toward a cut-off market and a better attitude towards distributors.
At that time, a zero-sum/zero-interest alternative financial policy was introduced, based on zero interest rates, which is expected to boost the second half of Anfort’s sales. At the same time, Chang An’s car actively promotes mixing, and is expected to reduce the impact of corresponding brand losses on the performance of Chang An.
In 2019, the Autonomy and Fords came to a new high-yielding cycle, with higher sales, higher profitability, 1. Long An car (000625) with a larger performance circle in the second quarter 4. Long An car (000625) with a higher sales volume in March.
The new cycle is steadily moving forward (2019-04-12) The new car (000625); The new car cycle is amazing, bright, and the new Ford cycle is strengthened.
(2019-04-04) No direct or indirect compensation is not, and will not be, obtained as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.