On 3 November, the company issued an announcement and signed an investment agreement for the Hubeizhou project to invest in the construction of modern coal.
Chemical base, with a total investment of not less than RMB 10 billion in the planned first phase of the project, 1 million tons of functional products such as urea, acetic acid, organamine, etc. The second phase and the scale of the follow-up investment are determined by negotiation.
The chemical industry is under strict control, Shandong Province is under strict control of coal indicators, and companies are making it more difficult to expand gas-based production, prompting companies to extend their products downstream. Over the years, the company has continued to work deep in the former gasification sector, and has been technologically optimized on the basis of traditional water-powder processes, leading the industry.
The company signed an investment agreement to set up a second base in Hubei County, invest $10 billion in gas-gas installations, and hope that the company will fully utilize it.
2. " Product sales up, costs down, second quarter table " , front-page platform advantage, breaking existing production bottlenecks and creating a rapid rise in hub profits. Cost savings are achieved in multiple dimensions, and companies are expected to replicate the Texas base ' s production advantage.
2020q123. " Low-oil coal-chemical pressure, cost-consumption guarantee base adjacent to the river masonry petrochemical docks, with railway lines to be set up in such a way that the cost of transportation of raw materials and finished products is effectively saved and the supply of heat and electricity to the entire base is integrated through the construction of the Power Island, the company.
In the context of low oil prices, the depth of the company's core values will maximize the multidimensional cost savings, thus replicating the company's cost at this stage of its base in Texas.
Based on the project’s investments, the company is expected to significantly increase the profit-and-loss space for its products and break through long-term development barriers.
The company has continued to contract deep in the coal industry, and has gained prominence in the former gasification sector, where it has been producing a combination of chemyi3@gjzq.com.cn multi-product products. The company has developed a sound and orderly resilience to the risks of cyclical fluctuations in recent years.
Strong, with companies breaking out of long-term development bottlenecks through new base layouts, and sustained growth dynamics. Given the continued upturn in the prices of companies’ products, such as dmf, and good profitability, upscaling companies risked sharp fluctuations in crude-oil prices in 2020: the risk of a substantial deterioration in downstream demand: the price of end-products fell sharply.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment