There's a steady rise in the bottom of the landscape and a significant increase in construction work at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
In the first three quarters of 2020, fertilizer (urea, etc.) generated 2,494 million, compared to 957 million yuan, and polyol (ethanol, octanol, etc.) earned 1,757 million yuan, compared to 25%.
Organamines (dmf, etc.) earned 1,533 million yuan, compared to +12 per cent, acetic acid and derivatives earned 965 million yuan, a decline of about 7 percentage points from the same year, the epidemic affected chemical profits, acetic acid, adipic acid, ethanol, methanol, etc. maintained low profitability, although the chemical landscape has been warming markedly since the third quarter, and dmf has changed due to supply and demand patterns.
Good prices have risen considerably. In terms of sales volume, 18,747,000 tons of fertilizer were sold, at a level equal to the same period, 150.5 million tons of adipic acids and derivatives were sold, compared to 10 per cent, 472,000 tons of polyols were sold, compared to 6 per cent, and the oscillation was released by the company, with 296.3 million tons, an increase of 6 per cent from the same period.
Q3 net profit ring decreases by 18.56% in the third quarter due to the effects of gasification and partial parking repairs. The reversible expansion waits for the next cycle. The company expands in reverse at the bottom of the cycle, while continuing to refine the present.
There is a product structure, such as capacity-building for capacity-building for the platform against the cycle, adaptation to industry and expansion of the production of dmf at times, and the smooth release of productive capacity, such as urea, to further develop flexible production capacity. On the other hand, the extension of new products to break the existing situation, which is limited by raw coal, depends on the established atmosphere.
The three-quarterly newspaper is working on the construction of 1,872 million yuan, an increase of 503 per cent over the same period, and a 66 per cent increase in the ring, which is expected at the end of the year.
Investing in production, which will contribute to next year’s performance, Walluhingl (600426): reported performance meets expectations, with a clear low-cost advantage in the long line (2020-08-12)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.