(a) The price of the company's main product has been rising steadily since the beginning of the fourth quarter, acetic acid, dmf, etc.
A public announcement was issued on the occasion of the signing of an agreement with the government of Jiang Mai County, Hubei Province, and the municipality of Qingzhou to invest in the construction of a modern coal industry base, opening up the space for growth.
The company, which is a coal-chemical industry, based on coal, benzene and acetylene, has developed a “one-way, multiple-line” co-production system to diversify the flexible production of products, the main products being 2.2 million tonnes/year urea, 250,000 tonnes/year dmf, 500,000 tonnes/year acetic acid,
In the third quarter of 2020, with the gradual recovery of the domestic economy and demand, the prices of chemical products mostly showed a bottom-up trend. This trend continued in the fourth quarter, with the exception of ethanol, where the company’s main products increased by seasonal and annual increases.
Total equity/flow (million shares) especially acetic acid, dmf, adipic acid, butyl alcohol and octanol increased significantly due to mismatches between supply and demand. Total market value/flow (million yuan)
The annual increase in prices and seasonal increases for the Division ' s specific products on 11 December was urea (1810 yuan per ton) and urea (600,426) and the three-quarter review of the 20-year-old Helium of the Pacific Chemical Industry: installation repairs were delayed by three.
Sales, resulting in a decline in the parent net profit ratio of the same ring. But when most product sales are affected, the three-quarter rise in the ring relative to the three-quarter increase in the price of the ring indicates a recovery with an increase in the average price of the cycle.
We're looking forward to a four-quarter recovery in product prices and the completion of the super-gasification platform repairs.
The company’s profits will be accelerated by a return to a return to product sales, and a steady rise in the 20-year period will be evaluated as flexible production, cost advantage, guaranteed basic profits, waiting for the cycle to be repaired.
New projects have been steadily advancing, leading the company to invest a total of $13 billion in 1.5 million in new green chemical materials projects to be selected for the first major project bank selection in Shandong Province for the conversion of new and old kinetic energy.
Two sub-projects for the Project (160,000 tonnes/year) and the Project for Hneonamide and New nylon Materials (300,000 tonnes/year) began construction in February 2020 and are expected to be completed by the end of 2020 and mid-2021 respectively, thus laying the foundation for further company development.
On 3 November, the company issued an announcement and signed an agreement with the county government of Jiang Mai, Hubei Province, and the municipality of Qingzhou to invest in the construction of a modern coal industry base, with a total investment of not less than RMB for the first phase of the project.
The company’s local development plan in Texas has been supported by a number of resources, such as local coal use indicators, energy consumption indicators, etc.
urea production capacity, environmental capacity, land use, water use, electricity, etc. have been strongly supported and secured. The project is expected to begin construction in the second half of 2021 and to be completed by the end of 2024, and will be important for the expansion of production capacity, enhanced performance and medium- and long-term development of the company ' s new base.
In the short term, we believe that product sales have returned to normal in four quarters, that the prices of the main products have risen rapidly, and that corporate profits are expected to accelerate. In the medium and long term, new projects such as adipic acid and vinylamide have advanced in an orderly manner, and modern coal-chemical bases in Xingzhou have broken through development bottlenecks.
Prospective profits and financial indicators: Remedial performance repair for higher product prices, opening up medium- and long-term growth space for the county base
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report