On November 3, the company issued an announcement on the signing of an investment agreement for the Hubeizhou project. According to the announcement, the company plans to invest in the construction of a modern coal industry base in Warau Henging State, with a total investment in the first phase of the base project.
At least RMB 10 billion to build products such as functional urea, acetic acid, organochlorine, etc.
The company has built a production base in Hubeizhou, where it can extract between tons and 74 million tons in close proximity to the downstream regional market, of which 57.31 million tons of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium fertilizer were produced in China in 2019, an increase of 6.06 per cent over the same period, with a basic balance between supply and demand in the domestic fertilizer market.
The importance of regional advantages is beginning to emerge. urea is an important material for nitrogen fertilizer, and according to the data from the moor, the country ' s total urea output was 72.6 million tons in 2020, with China ' s share in comparison with the firm ' s 300-percent trend.
In 2019, the country produced 6,633.4 million tons of food, of which 12.95 million, or 18.7 per cent, were produced in the east of the country, and 2,718 million, or 4.1 per cent, in the south of the country.
By building a base in Jingzhou, the company can take over the South and Central China market, taking advantage of its product transport advantages.
In September 2019, the entire line of the Munghua Railway, connected to Inner Mongolia and China, will provide companies with stable and cheap coal resources. The Monhua Railway, also known as the Hoji Railway, is an iron-grade Electrified railway in China that connects Inner Mongolia with Jiang Xijian.
In addition, the company, with the support of the Jiang Mai county government, will build a dedicated railway line in the park area to improve the efficiency of transport of raw materials. The company is responsible for financing the construction of the dedicated line and will sign a railway with the Jiang Mai county government.
A public platform integration agreement. Strength 3: Proximity to the Yangtze brings abundant freshwater and shipping resources \triangleright
The coal industry project has a high demand for fresh water, producing an average of about 15 tons of methanol, while the abundant freshwater resources will reduce the cost of production by companies. Compared to coal-producing areas such as Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Shaanxi, and other coal-producing areas, the annual rainfall is abundant in Chenzhou, water resources are abundant and industrial water is less expensive.
More closely to where the product needs are, and lower transport costs. For example, methanol demand is spread along the long triangle, and coal-chemical products in the west usually arrive in the market by air and ship, not only by air, but also by sea.
Transport volumes are limited, there are safety concerns and the transport cycle is 20 days long; while methanol produced by the Jingzhou project can flow along the river, 4-5 days can reach the long triangle, with the advantage of a high volume, short duration and greater stability.
Walluheung Litt: Three-quarterly overhauled slightly, as coal transport access matures and environmental management costs increase in the west, east-west construction slides, and looks forward to follow-up 2020.10.28.
The cost differentials for coal projects are shrinking. Although the costs of coal, electricity, land, etc. in the west, the Walluhein litres: the impact of the epidemic is coming to an end and performance is low, they also face bottlenecks such as water scarcity, limited environmental capacity, and distance from downstream markets.
State water resources are abundant, zoned and iron-water connections are less costly, with unique advantages for clean and efficient use of coal. Strength 4: Cost advantages for corporate ammonia, synthetic ammonia, urea are expected to continue.
The company has been pursuing a low-cost strategy, a “multiline” conglomerate that provides valuable construction experience for the Qingzhou project. The company has been taking the lead in three main areas: 1) the process of water flaring and gasification, and its multi-peer-to-set water flaring technology is highly efficient and efficient.
The efficiency indicators perform well; (2) companies focus on technological change and continuously adopt energy-saving adaptation measures to reduce production costs; (3) companies focus on internal management and tighten three costs to reduce operating costs.
The company can at any time adjust the production and sale of products to market price differentials and maximize profits. So, we look forward to the long-term development of the company’s modern coal industry base in Jianzhou.
The Hubei province plans to build a green energy industrial park in the Gangang region over a period of 10 years, making it the fifth post after Ordos, Xianxi Lin, Ningxiingdong and Xinjiang.
The total investment and total output of the entire industrial park is more than $150 billion, which will accelerate the construction of the first regional coal storage, distribution and trading centre in China, with coal power integration and coal fuel-based clean-up in the North Coal South.
Model areas, “Modern National Coal Industry Bases”, dominated by coal-based methanol and acetylene hydrocarbons. In the context of the company's project, Jingzhou City and Jiang Mai County support companies in the following areas: energy production indicators, energy consumption, project land, construction of petrochemical terminals, electricity, drainage, power islands, etc.:
1) Performance indicators: The government is responsible for obtaining the relevant authorities to address the company ' s 1 million tonnes/year urea performance indicator: 2) land use: the government will provide 2,300 acres of industrial land for the first phase of the company ' s project and set aside not less than 2,500 acres for the second phase and subsequent development, ensuring 1,500 acres in the prior period.
Three years from the date of the launch of the first phase of the project; 3) wharfs: the Government has approved companies to build storage areas for dangerous products within the project area in accordance with the policy and plan, and to coordinate with the owners of the masonry petrochemical docks to provide delivery and handling services for dangerous chemicals in accordance with minimum cost standards. 4) public works:
The Government is responsible for meeting the demand for electricity and water for project construction and normal production, as well as for reducing the cost of public works for companies through preferential electricity policies such as “better user direct purchase of electricity.” Investment in projects is not as fast as expected; prices of raw materials and products fluctuate; and downstream demand slows down;
Guwu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of experience in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, and Bachelor of Chemical Science, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.