Warru Henglew (600426) Chemicals, Breathing State, opening the way to growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: The company signed an agreement with the government of Jiang Mai County, Hubei Province, and the municipality of Jingzhou to invest in the construction of a modern coal base, with a total investment of not less than $10 billion in the first phase of the project, the construction of a functional urea, acetic acid, organic Hoji railway, and the future construction of a coal-chemical base in Jingzhou.
Strategic transport corridor, opened on 28 September 2019, reporting Kilometres/hours in the city of Ordos, in the north of Mongolia (Kolang-Kinan station, Kiangda station to Gyan station), 200 km/hour (Kang Maung station to Kiyo station), designed to deliver 200 million tons a year. The Hoji Railway has enabled Jinzhou to land 5,000 tons of coal a year.
Tons of tons, 80 million tons in the long term, less 8 million tons of coal per year in Jianzhou, and more than 100 million cubic metres of development, are in China, and coal-chemical products are better transported than in the Western region. The development of coal-chemicals in Xiangzhou has now been approved by Hubei Province and the City of Xiangzhou, which is green.
The energy-industrial complex has a total planned area of 350 km2 and plans to build 80 million tonnes/year coal storage base projects, 4 billion cubic metres coal gas projects, 8 million tons coal methanol projects, 2 coal-combined ammonia and urea projects, and 5 high-end coal industry projects.
The company’s plans for this project are consistent with the Texas base, which has long had significantly lower cost rates than its counterparts. According to the announcement, 2,300 acres of land and 2,500 acres of reserved land for the current phase, the local government also provides coal power, drainage, sewage, etc.
By the end of the third quarter, the firm would have been able to replicate its Texas success story. By the end of the third quarter, the firm’s investment in Jianzhou was equivalent to the creation of a new Wallu, opening the way to growth.
In addition, China, close to the Yangtze River, has helped to reduce transport costs further by using the Yangtze Channel. At the same time, according to the company’s current income structure, by the end of the third quarter the income of the company was 60.3 per cent in the North, 34.7 per cent in the South, and a further increase is expected in the South.
As a result, we judge that, with the project being completed, the company is expected to further improve its competitiveness at the scale, cost, and demand levels. There is a significant increase in construction work (20-10-28)
The long line of low-cost advantages (2020-08-12) has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.