The construction of the second base for coal miners in Hubeizhou opens up the space for future growth, and the company will build the second base in Hubeizhou.
According to the company’s announcement, the company has signed an investment in the construction of a modern coal industry base with the county government of Jiang Mai, Hubei Province. The project’s total investment in the first phase is not less than $10 billion, and the construction of functional urea, acetic acid, organamine, etc. has a strong cost advantage.
• The Government will seek production capacity indicators for companies, provide industrial land and coordinate related accompanying measures. According to the agreement, the local government of Hubei is responsible for: (a) seeking to address the company's 1 million tonnes/year urea capacity index; and (b) obtaining the authority to approve the company's coal use according to the coal demand for the first phase of the project, which we consider to be short-term or low-term.
It will not be a factor that will constrain the development of the company ' s second base;3 provision of 2,300 acres of industrial land for phase I projects and a reserve of not less than 2,500 acres for phase II projects, up to 1,500 acres for prior periods and three years from the time of phase I projects;4 coordination of the owners of the river mashed petrochemical terminal to provide services for the delivery and handling of the company ' s dangerous chemicals;5,
If a future project is located, a low-cost “coalin pipeline” is expected to be built with the Department’s previous good cost control capabilities.
The company’s current full cost of urea taxes is US$1,165 per ton, compared to an average of US$1,565 per ton in the industry, and the current tax price of urea is approximately US$1,800 per ton. If the company’s base can replicate the original cost advantages, the future profitability of new urea production will remain significant.
Acetic acid will be in a state of tight balance between supply and demand.
In the future, pta will generate 1.92 million tons of acetic acid demand, domestic acetic acid consumption will amount to 8.87 million tons, and we expect that the supply and demand of acetic acid will remain tight in the future.
In recent times, the supply of dmf has been inadequate, and the prices of dmf have just risen significantly in downstream purchases, and if we look at the new base of demand recovery for the second half of the year, with a new organic product of dmf, we expect new production in the future or enough to be absorbed by the market.
Corporate Information Update - Epidemic and Crude Falls, Short-term Disturbation Do not Change Long-Term Values