MIDEA [000333.CH]
Riding consumption upgrade
Midea, with its brand portfolio, product range, scale and distribution network,
is one of the most competitive manufacturers of home appliances in the
Home Appliances Sector
world. We are positive on the Company, whose focus on a new premium
brand launch, margin expansion and assimilation of the Kuka and Toshiba in
the next few years, should sustain an earnings CAGR of 26% from 2017-
Buy
month target price of RMB 67, which represents a 22% upside.
Investment Highlights
Close: RMB 54.97 (June 5, 2018)
Premiumization to Expand Margins: Midea is one of the most competitive
home appliance manufacturers in terms of product range, market share,
Target Price: RMB 67 (+22%)
distribution network and customer loyalty. Its brand portfolio also includes
prestigious names such as Toshiba, Cuchen, and Electrolux. Midea is
Price Performance
introducing a new domestic high-end brand in Aug/Sept. 2018 and it is
expected to raise ASPs through price hikes and new model introduction.
Air Conditioner to Drive Earnings: Air conditioners account for 48% of the
Company's gross profit as a result of the exceptional growth last year. This
year, demand remains strong, and we expect an ASP increase of RMB300-
400 to drive revenue and margin growth.
International Business Upside. Exports account for 43% of Midea's sales
(36% ex-Robotics) and 30% of company gross profit. We believe the margin
will improve in the medium term as Midea shifts its business model from
OEM/ODM products to its own branded products, which currently comprise
Market Cap
US$56,544m
only 30% of international sales.
Shares Outstanding
6,590m
Robotics: 2018 earnings bump, long term profit engine. China's low
Free Float
45%
penetration of industrial robots and Midea's new ownership of Kuka will
52W High
RMB$62.69
sustain long term growth for Midea's robotics segment. Thanks in part to
lower PPA expenses, the robotics segment's share of gross profits would
52W Low
RMB$36.20
increase to ~9% in 2018, up from 6% in 2017.
3M Avg Daily T/O:
US$222m
Valuation attractive in light of earnings growth. We are forecasting 26%
Major Shareholders:
Midea Hld Co (34%)
earnings CAGR for 2017-2019, based on margin expansion from the new
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
premium brand and exports. This places our estimates 22% above current
street expectations. Our TP, at 16x 2019 earnings, is justifiable for a
Jeff Dorr – Analyst
business with a secure franchise, and earnings growing above 20%. Risk
factors include: (i) A slowdown in China real estate and air conditioner sales;
(ii) Loss of market share as a result of price hikes; and (iii) RMB appreciation
which would harm Midea's exports.
Johnson Cheung – Research Director
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
VALUATION
We have a target price of RMB 67, based on a 16x multiple of our 2019 earnings forecast. This
valuation is supported by the 20%+ earnings CAGR during 2017-2020 and Midea's ROE of over
20%.
Our top line expectations are below street, but our higher gross margin assumptions put our estimates
~8% above 2019 consensus earnings. From 2017-2019, we project earnings growth CAGR of 26%,
higher than consensus earnings growth of 21%.
Midea and Qingdao Haier, two of the three large appliance manufacturers, both trade for 12-13x 2019E
consensus earnings. Midea and Haier both have diverse product portfolios. Gree, the third large
appliance manufacturer, is a pure play on air conditioning. Gree's lower multiple is on account of the
volatile nature of its core air conditioning business, its recent dividend cut, and current overhang on the
stock due potential change in leadership.
At 16x 2019E PER, Midea's valuation would be higher than domestic manufacturers and in line with the
international manufacturers.
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Note: * Midea figures based on CGIS forecast
PREMIUMIZATION TO DRIVE MARGIN UPLIFT
Midea is one China's top three leading producers of large appliances including air conditioning,
refrigerators, and washing machines. Not only does it have extremely high brand recognition, being one
of the top three in most product segments, it is the only major appliance manufacturer that has a strong
offering in both small and large appliances.
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Small Appliances: Key driver for Consumer Appliances Segment
Midea's broad product range differentiates it from chief competitors Gree and Haier. Pn our estimates,
air conditioning and small appliances were the two most significant profit drivers for Midea in 2017.
These two products account for 62% of revenues but approximately 70% of its gross profit. Midea is
particularly strong in small appliances, where it has held a leading share in induction cookers, pressure
cookers, and rice cookers for over a decade.
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
New Premium Brand Launch
While Midea is best known for its mid-tier ASP products, the company is taking steps to move up market.
Midea is introducing a new premium brand, which should roll out in August/September 2018. At launch,
the premium brand will only target select product categories, but eventually will expand to cover all of
Midea's existing product categories. The products will be priced at or above Haier's existing high-end
products, Casarte. We highlight that Haier's high end Casarte product line has been enjoying rapid
growth in certain product categories. For example, Casarte comprised under 2.5% of Haier's washing
machine sales in 2014, but 7% of segment revenue by 2017.
M&A and JV Strategy to Drive Margin Increase
Although details of the premium brand are scarce (Midea is keeping the brandname secret for now),
Midea itself is no stranger to high-end products. It has been active in M&A transactions as well as
forming JVs with premium brands to move up market in the appliance industry.
Source: Company Reports, CGIS
For example, Midea's Toshiba acquisition in 2016 provides Midea with upmarket branding and access to
Toshiba's 5,000 patents for the next 40 years. Toshiba's primarily competes in washing machines, air
conditioners, refrigerators, microwaves, vacuum cleaners, and electric cookers - most which falls into
Midea's broad consumer appliance category. In China, Toshiba's appliances are priced at a significant
premium to Midea. For example, Midea's best-selling microwave on TMall retails for RMB 379 vs.
Toshiba's most popular unit, which retails for RMB 2,000.
Midea's 60% owned JV with Cuchen is an example of a JV which will help Midea move up the value
chain. Cuchen is South Korea's second largest producer of electric cookers, with approximately 40%
market share. Through this JV, Midea will manufacture Cuchen's products and gain expertise in high
end electric cookers, while Cuchen will benefit from Midea's manufacturing scale and distribution.
Similarly, Midea's JV with Electrolux is focused on introducing Electrolux's premium brand, AEG, to the
China market. The AEG brand was officially launched in China at the Appliance & Electronics World
Expo in Shanghai on March 8, 2018. As the figures shows, Midea's high-end brands are priced
significantly higher than the Midea brand.
TMall: Toshiba Top Selling Microwaves (Sorted by Popularity)
Source: TMall, CGIS Research
TMall: Midea Top Selling Microwaves (Sorted by Popularity)
Source: TMall, CGIS Research
TMall: Cuchen Top Selling Pressure Cookers (Sorted by Popularity)
Source: TMall, CGIS Research
TMall: Midea Top Selling Pressure Cookers (Sorted by Popularity)
Source: TMall, CGIS Research
AIR CONDITIONING: CONTINUE TO DRIVE EARNINGS
The air conditioning segment is Midea's most important product category, representing 45% of gross
profit. Domestically, the AC market is dominated by three players Gree, Midea, and Haier, which control
roughly ~70% of the market. Gree is the leading player in the domestic China AC market. However,
Midea is relatively stronger in the export market, where it leads in market share.
Q1 2018: AC Growth Still Strong
2017 was a boom year for China's AC market due to hot weather, low channel inventory, and a
recovering property market following 2015 lows. In volume terms, China's domestic AC market grew
47% YoY to approx. 89 Mln units. In the export market, AC sales grew ~10% to 53 Mln units.
As of Q1, 2018, the air conditioning market in China is continuing to experience strong growth::
Midea's air conditioning business grew +40% YoY in Q1 2018, with sell-in and end-user
installations both tracking. In April, Midea's AC growth decelerated to 20% YoY.
Haier AC revenue grew ~20% YoY in Q1 2018, with segment revenue growing ~20% YoY
For full year 2018, we expect Midea's AC segment to grow ~20% YoY, in line with current management
expectations.
Midea may benefit from higher pricing
In our discussions with Midea, management noted that Gree typically charges a RMB ~800 premium
over Midea for a similarly configured unit. This premium is consistent with our checks in the market
place. In addition, we've noticed that ASPs of Gree's top selling products on TMall, Gome, and Suning's
online stores are materially higher than Midea:
Source: TMall, CGIS Research
As a result of its lower ASPs, Midea's gross margins lag its peers in the AC segment.
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Note: Before new segmentation was introduced, gross margin for AC segment was 30.6% in 2016 vs. 30.1% (as shown)
Midea Closing the Gap
For 2018, we understand that, as a result of new models and price increases, ASPs on Midea's AC units
would increase by RMB 300-400. Instead of lagging Gree's pricing by a historical factor of RMB 700-800,
Midea will now would increase by of RMB 300-400.
This price hike, combined with stable raw material prices, should support Midea's gross margin
expansion in 2018. We model gross margins for air conditioning to expand from 29% in 2017 to 31%-
32% in 2018-2020. Our gross margin assumptions for Midea are still below Gree, but in line with Haier's
current AC margins.
EXPORTS: MARGIN OPPORTUNITY
Midea derives 43% of its total revenue (35% of its appliances revenue) from international markets, while
production centres domestically).
Source: Annual Reports, CGIS Research
Source: Company Presentation, CGIS Research
We are positive to Midea's exposure to markets outside of China in the following ways:
1. International diversification insulates Midea from from swings in China's domestic economy real
estate market
2. Sales to countries with lower penetration rates of appliance ownership exposes Midea to
geographies with higher potential long-term growth.
3. Margins to improve in the medium term as Midea shifts from OEM business model to its own
branded products. Gross margins on international sales are currently about 5% lower than
domestic sales. According to Midea, 70% of exports are comprised of OEM and ODM business,
with only 30% of the mix comprised of Midea's branded products.
Source: Annual Reports, CGIS Research
Midea has been active in expanding into the robotics field in recent years. Robotics overlaps with its
core manufacturing business and provides a new growth driver and further diversification for the
company. In 2017, Midea acquired Germany's Kuka, a leading robotics company, by boosting its stake
in Kuka from 13.5% to 94.55%. Midea spent EUR 3.7 Bln (RMB 27 Bln) for 81% of Kuka.
Although robotics only comprised ~6% of Midea's gross profit in 2017, we expect this figure to increase
to 9% in 2018. The increase in gross profit for 2018 is driven by acquisition expenses beginning to roll
off. In 2017, Midea wrote off ~RMB 2.4 Bln on the Kuka and Toshiba acquisitions, but annual
amortization will reduce to ~RMB 0.6 Bln in 2018. On this basis, we expect gross margin for the robotics
segment to rebound to ~21% in 2018, up from 14.5% in 2017.
Midea - Building Robotics Expertise
Midea's Kuka acquisition was not Midea's first foray into the robotics field. Prior completing the Kuka
acquisition in 2017, Midea owned 13.5% of Kuka, and has been gradually building expertise in the
robotics market for several years. Some important steps include the following:
Prior to the Kuka acquisition, Midea was a long term Kuka customer, spending ~RMB 1-1.5 Bln
annually on Kuka robots. Midea uses Kuka's robots primarily for packaging, transportation, and
paint spraying tasks. Midea's increased use of robotics helped the company reduce its staff
count from 200,000 in 2011 to around 120,000 by 2016.
In 2015, Midea invested USD 65 Mln to enter into two JVs with Japanese robot manufacturer
Yaskawa. Yaskawa is one of the top 4 robotics producers globally, which include ABB (ABBN.
VX), Fanuc (6954.JP), Yaskawa (6506.JP), and Kuka. One of the JVs is focused on bringing
Yaskawa's robots for elder care and physical therapy to the China market. The second JV is
focused on bringing Yaskawa's industrial robots to the China market.
In 2016, Midea purchased 17.8% of Anhui Efort for USD 8 Mln (RMB 45 Mln). Anhui Effort
builds robots for car painting (auto industry), as well as logistics, welding, painting, and
assembly.
4. In 2017, Midea acquired a controlling stake in Servotronix for USD 170 Mln. Servotronix an
Israeli tech company which provides motion control systems including servo drives, encoders,
and multi axis motion controllers for industrial robots.
Long Term Robotics Opportunity
Growth prospects for robotics in China are promising for three reasons: (1) increasing wage rates in the
manufacturing sector, (2) an aging population, and (3) low robotics penetration, especially outside the
auto industry.
Source: KPMG, Company Reports
Source: IFR, CGIS Research
Kuka, based in Germany, has been historically more focused on the German automotive market. At the
time of acquisition, around half of Kuka's sales were from the auto segment, and half of sales come from
Europe. In this context, Kuka is relatively underexposed to the China market, with only ~18% of sales
from China in 2017. China was responsible for ~30% of total robot demand in 2016, or 87,000 out of
288,000 robots sold according to the International Federation of Robotics Federation (IFR). China's
share is expected to further increase 40% of global robot sales by 2020.
Midea's local market knowledge, production capabilities, and relationships can support Kuka's
development in China. Midea's customer relationships in fields such as logistics may also prove value
accretive. In 2017, for example, Kuka entered into a JV with Annto Logistics, Midea's logistics subsidiary
which is focused on appliance distribution. The JV between Annto and Kuka will develop a standardized
logistics system for Annto's customers - allowing Kuka to leverage Annto's customer relationships.
General Industry Robotics Driving Growth
Kuka reorganized its business segments in Q1 2018. The new Auto segment (formerly Systems)
comprises about 50% of Kuka's revenue mix. Globally Kuka is the leading provider of robots to the auto
industry, but the company is trying to diversify into less heavily penetrated fields such as general
manufacturing assembly (Industries segment, 30% of revenue) and company intra-logistics (Consumer
& Logistics segment, 20% of revenue).
Kuka grew 18% YoY in 2018 and earned a 3% EBIT margin. By 2020, management expects Kuka to
achieve revenues of EUR 4.5Bln, implying 10% CAGR growth. Considering Kuka's 2013-2017 growth
CAGR of 18%, we think management's expectations of 10% growth through 2020 are conservative.
Through 2020, management expects EBIT margins to improve to ~7.5%, up from 3.9% adjusted EBIT
margins in 2017 on the back of growth in general industry and logistics.
Source: Company Presentation, CGIS Research
Note: * Percentages do not total to 100% due to intersegment elimination
RISK FACTORS
Earnings Volatility
The residential air conditioning business in China is highly volatile due to its dependency on weather,
the real estate market, and channel inventory swings. In particular, the investment community has
limited insight into distributor inventory levels. Visibility is poor, and the segment comprises nearly half of
revenue and gross profit.
Loss of Sales Volume
Midea is hiking prices on air conditioners and closing its pricing differential with Gree. It remains to be
seen if the market will accept these price increases, and if Midea can continue to maintain its current
level of market share in a scenario with higher pricing.
Interest and Investment Income
Over the past 5 years, net interest income and investment income have contributed, on average, over
RMB 2 Bln per year to PBT. In 2017 for instance, net interest income and investment income contributed
~10% of PBT. A change in interest rate or unexpected loss on investment income could impact earnings
Integration Risks
Midea has been active in the M&A market, most recently with the acquisition of Kuka and Toshiba.
Toshiba was loss making in 2017 and a turnaround is still pending. Regarding Kuka, robotics is a
relatively new field for Midea. The robotics industry in China is highly fragmented, with small scale
robotics companies with government subsidies competing for market share. It remains to be seen if
these small scale robotics companies can compete with Kuka, which could impact Kuka's market share
and profitability
Commodity Prices
Raw material prices comprise 85% of COGS. In years when important commodity prices such as copper
and steel rise, management has traditionally implemented ASP hikes. However, management may not
always have the ability to completely offset increases in raw material costs
RMB Appreciation
Exports comprise a meaningful portion of Midea's revenue and profit. These export contracts are
typically priced in USD. If the RMB appreciates meaningfully to the USD, Midea's profitability could be
adversely impacted
COMPANY BACKGROUND
History of the Group
Midea Group was founded by He Xiangjian in Shunde, Guangdong in 1968. Starting with only RMB
5,000 to open a workshop for the production of bottle lids, He Xiangjian has since turned Midea into one
of the most successful private companies in China, as well as a Fortune Global 500 company.
Midea Electric first went public in 1993 in Shenzhen. It was controlled by Midea Holding, which is owned
by He Xiangjian and his family. In August 2012, the board of Midea Group announced named Fang
Hongbo, Chairman and President of Guangdong Midea Electric, was subsequently named as the new
Chairman of Midea Group.
In 2013, Midea went under restructuring. Midea Electric was delisted, and Midea Group (000333 CH)
made its IPO. After listing, the business of Midea Holding was limited to non-core activities including
property and financial investments. Midea Holding still holds 33.6% of the list co. and is controlled by He
Xiangjian and his family.
At the end of 2014, the Chinese electronics giant Xiaomi invested RMB1.2 billion by acquiring 1.3%
shares of Midea Group, inaugurating a meaningful partnership between the two domestic giants. As of
overseas branches and 12 strategic business units.
Shareholding Structure
At the latest date, the current Chairman of Midea Group Fang Hongbo owns 2.1% of the Company, with
the rest of the board owning 0.05% of the company. The founder of Midea Group He Xiangjian still
indirectly owns a nearly 35% stake.
In the end of 2014, Xiaomi acquired a 1.3% stake in Midea Group with RMB1.27 billion, obtaining the
right to nominate one senior management member as a director. Midea Group's board of directors
currently consists of 10 board members. Xiaomi and Midea both describe their relationshiop as a
strategic partnership that mutually benefits their own 'eco system'. The capital tie-up with Xiaomi is seen
as a welcomed change in terms of Midea's ambition in becoming the domestic leader of smart home
appliances.
Figure 16: Shareholding Structure
Sources: Company Annual Report, Bloomberg, CGIS Research
FINANCIAL MODEL
P&L Observations:
1.) From 2013-2016, Midea's gross margins increased steadily as a result of improving product mix
and gradual price hikes in a benign commodity pricing environment. Gross margins declined in
2017 on account of higher commodity prices and PPA expenses from the Kuka and Toshiba
acquisition.
2.) Midea's profit before tax exceeds EBIT due to investment income, among other adjustments.
Over the past five years, investment income has averaged ~10% of pretax profit, though this
figure declined to high single digits in 2016-2017. We suspect the majority of this income is
coming from investments in wealth management products held in "Other Current Assets" on the
balance sheet.
Figure 17: Simplified Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Balance Sheet Observations:
1.) Inventory increased steeply in 2017, but this could be the result of year-end effect and
consolidation of Kuka
Other current liabilities are comprised mostly of accrued sales rebates and accrued installation
costs.
3.) In 2017, Midea's debt increased due to the acquisition of Kuka (RMB 27bn).
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Cash Flow Observations:
1.) From 2013 to 2017, Midea spent approximately net RMB 10bn per year on "Investments." We
suspect most of these investments are going into Wealth Management Products (WMPs), which
are booked in "Other Current Assets." We suspect these Wealth Management Products account
for the majority of Investment Income (see P&L).
D&A expense declines in 2018 as PPE expense from the Kuka and Toshiba acquisitions rolls off
3.) In recent years, Midea has maintained a dividend payout ratio of 45%
4.) In 2017, the large Acquisition cash outflow is due to the Kuka acquisition.
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International
Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made
as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance.
The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited and any of its
subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this report, and
such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies), mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of, any
or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal
in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-
listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
HOLD
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.