The company’s main business is the research, development and marketing of radio front end chips, the provision of radio front end chip products such as radio frequency switches, radio low noise amplifiers, etc. to the market, and the provision of ip authorization for mobile smart terminals such as smartphones. The company has now become a leading brand for domestic smartphones radio frequency switches, radio low noise magnifiers, and the company’s radio front end chip is used for Samsung, Mi, Wah, Vivo, Oppo, Unions, Thiang, tcl.
(1) The company’s radio front-end chip product has a strong technological edge. The company is a high-technology enterprise that relies on continuous accumulation of research and development, and by the date of signing of the offer, it has obtained 56 patents (of which 48 were patented), 9 integrated circuit plans. (2) The company has established a mature research and development team for radio frequency switches and radio frequency low-noise amplifiers products.
With the manufacture of chip production, such as crystal circle production, sealing, etc., and in order to ensure good productivity and supply capacity of the product, the company works closely with global-level crystal manufacturers, chip seal manufacturers, such as toowerjazz, power generation, tether clustering, etc., and chip seal manufacturers, such as Sunshine, Suzhou (the sealing plant that was created jointly by Sunlight and Engjiura), Qin Seong, and Xin Wei Wei, among others.
(3) By relying on R & D advantages and quality advantages, the company has built up good brand knowledge and rich customer resources at home and abroad. Through direct marketing and distribution, the company has covered the needs of many well-known mobile smart terminal manufacturers at the front end of the spectrum, and the company ' s front end chip products are being used in the products of Samsung, Mi, Hua, vivo, Opo, Association, Chimpan, tcl, etc., and is continuing to expand other smart players at home and abroad.
In the six months following the report, securities have increased or declined over the 300 index.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial circumstances and specific needs.