Mid-letter securities (60030): Investing in business renewals, effective counter-performance ratings for the year 2022
The main business is: securities brokerage; portfolio investment consultancy; and securities.
Financial advisers in relation to transactions, portfolio investment activities; securities: high volatility in equity markets during the reporting period, and challenges to company operations, resulting in investment bank performance becoming a glimmer of underwriting and insurance; securities self-employment; securities asset management; and integration.
In response to recurrent domestic epidemics, the Russian-Turkish conflict and the continued rapid interest hikes of major central banks such as the US and Europe, and the continuing volatility of the equity market; portfolio fund swaps; and sudden-onset factors for long-term firms, the overall performance of domestic capital markets was depressed in 2022, and equity markets were highly volatile.
Sino-Portal securities have had a significant negative impact on the operations of the securities industry in a number of areas of business.
Under a number of pressures. The year-round performance showed that all major lines of business, with the exception of investment, received revenues from the 2021 economy, and that further improvements in financing arrangements had fallen to varying degrees, with net proceeds from brokering of $11,168 million, or 20.01 per cent less, compared with 20,01 per cent less;
There is a 22.33% reduction in the number of players, wealth managers, trading services and liquidity providers, market important investors, and risk managers. By contrast, the investment business continues to be a stronger non-cyclical attribute, becoming a company.
The company relies on its top performance to generate a net operating income of $8.654 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 6.1% over the same period.
Taking full account of the financing-type business risks in the previous period, the significant credit impairment losses reversed during the reporting period (698 etc.) (698 et cetera, integrated business models of CBMs, billion) became an important “stabilizer” of performance. We expect that as the impact of the epidemic subsides, macroeconomics will become more important.
Together with the ICT International Financial Holdings (CIFIs), they are providing clients with the ground for a gradual recovery and full registration system, and in 2023 they were engaged in brokering, investment, self-employment, capital management, credit, etc.
As the East Wind and the full registration system accelerate their progress, IPOs continue to be the firm's most robust growth point. Core business such as equity and bond underwriting rank first on a long-term basis. Within the framework of a comprehensive listing system, the line of operations, such as investment and direct investment, is gradually becoming more efficient and efficient, allowing bondholders to move up the entire chain,
It is expected that, with macroeconomic stability and the easing of the epidemic, combined with the recovery of Hong Kong and overseas investments, corporate investment will continue to make a breakthrough in terms of both its size and synergies with other lines of business.
The strengthening of global business linkages, with the internationalization of the map, based on a belt of economics, Hong Kong and the South-East Asian region, is expected to continue to expand, and will also lead to faster growth in revenues from the “upstream” operations of such investors as Sino-Sin securities, goldstone, etc.
Wealth management and asset management operations remain at the core of protecting against market volatility, optimizing resource allocation, and building up client infrastructure. Economic growth is increasing at a slower rate, with a declining rate of disposable income for the population, and demand for wealth management products is declining in the short term.
It is huge, and it poses a huge challenge to the size of new and stock funds and to the growth of management fee income, which in turn is reflected in the fact that bond dealers are involved in wealth-management operations such as sales of financial products, fund clients, etc. But the company relies on the platform for efficient synergy between the wealth-management business line and the summer fund, and through credit equity management,
At the same time, the company raises the rate of return for its wealth management clients against the company’s management capabilities and goods through the industry’s leading equity derivatives and qd11,f1cc lines of operations.
The current homogenization of the securities industry is still high, and, in the context of the continuing increase in the Matthews effect, the moat at the forefront is expected to persist and deepen, and the pooling of resources becomes more visible.
As the industry’s absolute leader, the Sino-Trust securities are not only business-free, integrated and strong, but also characterized and heterogeneous in their business structure, with the initial emergence of countercyclical properties. With the completion of the company’s portfolio, capital strength has been effectively replenished, and the business structure is expected to continue to improve.
To improve profitability and overall competitiveness, we are firmly committed to the long-term development prospects of the company and to the construction of the "Bonds of Eastern Financial Surgery" (60030): the investment industry continues to perform well, effectively smoothing performance fluctuations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
The four-year banking experience, seven-year non-banking financial research experience,
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015; tenth Master of Economics in the Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; and joined East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.