The company issued its first quarter report for 2023 on 27 April 2023.
The income structure is balanced with a high base, with less elastic performance.
The annual base is high, the market stock base increases at the same rate as the market stock base, creating a certain drag on the brokering business, with an average daily stock base transaction of 0.99 trillion, corresponding to 9.2 per cent, a decrease in the revenue from the company brokerage business that is higher than the market stock base transaction, and a small rate of commission for the brokering business, we believe, or as a result of the brokering business.
The number of market ipo/refinancers is 68/125, compared to 18/+9, and the size of ipo/refinancing is 199, ranked first in the industry.
Financial investment assets have increased in size and overheated the market, and there has been a significant reversal in self-employment. At the end of the quarter, corporate traded financial assets stood at $631.2 billion, up 18.9 per cent from the beginning of the year.
By the end of the quarter, the sale of repurchased financial assets/short-term financing payable was at the beginning of the year.
Risk factors: volatility in capital markets: increased competition in industry: less developed than expected portfolio development, etc.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Li, Director-General of the Guanghai Rental Operations Department, was employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio and Chinese-Canadian Securities. Joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019. He was in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. He was a Master of Arts in Economics, University of Shandong; Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France; three years of non-bank finance research experience; and was a former member of the United Nations Board of Auditors, Zhang Kai-jung, Master of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of insurance actuarials, June 2022.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.