The net return on parent earnings grew at a lower rate than the industry average, with fair value growth driving investment returns 03/09/2019: more recently, Eastern securities published their semi-annual report in 2019, and the company achieved a year-round operating income of $8,079 million, an increase of 88.88 per cent compared to 88.8 per cent; net shareholder affiliation to parent companies was achieved
In the first half of 2019, companies recovered and net profits increased at an excellent rate: in the first half of 2019, the securities industry achieved business income of $179.94 million, an increase of 41.37 per cent, and net profits of $66.662 billion.
In the first half of the year, the company’s operating expenditure increased by 6,664 million yuan, or 86.93 per cent; other operating costs increased by 3,357 million yuan, or 354,87 per cent; and, by rough estimates, after the closure of warehouse receipt operations, the company’s operating expenditure increased by 17 per cent compared to the previous year.
But business earnings grew at a rate of only 34% on a year-on-year basis, resulting in net corporate returns rising at a lower rate than industry averages. Fair value growth led to investment returns, with rates falling to absorb revenues. Fair value growth led to investment gains in the first half of 2019, with companies realizing investment returns (including equity) of $1.967 billion, an increase of 31.05% over the same period; with a net gain of $757 million in fair value movements, a growth rate of the same year.
165.19 per cent. At the same time that self-employed business has performed well, corporate management revenue has declined: in the first half of the year, operating income was $834 million, a decline of 98.7 per cent over the same period, and the overall size of management has changed little, but the income has declined considerably, and we expect it to be due mainly to a decline in the proactive management of operating rates.
(b) Risk factors: declining volume of transactions and significant fluctuations in self-employment, lower access thresholds and less policy than expected.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In July 2014, China’s financial sector was studied by comparison of the 9th House of the City Street in Beijing’s West Side. It has a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy, and industry. It interacts with mainstream media such as Gwang and Xinhua.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.