:: Events: 25 March, engaged banks disclosed 2023: annual net return to mother ' s profit ratio + 6.22 per cent (formerly engaged bank (600036)
Growth in size and profit has been steady, with roe remaining above 16%. In 2023, commercial bank receipts were equal to lysium - 1.64%, a decrease of 8bp from the previous three quarters; net return profits were lower than the previous three quarters.
At the end of the year, the total assets of the company grew by 8.77%, the size of which is Xiaohui Zhang has risen to 11 trillion new steps. Performance growth has slowed at a slower pace, mainly as a result of a drop in income tax.
With firm operations, the annual weighted roe has remained above 16% and is a leader in the industry. The net difference continues to be under pressure and is still a leader in the industry.
Wang Dynasty is down by 4bp from the previous three quarters, with interest-bearing asset returns by 3bp and interest-bearing liability cost increases by 1bp from the previous three quarters.
The latter is related to the Fed’s increase in the cost of raising interest rates on foreign-currency co-operation. Companies are working to strengthen asset-liability portfolio management, while asset-side captures credit delivery while increasing bond allocation; and liabilities are struggling with low-cost core deposit growth to counter deposits.
q4 deposit cost ratio is equal. Overall, corporate interest differentials remain prominent, higher than the 1.69% of all commercial banks and 1.76% of all stock lines during the same period.
Loans of concern rose by 9bp to 1.10% of the ring scale, but remained generally under-watered in listed banks as much as 4.14%, at a higher level in the industry. By type, the poor rate for public loans was 1.19%, the downward trend was that risks associated with the real estate industry were declining; retail lending was declining.
The poor rate of 0.89%, relatively stable, is concentrated in credit cards and consumer loans, and is expected to improve in the future as the economy improves, the ability of clients to repay and the willingness to repay is raised. High-quality development is steadily advancing, and large wealth management is not being done
Capital is more abundant, and high-quality development is pursued. At the end of 2023, core-level capital under the High-Level Act was replaced by competitive advantages, credit was invested in priority areas, technology enterprise loans, green loans, and universal Sinda securities.
Profit forecasting: Merchant Banks insist on using the strategic objectives of the value bank as a model for the development of a new model of high-quality development based on differentiated features, and create a synergistic development of business plates. 2023
Figure 2: Accumulation of the same speed of performance vs. Level of the industry as a whole, Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance
Figure 6: Unsatisfactory rates vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsistence coverage vs. Industry Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a course of study at the Royal College of Honour and Financial Science.
It covers mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.