Bank of Merchants (600036.sh): Red mark rate further up to March 28, 2024, with a smoother quality of assets
Incident: On 24 March, the Bank of Merchants published its 2023 annual report, which enabled the collection and pre-payment of profits throughout the year, and the Bank of Merchant Enterprises, established in 1987 as the first company in China to be fully owned by the Shenzhen Snake Gate, the frontline to the reform and opening of China.
The annual weighted average of roe is 16.22%, a decrease of 0.84 pct from the previous year. The assessment is as follows:
With a narrow drop in revenue, the cashier bank has increased its profits by 6.2 per cent.
End-of-income: Other non-interest income increases, with a narrow drop in revenue. In 2023, a group of banks engaged in commercial banking, consumer finance, finance subsidiaries, etc., had a strong global development character and important market influence.
In the context of credit card transaction contractions, the net non-interest income in the credit card is +25.01 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the return on bond investment, foreign currency transactions, and the growth of income from the rental of silver.
Total equity/flowa share (millions) Cost end: fine-tuning control costs, provision for counter-milk feeding, net profit growth. Companies continue to fine-tune configuration fees. Circulationb/h share (millions)
In late 2023, the balance of bank loans was +7.6 per cent compared to the previous year, slowing down by 0.1 pct from the end of September. In 2023, new loans of $457.4 billion were added, representing 49 per cent of public and retail loans, respectively.
Of these, 24.3% and 16.5% were added to public loans, representing a net decrease of 49.3 billion in public real estate loans. The main incremental contribution of retail loans was from micro-credit, consumer loans, and others, accounting for 26.3% and 23.6% respectively.
In 2023, the retail customer base continued to tighten in the context of pressure on the retail business in the banking sector, achieving steady growth on a high base. At the end of the year, retail customers, and customers of sunflowers and above, and private-sector clients reached 197 million, 4.641 million and 14.88 million, respectively, representing an increase of 7.07 per cent, 12 per cent and 10.42 per cent, respectively.
With the adjustment of mortgage rates, the rate of return on loans has fallen considerably (q4 ring to 16bp) and interest-bearing asset returns have fallen by 4bp. At the end of the debt: q4 deposit payments have been flat as a result of the continued periodicization of deposits and their slow pricing; and the cost of co-financing has risen, with interest-bearing liability rates having risen by 2bp.
Looking ahead, there are downward pressures on asset end-of-end rates of return in 2024, but it is expected that interest differentials will be reduced by a narrow margin, given that the cost of lower deposits at the end of the debt will gradually release the dividends from the financial boom in the East.
Good growth remains stable. 61 billion new non-performing loans were generated throughout the year (over 60% from credit cards), down 1.978 billion by the same year; 1.03% of non-performing loans were generated, down 12bp by the same year.
At the end of 2023, corporate lending was poor at 1.19%, a decline of 7bp compared to the same year.
Of these, credit card failures are relatively high, with year-end failures of 1.75% and year-on-year declines of 2bp: not measured and have continued to rise in recent years. We believe that companies have a stable and high proportion of their cash spreads, supported by capital abundance, stable profitability, and 30% of the red scale in the statute of the public department.
Investment proposals: We judge that in 2024, merchant banks’ loans increased or remained stable, with interest differentials still having a narrow pressure, but a narrow rate of decline; and that non-interest income recovered steadily, with revenue expected to remain under pressure. But, given the stability and adequacy of asset-quality aggregates, net profits are expected to be released in a smooth and sustainable manner in support of real-economy claims.
At this stage, a dynamic and balanced development of “quality, efficiency, scale” is being pursued, with four major blocks of balanced and synergistic development that are expected to better support retail advantage operations back to the steps, and to value the company's mature management system and leading retail advantages.
Figure 3: Merchant Bank 3q23, 2023 split
Bank of Merchants (600036.sh): The percentage of dividends has increased further and the quality of assets has been relatively stable - Annual Report 2023, Figure 6: Non-performing loan rates in Merchant Banks decreased by 1 bp to 0.95 per cent by the end of 2023, compared to the same year, Table 1: Tracking indicators related to wealth management in Merchant Banks
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the east: Bank of Merchants (600036.sh): further increase in the share of dividends and a more stable quality of assets - Annual Report 2023
The University of Cambridge, England, Master of Finance and Economics. Years of experience in banking, analysis of gold securities, sea-ton securities, skywind securities.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (600036.sh): The percentage of dividends has increased further and the quality of assets has been relatively stable - the 2023 edition does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report objectively and impartially, but the points and conclusions in the text are not changed.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.