On March 25, 2023 annual reports were issued by the comptoirs. Over 23 years, a cumulative revenue of 3,39.1 billion yuan was collected.
\triangleright +0.1 pct, -0.3 pct, respectively, during the first three quarters of the 23 years of accumulated, parent net profit increases.
Under pressure from adjustment of interest rates on stock mortgage loans, the rate of growth in revenue has remained marginal. Net interest income has increased negatively from year to year, with net interest differentials or still under pressure.
Year after year, in the context of lpr adjustments and retail credit demand has not recovered significantly, net interest differentials or tight pressure still exist, especially during the quarter, with the effect of concentrated pricing. The strategic strength of large wealth management remains unchanged.
Under the influence of factors such as residual gold, banks have received the same revenue for 23 years - 10.8 per cent.
The number of households and aum continue to grow at a high level, reaching 197 million retail customers at the end of 23 years, or 7.1 per cent of the year, and managing retail sales of 13.3 trillion yuan, or 9.9 per cent of the year, or 23 years of non-interest income, leaving a balance of 39.9 billion yuan, or 13.9 per cent of the year, in real estate operations where banks are called upon to take credit risk;
At the end of 23 years, the negative rate of loans to public property was 5.01 per cent, compared to 23 q3 at the end of 30 bp, and the absolute rate was still higher. First, the risk exposure accelerated, and second, the decline in the risk exposure to real estate led to a reduction in the negative rate denominator. (2) Retail credit performance increased at a marginal rate, with retail credit returning to warm-back to 2023.
At the end of the 23rd year, retail loans were at a poor rate of 0.91 per cent, compared to 23q3 at the end of +5bp, with a strong capacity to compensate for adverse risk, while high ration coverage was followed by some anti-bullying profit margin, which underpinned a small recovery in the 23-year margin growth rate of the commercial banks, although the 24-year interest margin and the middle rate were still under pressure.
5. Merchant Bank (600036.sh) 3-quarter 2022 reporting point Macroeconomic recovery, recovery of demand for retail credit, early disposal of property risks, improvement of credit management: profit acceleration, prudential classification of risk - 2022/11/Add.1
A solid merchant bank is expected to gain more value repair space than the whole of the plate. In addition, the company’s 23-year cash \triangleright figure 1: the firm’s performance increased at the same rate as at the end of 2023 (cumulative)
Figure 2: Net interest income, median and year-on-year increases by end-2023 (cumulative) Figure 3: Other non-interest-on-year increases by end-2023 (cumulative) by banks by end-2023 Figure 5: Total assets by end-2023, total loans, total deposits by year-on-year increases
Figure 6: Merchant Bank Retail aum (million yuan) as of the end of 2023 and the same rate of increase by the end of 2023
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.