Performance orders continue to grow, opening up the world's growth space.
In the q4 quarter, companies achieved operating income of 1,438 million yuan, an increase of 54.24%, and net profit of 586 million yuan, an increase of 19.13%. As home-grown smart car leaders, companies have consistently achieved high performance growth, highlighting our leadership.
Maintenance of the company ' s expected performance for 2024-2025 and the addition of a profit forecast for 2026, with a projected rapid growth in the company ' s net profit margins and a continuing impact on the scale of the company ' s operations in 2023, with excellent performances in all of its operations and revenue of 15.802 billion yuan in smart cabin operations,
In terms of profitability, in view of the changing product structure and the competition of the industry, the company ' s smart cabin business achieved a Māori rate of 20.58%, a decrease of 0.76 ptt compared to the previous year, the impact of smart driving operations on the size of the end-of-service companies, and a decline in sales/management/R & D/financial costs, respectively.
• The growth of new orders supported business growth, the expansion of new products and the opening up of forward space. In 2023, the company received 24.5 billion yuan in annual sales for new projects, including 15 billion yuan for smart cabins, 8 billion dollars for new smart driving, and eight billion dollars for new annual orders.
In terms of products, the company's car domain is targeted by its customers, such as ideal, kryptonite, Gilly, etc., Hud gets project fixes, electronic rearview mirrors, etc. are stored in reserve; and the smart driving field platform is equipped with mainstream cars.
We expect that companies will continue to benefit from the smart dividends of the automobile industry in the future, moving from home to global and growing.
"Immediate update of the mid-point information." "Shareholder funding needs reduced, without changing the company's long-term trends - update of the medium-sized information."