Company review reports that the automobile industry has increased its earnings in intelligent driving and has made a lot of orders in hand.
Events: Companies issued financial reports for the year 2023, achieving business income of $21,908 million for the year, equal to +46.71 per cent, net return to the mother of $1,547 million, equal to +30.65 per cent, net deduction from the parent of the profit
Intelligent driving and network services continued to grow at a very high rate, with the company’s three main product lines Qin JiQin growing throughout the year 2023.
Smart cabins, smart drivers, Internet connections and others have diversified their income by $15,802 million and $4,485 million respectively. On the Māori scale, the company Māori ratio has fallen, with a ratio of 20.44 per cent for the entire year 2023, as a result of lower prices for the sale of new products for pre-promotion concessions and their scalination.
In 2023, the company’s sales/licensings were followed by a scale production period, with product diffusion and large-scale R & D inputs to emerging technologies reduced, and the product build-up resulted in rapid growth in performance, driven by scale effects.
The relative depth of 300 shows a decline in rates and R & D costs, which has affected some of the decline in M & D rates. Close collaboration with the head of the new energy car players has been established to sustain high performance with adequate hand orders.
The company relies on its leading technology R & D capabilities to establish close cooperation with the new energy mainframe for the head, and to achieve a sufficient number of new future project orders to match the production of the new product. With regard to the intelligent cabin, the third generation of high-performance smart class products are expected to produce the product package, Chir, Hiro, and so on.
And to get new project fixes for Chirry, Hirondor, Biadei, the fourth generation of cabin products, new project fixes for ideal, Gilly, Eyan, extreme, etc., new purchase orders for smart cabins, over $15 billion in annual sales, contributing firm basic revenue to the company; and intelligent driving.
High-calculus platform production packages with ideals such as Lutus, Ayan, Krypton, and new ideas, new project orders from more than 10 car companies such as Eian, Gilly, Wall, Lutus, Krypton, lightweight differentials.
The breakthrough of $8 billion is expected to continue to contribute to the core growth of the company's performance; for new products, the body, domain controllers are targeted by customers such as ideal, arcium, Gilly, millimetre-wave radars are targeted by customers such as Eyan, a red flag, and the support company is building a more comprehensive matrix of smart hardware products and upgrading bicycle packages.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.