Distributive media (002027.sz): 22 years of performance in compliance with the target (002027.sz)
For 22 years, the overall performance of Fengcry Ting's media network and overseas chief analysis was in line with expectations, with a long-term focus on the recovery of the economy. As a traditional marketing season, 22q4 was affected by the epidemic across the country in the last quarter, with regular advertising in some cities.
Limited and negatively affected business performance, with net return expected to be $639-719 million, the advertising market gradually warming, and the company ' s 2023 performance recovering.
As domestic economic activity recovers, advertising market demand is expected to recover and corporate performance is steadily recovering and improving. In the last two years, companies have actively implemented “reduce efficiency gains” by increasing the number of high-quality resource points while cutting out inefficient, old and old regional points, optimizing and collating them.
Building media resources network, which facilitates digital management and monitoring. Point optimization reduces the company’s demand for transport personnel, the company’s total staff has been declining for the last three years, the total number of employees has declined for the end of the 21st year, the high dividends are shared with shareholders, and the buy-back program highlights future confidence.
The announcement was considered and approved by the Interim Shareholder Assembly in the first three quarters of the year 22, which agreed to adopt in October the Company Bill on the Repurchase of Equity in a Centralized Bidding Scheme, which agreed that the Department would use its own funds to repurchase a portion of the company ' s social and public shares in a centralized bid transaction.
The total amount of this buy-back is no less than 400 million yuan yuan and no more than 800 million yuan yuan and the price of the buy-back does not exceed 7 yuan/unit, and the duration of the implementation is 12 months from the date of the adoption of the buy-back programme by the company’s board of directors, up to 22 years.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Investment proposals: As a leader in the domestic ladder industry, with bargaining power, companies insist on optimizing client structures and locational resources. As the economic recovery increases in the client budget and moves to the sea, the public sector is expected to achieve long-term steady growth.
In 2021, he was employed on Skywind Securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity vendors, new consumption, etc., and was a pioneer in research on the mescolar secondary market (the first report was not, was not and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Suddam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSC has approved. This report was produced and published by the Sindak Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.