Increased share of large-scale instruments and medium-sized and medium-sized clients in the country, and increased visibility of overseas brands
After the impact of the gains and losses on payments and exchange, the company’s operating profits increased by 41.26% on a year-on-year basis after the tax in 2020. Of this amount, operating income of $625 million was realized in the fourth quarter of 2020, with the same growth rate.
The increase in the number of new large and medium-sized domestic instruments is expected to boost the number of instruments, although affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, the country has achieved sales revenue of $1,367 million, with total equity/flow (million shares) throughout the year.
2.22 per cent increase over the same period; 1,363 additional domestic chemical luminometers, of which the total market value/flow (millions) for large chemicals
A total of 53.26 per cent of the highest/lowest 12 months, of which the hypervelocity chemical luminescent immune analyser maglumix8 instrument has accumulated a steady increase in the number of clients in level III hospitals with product services from the end of 2019.
The country's leading chemical luminous industry, with 127 to 1034 facilities, of which 726 are covered by 3A hospitals, company products, and with the company's roll-out of large instruments, large-scale end-user ratios, high-end machine sales
Three-quarterly reviews: q3 revenue ends remain at 34%, sales patterns shift to regular item menus linked to reagent orders, top eight tests, etc.
To complete, we believe that the average annual output of the company's chemical luminous immuno-analysis instrument is expected to increase rapidly, with the help of new crown reagents to speed up the expansion of large and large customers overseas, net of sales of new crown reagents and new industry (300832).
The company successfully developed a fully automated chemical luminous new coronary antibody test in early February 2020.
Business strategy shifts to mid-to-high-end markets. Reagents, first completed EU area access.
The sale of networks and the consolidation of the client base, with new coronary resistance test agents achieving sales revenue of $320 million throughout the year, and the product service programme for new coronary antibody testing for third-party medical laboratories in parts of Europe and Latin America have been instrumental in facilitating the expansion of large and medium-sized medical end-users overseas.
The company achieved sales revenue of $823 million in overseas operations throughout the year, an increase of 140.16 per cent over the same year; 1,868 chemical luminescence devices were sold overseas, raising the share of large-scale machine sales to 26.23 per cent.
A high growth rate of 46.76% was achieved. It follows that the company’s rapid growth in overseas operations benefited not only from the sale of new coronary test agents, which in turn led to the sale of other test agents, such as inflammation, but also from the annual rise in the visibility of the “snibe” overseas brand.
Continuous enrichment of reagent product lines for both luminous and biochemical products, and the upgrading of maglumix3 to enhance corporate competitiveness of luminous products in small and medium-sized customers
20 certifications for quarantine reagents, 20 registrations for biochemical reagents; progrp, he4, pivka-ii, among others, are among the leading in-country projects with new products for clinical needs in thyroid function, cardiovascular disease and inflammation surveillance. The company was formed in 2019.
The molecular diagnostic development team launched the first new coronate test box in September 2020, and three new coronate test agents have now been licensed for sale in overseas markets.
Photo-Immunoanalyst, a national product registration certificate obtained in March 2021, helps to improve the competitiveness of companies' chemically luminous products in small and medium-sized customers. Domestic instrument sales policy adjustments affect Māori rates, equity incentive costs and exchange gains and losses.
If the Māori ratio of instruments and appliance software drops by 9.03pct; by region, it is mainly related to the adjustment of national sales policies for luminometers. Net sales interest rates fall by 3.16pt to 42.79% over the same period, except for Māori rates.
There are also factors that contribute to the cost of equity incentives, leading to an increase in management costs (a share payment of $33.49 million per year in 2020). Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on analysis of the company’s core business portfolio, we expect
We've made less progress than expected, we've got more volatility in overseas markets, we've got a new form of coronary pneumonia that's going on.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.