On April 26, the company published a quarterly report for 2021, which generated operating income of $532 million, a year-on-year increase.
84.37 per cent, or 68.94 per cent, compared to the same period in 2019. The net return profit of 168 million yuan was achieved, and domestic operations were largely back on track, while overseas operations were gaining momentum. During the quarter, domestic medical institutions were gradually returning to normal, and company domestic operations were largely back on track, adding new clients in 2020.
The demand for reagents has led to a similar increase in domestic sales earnings and profits. In offshore operations, companies have grown well, and global loading has rapidly increased. Overseas operations have continued to grow better in the first quarter of 2021, net of share payments and remittances.
After the effect of exchange gains and losses, the company ' s operating profits grew by 125.87 per cent on the same basis after the tax in the first quarter of 2021.
71 per cent (-9 per cent), a decrease of 6 per cent compared to 2020, is expected to be linked to the structure of product sales. Corporate sales costs are 15 per cent (-6 per cent) and management costs 16 per cent (+12 per cent), mainly as share-sharing incentives.
-0.4 per cent (+4 per cent), mainly as a result of changes in exchange gains and losses. The ratio of corporate accounts receivable to assets in one quarter was 5 per cent (- 2 per cent), and company sales returned well, resulting in a net operating cash flow of 120 million yuan (+347 per cent) in one quarter.
The company’s maglumi series of human immunodeficiency virus antigens and antibody reagents (the chemical photo-immunological analysis method) were certified once a quarter. At the same time, the company is in the project categories of oncology markers, infectious diseases, auto-free antibodies, etc.
So far, the company has obtained 138 chemically luminous reagents, the Medical Device Registry (a total of 149 certificates), which is expected to lead to a rising level of single production in the future. Equity incentive costs amortization affects perceived profits; risks to raw materials procurement, research and development of new products, and a culture of registration.
Risks of risk, expansion of overseas markets. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment