The whole new eccape is stunned, and the new Ford cycle is strengthened.
At the same launch, Ford's brand-new car eccape was amazing, and the new car moved on to the next city. The whole new escape is located above the wing tigers. In the design concept, escape targets young consumers of the Chinese market in Ford's unique design language.
The appetizer has made a change in localization, which is more fashionable than the overall style of the wing tigerscape. On interior and power aggregates, the interiors are more similar to the new Fox; on power, escape provides two power versions of 1.5l3 and 2.0l4 with a full configuration of Ford's latest 8at changes.
Speeders. We believe that, as a upgraded product of wing tigers, escape has a much higher profile than the former in terms of appearance, interiors, and power, and can make up for the short cut-off of cash-wing tigers in terms of product strength, thus further strengthening the new cycle of Ford China.
Building four centres, home-grown R & D is progressing steadily. Building on the existing technology team in Ford China, it is proposed to build four centres for planning, products, innovation, and new energy, to accelerate home-grown construction, with new product roll-out increasing by 30-40% from the current level.
Cars cover Ford and Lincoln's traditions and electric models. On Ann Ford's side, five models, including Lincoln and Ford's brands, are planned to be produced domestically in 2019, including the brand-new Fulcos, the acute, the medium-term conversion of the Taurus, escape, and the Lincoln mkc.
In terms of new sources of energy, this year we'll launch a pure electric vehicle in the lead world, with a medium-sized suv electric vehicle next year, and an electric suv based on mustang will be on the market in 2021.
2. Long An vehicle (2019-03-22): good results in stock-taking, short-term sales do not change the trend towards a recovery cycle
3. Chang An car (000625); perform well, open all 4. Chang An car (000625); stay still.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.