The Great Wall Car (60163.sh) reports a three-quarter performance improvement of 81 per cent in the third quarter of the year and a firm push for a new energy transformation.
In the first three quarters of the Great Wall, $99.5 billion (+10 per cent) was collected; in the first three quarters of the Wall, $8.16 billion (+65 per cent) was realized; in q3, $37.3 billion (+29 per cent); in the third quarter, $2.56 billion (+81 per cent) was achieved.
In the first three quarters, the company's Māori ratio was determined to move forward with the new energy transformation and the roll-out of a heavy-pound model. Three quarters, Hover's third-generation h6dht-phev.
It's officially on the market for $159.8 million and $117.38 million; it's on the Mocha dht-phev laser radar; it's on the road; it's going to be on board with a worry-free battery, ora-pilot 3.0 super-flux of an intelligent driving aid system; it's going to be on the market with a pure sedan running lightning cat; it's going to release a tank's technical route of “Dirting the Land + New Energy” and it's going to be on the market.
The super-mixed structure of the cross-country tank 300hev with the tank 500phev; the Great Wall's foot-in-the-mode 2.0, the large-scale high-performance luxury pyka mountain gunlights, which led to the upward leap of the new pickup class. Smart electrodynamicization accelerates transformation, globalization continues, and innovation accelerates change.
In terms of intelligence, there are already products in the field of smart driving and smart cabins. 2021 The Great Wall Cars (601633.sh) - Reported: 59% higher in the last six months than in the previous six months.
The company has proposed a transition to a globalized smart technology firm, with a global R & D, production, sales model, The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh)-Hafoh6 mixed release, opening up new sources of energy in a number of countries and regions, with more than 900,000 vehicles sold overseas.
The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) - Middle Report performance forecast: optimized product structure by creating a global 3.0 version of the organizational structure through “Strength Backstage, Big Centre, Small Front”.
Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) - The four-quarters annual average of single-car prices, electric intelligence, and the impact of the epidemic, and future industry demand for a definite downscaling of 2023 and 2024 profit + tank + coffee intelligence.
One billion yuan, a 65 per cent increase in the same year; a net profit of 4.34 billion yuan, a 19 per cent increase in the same year. q3 earned $37.346 billion, a 29 per cent increase in the same year; a net profit of 2.56 billion yuan, an 81 per cent increase in the same year; a net profit of 2,281 million yuan, a 181 per cent increase in the same year, was realized.
External environmental factors, such as increased profitability, combined with gains on exchange, have increased significantly over the same period. Structure, increased profitability, and a small increase, with a single-quarter positive shift in financial cost rates.
Figure 6: Māori rates for companies, changes in net interest rates (quarterly) Figure 7: Cost rates during company life
The sales volume was 283,000 (year-on-year + 6 per cent, ring + 21 per cent). q3 brands showed that Huff sold 165,000 (year-on-year + 8 per cent, ring + 36 per cent), Wey sold 0.8 million (year-on-39 per cent, ring + 6 per cent) and Pika sold 49,000 (year-on-year + 79 per cent, ring + 25 per cent).
Figure 10: Corporate quarterly sales of sub-brands with a record high of bicycles. In 2022, the q3 Great Wall car cost an average of $132,000, an increase of $230,000 in the same year, and an increase of $10,000 in the ring, an increase of historic highs.
In terms of profitability, in 2022, the net profit on q3 bicycles was 0.9 million yuan, an increase of 0.4 million yuan and a decrease of 0.8 million yuan in the ring ratio; the net profit on single car deductions was 0.81 million yuan, an increase of 0.5 million yuan in the same year and the ring ratio in the same year.
We believe that this is largely affected by improved product structure and stress on raw materials. Companies are continuing to pursue a focused strategy for their products, expanding international markets, actively promoting new energy and intelligent development, further optimizing the product structure, and improving profitability is expected to continue.
Figure 13: Wall Cars to Mother net profit (US$ 10,000) Figure 14: Wall Cars to Mother net profit (US$ 10,000)/Quarterly Figure 15: Wall Cars to Mother net profit (US$ 10,000)/Quarterly
Hafer's brand is the bulk of the Great Wall sales (long-term sales of more than 70%), with 93.8 million vehicles sold in 2016, an increase of 41.59% over the same period; in 2017-2018, the volume of Hover's sales continued to fall by 2% over the same year, as a result of the downside of the traffic. Sales began to rebound in May 2020, and in 2021 q3 became subject to the same sales.
As of July 2022, Huff had a cumulative global sales volume of more than 7.5 million, q3 having benefited from industrial heating and a easing of the supply of materials, Hover's brand sales were 165,000, up 8%, and the ring 36%. Haff has now formed dht, including the Beast, the Three Generations of H6, H6s, H6s, Red Rabbit, etc.
A family-style hybrid matrix of car models will further transform the Hover brand into a new energy track in the future. Figure 18: Annual sales of Huff 2015-2021 (millions) Huffh6 is on the market, and the Wall is determined to push for a new energy transformation.
On the market, the new car was sold at $149.8 million; the H6dht-phev version was officially pre-saled at $16.88-17.68 million, and the Great Wall continued to drive the new energy transformation. The third generation of Hafferh6 was built on a lemon mix dht technology platform, with a hybrid power system consisting of 1.5t turbine boosters and electric machines, with the highest engine.
The horsepower 154ps, the peak torque 530n m, matches the 2 block dht gearbox. The Huffh6dht system has a maximum power of 243 ps, Huffh6dht-phev has a maximum power of 326 ps, and a pure electro-continuity mileage of 55km/110 km. The company is strong and the product is strong.
At the launch, the company announced that cumulative R & D investment would reach $100 billion in 2025, that the sales of new energy vehicles would be 80%, and that fuel vehicles would be officially discontinued in 2030, thereby contributing firmly to the transformation of the new energyization strategy.
Wey’s sales in the first three quarters are not as strong as the Great Wall’s vehicle average, and four quarters have begun to climb as chip supplies recover. The Mocha laser radar version will be officially released in the third quarter of this year, with new cars carrying the city’s noh high-level smart-ass driving technology, and the city’s noh will become China’s first-volume city-assisted driving system, and
Since May 2020, the Great Wall Picard has kept its monthly sales in excess of 20,000 vehicles. Cataloguing innovation has led to a breakthrough of 300,000 sales over two years and eight months of the Great Wall cannons being on the market.
Since 2016, local governments have been liberalizing Picard’s entry into the city, and this year’s policies have been implemented in Chongqing, Jiangxi, Hubei, Shandong, etc. The domestic pickup market is expected to grow rapidly.
The demand for cards, multiplied by demand, is constantly being lifted at the policy level, the vehicle environment is improving significantly, and the pickup is expected to become a multi-purpose vehicle, reaching people in one-to-three-line urban consumption, meeting the demand for outdoor activities of the higher-income urban population, and expanding the pickup market significantly. This year, the State Council issued a publication entitled " Promulgation for a stable economy " .
The circular on outreach policy measures explicitly states that “the introduction of fine management of the entry of pick-up trucks into the city and the study of further easing of the restrictions on the entry of pick-up trucks into the city”; and that the first technical standard for pickups, Multi-purpose Trucking and Technical Conditions, is officially implemented in the country, which represents a crucial step towards the transformation of identity.
In the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, sales continued to decline and began to rebound in July 2020. In December 2021, 21,000 vehicles were sold, reaching an all-time high.
On October 17th, the Eura Flash Cat showed a Parisian car show, a pure sedan running with a product-positioning superfluent line with a remarkable visual effect.
Driving, 0000 acceleration 4.3 seconds; equipped with a "defence-free battery" with a five-level safety protection system designed to be rigorous, with a high-level data-detection combustible for conductivity and reliability control. The whole vehicle is robust, and the product is on the market.
Tank brands: In addition to the urban suv, represented by Hafer, and the urban suv, represented by the horseman, the larger share of the market is the urban suv. In the context of the city's travel, the “enemy” direction could be to launch a more rigid, personal, tidal brand, while continuing the suv brand of the wind.
In this context, in April 2021, tank brands were run independently. The tank 300 heat was high, sold in December, sales of 25,000 tanks were sold in the third quarter of the year, representing a 49 per cent increase in the same year and a 12 per cent increase in the ring.
Lines and cross-country super-mixing structures officially open the era of new energy overlanding. The core advantages of super-mixed structure motors combined with electric machines, tod+fast-locked top four-drive systems, smart soc energy management, etc., are one-sided, compatible with outdoor and urban travel to achieve low-, medium-, and low-sized power.
Figure 28: The Great Wall Automobile Supermixed Structure with a tank version 300hev with a 2.0t Miller cycle engine and a 9hat transformer with a maximum capacity of 224kw
Rates and 640n m are the biggest twists, and power reserves are more abundant. A 100-km acceleration into the 9s, and a 100-km combined oil consumption of 10l, effectively meeting the demands of high-economic daily travel and long-range flight miles, bringing about even greater urban and cross-country experiences.
The tank 500phev plug-in, which inherits a "strong" energy asset of the fuel version 3.0tv6, with the new energy properties of the phev plug-in, will be the preferred driver for the large-scale "power player" in Suv.
The combined torque of 750n m, with a zero hundred acceleration time of 6.6 seconds, with a full power supply of 4.4l/100km, with a combined extension of 736km and a green card free of the acquisition tax concession, will move smoothly. During this year, the tank 300hev and tank 500phev plug-in mix will be ready for sale worldwide.
3.otv6phev products will also be marketed on top of high-end vehicles, such as tanks 700 and tanks 800. The "Four Strategic Positions" leads the smart electric new track, the Wall is transformed into a "Globalization Technology Travel Company" The Wall is transformed into a "Globalized Technology Travel Company." The Wall will be based on the "Global Large Layout" and "Research."
The new orientation of Big Inputs, Big Business Change, and Big Business for Users, with comprehensive and thorough innovation, sustained competitiveness, a new track, a Great Wall car drive to global technology, figure 29: Four Strategic Positions lead, a Wall car move to a global technology venture.
Year after year, the Wall’s plan to achieve a global annual sales target of 4 million vehicles, 80% of which will be new energy vehicles, generating more than $600 billion in operating revenue. To achieve the goal of 2025, the Wall has launched a “green mind play” strategy, with green carbon neutrality, cognitive intelligence, global tides, and a four-pronged approach by the intellectuals.
The goal is to create the top three brands of the world’s pickups. (2) Haffer’s branding of “China’s suv global leader” will continue to plow deep into the economy’s suv market. (3) Wey’s branding of the new generation of smart cars.
In order to provide users with an intelligent car experience. (4) Ora brands the world's favorite women's car brands, which will focus more on the city's best products. (5) Tank brands the world's first cross-country brands. (6) Sharon brands the luxury smart bev brands, which will be extremely powerful.
Luxury, technocratic, and cosmopolitan ideas to create a driving experience. Figure 32: The Great Wall's six brand matrices of smartness and electrodynamics accelerate the transformation. New strategies for energy security are being promoted, and the goal of "double carbon" is being established.
Under the background, the Great Wall is expected to achieve full carbon neutrality in 2045. The Wall will be pre-positioned, fully responsive, and will continue to deepen its path to electro-dynamic development, with continuous precision inputs in the three main areas of mixing, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, successive strategies and advanced technology to ensure that many mature products are quickly landed and realized.
The Great Wall's strategic goal of 2025 provides a powerful boost. The Wall is now home to intelligent organizations such as digitized products, centers, no-start technologies, etc. In terms of car intelligence, the Wall's already-landed products in the areas of smart driving and smart seating, and the Wall's cars are moving faster in terms of intelligence services, thus contributing to the overall development of the whole.
Industrial ecology shifts to the back end of the value chain. Globalization continues. In 2021, the Great Wall proposed a strategic goal of 2025, which is based on the positioning of the “global big picture”, “research and development big investment”, “business big change” and “user big operation”, and the Wall’s continued drive.
In order to achieve this goal, the company will focus on global research and development, production, marketing systems, and human capacity-building. In terms of research and development, the Great Wall has established research and development centres in several countries, including the United States, Japan, Germany, and India.
In terms of production, the Great Wall has built a full-scale vehicle production base in Thailand, Brazil, etc., and has set up several kd factories. In terms of sales, as of the end of 2021, the Great Wall had been used by the Great Wall.
In 2021, the Great Wall Car announced its second equity incentive plan, which, together with the 2020 equity incentive plan, cumulatively awarded the two equity incentive plans to over 10,000 people, covering 50% of its core workforce. On organizational change, the Wall vehicle created a 3.0 version for the world through its “strong backstage, big center, small front desk”
An organizational structure that builds a diverse and complementary top management team and breaks the framework of rank, seniority and boldly activates new people. A large number of young cadres, after 90 years, have come to the center of the stage to demonstrate the dynamism and innovation of a generation of Great Wallers.
Given the full digitalization of the Wall 's cars, based on the "Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart", the build-up of the money, the ability and competitiveness of the products, the new platform is expected to lead to a new cycle of product strength, the company being autonomous, the company ' s elastic, and its profitable elasticity, and the prospect of a significant industrial recovery and a new platform layout.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author