High-cost-control gold, globalization, set up a conic growth curve on 11th of August, 2024.
The research assistant, Xu Yida, is rich in resources and intends to acquire the Namibian company Osino to officially open up the offshore layout: by the end of 2023, the company owned five mining enterprises, with a combined retention of 45.536,000 tons of gold and 146.66 tons of gold and metal.
Tons; combined silver lead and zinc polymetallic mineral resources of 69,064,000 tons and silver metal of 8,018.82 tons. In February 2024, the company proposed to buy cash from the Namibian company Osino, whose prime asset is the twinhills gold mine, which is planned to produce 5 tons per year. By the end of 2023, the twinhills gold mine had a gold resource of 91.3 tons, with resources.
With a taste of 1.09 g/t, a gold reserve of 64.5 tons and a resource of 1.04 g/t. The total gold resources of the company will increase significantly from 146.66 to 237.96 tons after the formal purchase of the gold mine.
The target provides for an infusion of expectations: in 2023, the company's major shareholder changed to Shandong gold, and the actual controlling person changed to Shandong Province State Finance Committee. The company relied on the Shandong Gold Group, whose assets were expected to be further strengthened; in addition, the company developed an overall development plan for the “XIV5” period, with 12 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of the fourteen-fifth year.
Tons; 28 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of the 15th century and more than 600 tons of gold resources and reserves.
The net profit margin for Ben and sales is clear in the same industry, where we have chosen Shandong gold, purple gold mining, and red peak gold as comparable companies for the same industry. In 2023, the company’s gold cost was $176.36/g, a higher concentration of corporate gold than the average company’s gold business.
Sales and single-ton sales prices, we test profit-side elasticity against potentially different price gradients for future gold prices, where 15 per cent, 25 per cent, and 35 per cent of gold prices are growing at the same level of sales, and where Yamato International profits — the rise in the US long-term debt ratio — are effectively pushing gold into a larger cycle; we believe that gold has an upward cycle.
Not in the short term, but the underlying logic is that in the context of weakening dollar credit, the monetary attributes of gold are increasing, and central bank institutions, represented by emerging countries, will be adjusting their diversified foreign exchange reserve allocation over the long term, with a long-term increase in the share of gold; moreover, based on our high deficit rate in the United States.
In the middle of the boom, the downside of the nominal interest rate in the United States will drive real interest rates fast after the start of the interest-reduction cycle, and the up-and-up cycle of gold will accelerate the upswing.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect SCI’s business income for 2024-2026, respectively
The strong dollar holds the risk of lower gold prices; the global central bank’s stop to buy gold makes the risk of weaker gold prices. Shanqin International, Inc., was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s main board in June 2000, and the company’s main business.
1.1. The company was transformed from a private-sector system to a State-owned holding company, with Shandong State Finance Committee as the actual controlling person, and Shandong State-owned company as the owner of Shandong State Finance Committee and Shandong Gold. The owner of the company was Silver Tai, China.
In July 2023, Shandong gold agreed to acquire all shares held by Shen and Sino-Thai, China, and officially held 23.1% of the shares of Shandong gold International; thereafter, Shandong gold continued to hold further shares of the company through a centralized bid, and by the end of 2023 Shandong gold held 28.89% of the company’s shares directly.
1.2. Corporate development focuses on the precious metals industry, expanding and expanding its metal resources. Corporate development pathways revolve around an overall approach to endogenous expansion, expanding through the continuous integration of excellent gold and mineral resources, both within and outside the country. 1) Corporate ownership shifted to mineral resources in 2007-2013. In 2013, companies completed a major asset load.
(b) In 2013-2016, the company carried out a nationwide merger and purchase of resources. During this phase, the company acquired the domestic Jilin Temple gold mine in El Larado, Canada, the Qinghai Zaydan gold mine and the Black River Rockstone gold mine.
3) In 2016-2024, the company opened a M&A with gold from Shandong. In 2021, the company acquired 60% of the share in the Man City Huaming gold mine and formally incorporated it into Shandong gold in 2023; in February 2024, the company issued an announcement to acquire the company Osino, located in Namibia, whose main asset, the twinhills gold and metal, had a total of approximately 99.21 tons.
By the end of 2023, the company had a combined stock of 45,536,000 tons of gold and 146,666 tons of gold and a combined stock of 69,018,400 tons of silver lead and zinc polymetal ore, 8,018.82 tons of silver and 61,37 million tons of lead, 12,836,000 tons of zinc and 12,62 million tons of copper.
1.3. The steady growth in the size of the company ' s revenue collection and profitability, and the continued increase in the ratio of Māori in the gold sector The small decline in the volume of the company ' s output and the small decline in total operating income to $8,382 million is mainly due to the cessation of production of the Jilin Temple gold mine due to the effects of the epidemic, and the two-month replacement of the Great Chaidan gold mine in the Qinghai due to the accidental breakdown of its equipment.
In 2023, the company actively promoted the resumption of work, while the price of gold was on the rise, and the company’s net profit was high. The company’s gold business was the main driver of performance growth, and the alloy gold-picking business contributed mainly to Maori.
From 2018 to 2020, the Black River Rock, Qinghai Grand Chaidan, and Jilin Temple gold mines, acquired in 2016, continued to grow and were transformed to significantly increase the company’s gold production, making the gold business a major driver of growth in corporate performance. Corporate management costs rose slightly, and net asset returns returned to growth areas.
The main reasons for this increase are that the company was affected by the mine stoppage in 2022 and increased exploration for potential M & As resources; and that in 2023, the company accelerated the resumption of mining operations in various mines, adding a rapid rise in gold prices, and the company ' s asset-liability rate was significantly lower than that of other companies in the same industry, providing further financing space for its increased storage and acquisition.
In 2023, the corporate asset liability rate was only 17.98 per cent, compared to 59.66 per cent for the mine, 60.43 per cent for the mountain gold and 54.36 per cent for the gold. The company liability rate continues to be low in the industry, contributing to the continuation of financing and further expansion of mine resources.
Corporate gold costs are low in the industry, with net sales rates leading in the same industry. The company’s mineral resources are generally relatively high, benefiting from the company’s level of internationalization of mining management and good cost control, and the company’s gold costs and net profit on sales have a significant advantage in the same industry. In 2023, the company’s gold cost was $176.36/g, compared to its peers.
In 2023, the net profit on company sales was 19.35 per cent, compared with 4.88 per cent on company sales, 9.05 per cent on gold mining and 12.06 per cent on gold in red peak.
By the end of 2023, the company had five mining enterprises, of which Black River Rock, Gilling Temple, Qinghai Tsai Tan are gold mines, and the Yulong Mine has more lead and zinc.
Metal ore mines, which are active ore-mines; Chinese gold mines, which are in the process of being restored. By the end of 2023, the Department had a combined stock of 45,536,000 tons of gold and 146,666 tons of gold and a combined stock of 69,018.4 million tons of silver lead and zinc, 8,018.82 tons of silver and 61.37 tons of lead and 12,836 tons of zinc.
At the end of the product, the company currently sells four main products, namely gold, silver, lead, zinc, powder. Gold and silver contribute most of them.
In 2023, gold contributed more than 70% of non-ferrous metal pick-ups and Māori; the White Silver Goons contributed 20% of revenue and 17% of Māori; and lead and zinc accounted for a lower proportion of Māori receipts. The volatility of the company’s Māori rate in silver does not fully reflect the volatility of silver market prices.
Silver and lead zinc concentrates are produced and sold separately, with a higher share of silver in lead and zinc concentrates and higher output, resulting in a higher correlation between the harvest of silver and lead zinc in the company ' s product business. Moreover, the volatility of the company ' s overall silver business and the market price of silver is due to fluctuations in the grade of the gold mine where the lead and zinc concentrates are located.
2.1. Locke of the Black River (100% interest) is one of the highest gold-grade mines in the country.
By the end of 2023, Black Rock held a total of 13.05 tons of gold, 4.99 g/t, 6.85 tons of gold, 5.9 g/t of silver, and 161,92 tons of silver.
In March 2023, Locke of the Black River was given access to prospecting rights on the outskirts of the rock gold deposits No. 5, which are located on the outskirts of the gold deposits of the Black River.
The right to explore will be granted in such a way as to increase the company’s reserves, guarantee the continuity of the gold mine’s resources and extend the duration of the mine’s service.
By the end of 2023, the Jilin Temple held a total of 25.09 tons of gold, 3.83 g/t of resources, 14.64 tons of gold and 4.03 g/t of reserves. In 2023, the Jilin Temple produced 1.8 tons of gold and the mine produced 1.8 tons of gold.
Production of 0.39 tons of silver and net profit of $399 million, with a net profit rate of 43.6 per cent, and progress in mineral exploration. In 2023, the Gilling Temple reconnaissance activities were concentrated mainly on the mining rights of gold and gold, with an increase of 34.3 million tons of ore and 1.1 tons of gold and metal, with an average grade of 3.21 g/t;
In addition, the controlled subsidiary, Gilling Kim Sheung Seok Min Mining Co. Ltd., engaged in exploration of the slabs of gold and polymetallic mines and found that the eastern slope zone had industrial deposits, with an initial estimated resource volume of 571,000 tons of ore, 1.732 tons of gold metal and an average grade of 3.03 g/ton.
In December 2023, the Jilin Temple adopted the High Technology Enterprise's decision that it would benefit from a high technology enterprise income tax policy for three consecutive years (2023-2025), i.e., to pay it at a 15% tax rate. This determination will help to reduce the corporate tax burden and generate revenue for the company's business performance.
Figure 20: Gilling Tablet gold ore gold (tons) Figure 21: Gilling Tablet gold resources (tons) 2.1.3. Qinghai Great Chaytan (90% interest)
At the end of 2023, the Qinghai gold mine held the largest amount of gold and ranked first among its subsidiaries. The Qinghai gold mine was located in the Qinghai region, Hesi County, with low silver alloys as its main product. By the end of 2023, Qinghai gold was held in Qinghai, which produced 3.05 tons of mineral gold and 0.92 tons of mineral silver, representing a net profit of 581 million yuan, with a net profit of 47.93 per cent.
It is clear that there is an increase in the production of increased deposits of mines. Qinghai Big Chaidan is located in a high-value, non-ferrous metal mine on the beach in Qinghai Province.
In 2023, the company conducted prospecting in the north and south of the Blue Dragon Trench mining sector and in the east and south of the Blue Dragon Trench gold mines adjacent to the existing mining rights.
By the end of 2023, the mining licence for the Blue Dragon Trench gold mine (extension of the mine area (ii, iii) had been completed and was ready for production.
By the end of 2023, mining rights had been reviewed by the Ministry of Natural Resources of Qinghai.
Pending further approval, figure 22: Qinghai gold and mineral gold (tons) and figure 23: Qinghai gold resources (tons)
The Yulong mine (76.67% interest) is rich in resources and is one of the largest single-body mines in the country today, containing mineral silver (gold). The Dragon mine is located in the town of Saijumu, in Inner Mongolia, where the main product is lead zinc concentrate (including silver).
At the end of the year, the mines held a total of 7856.9 tons of silver metal resources, 61.37 million tons of lead metal resources, 128.36 million tons of zinc metals, 1262 million tons of copper metals and 1.753 tons of gold metals. In 2023, the production of silver and silver from the Yulong mine amounted to 175.19 tons, 9494.45 tons of lead powder and 16402.17 tons of zinc concentrate, resulting in a net profit of 362 million yuan and a net profit of 33.28 per cent.
There are six silver lead and zinc mineral prospecting rights in the Yulong mine, covering 42.84 square kilometres, all around existing mining certificates. The area has a rich source of non-ferrous metals, with the advantage of large areas producing non-ferrous metals such as silver, copper, lead, zinc, gold, etc.
In 2023, the company ' s mining area updated the volume of resources on the right to prospecting in the 1118 highlands, with an average grade of silver 82.86 g/t, zinc 1.71 per cent, lead 0.68 per cent, copper 0.38 per cent, tin 0.10 per cent. Silver and zinc metals were found to be large, copper, tin, and lead metals to medium.
Figure 24: Mineral silver (tons) in the Yulong mine, Figure 25: silver and silver resources (tons) in the Yulong mine, 2.2. The company has clear production growth expectations
At the end of 2023, the company acquired 60% of its shareholding in 2021 in the three mountain areas of the city of Dhonang, Yunnan Province. By the end of 2023, the gold mine now had a mining area of 0.6338 square kilometres, with the main products being alloys and gold concentrates.
The company plans to upgrade its production capacity to 1.2 million tons/year. By the end of 2023, the Chinese gold mine had a total of 29.23 tons of gold, 1.65 g/t of resources, 19.4 tons of gold and 2.18 g/t of reserves.
According to the company’s records of investor relations activities, by the end of 2023, the company was actively coordinating the filing and resumption of 1.2 million tons of resource stock, and we expect the Chinese gold mine to contribute in 2026, and the project is expected to contribute an average of 2.6 tons per annum after delivery.
In February 2024, the company issued an announcement that it intended to purchase a total of approximately $368 million in cash at a price of $1.90 per share.
The twinhills gold mine is the main asset of osino, with an annual planned yield of 5 tons. By the end of 2023, the twinhills gold mine had 91.3 tons of gold, a resource taste of 1.09 g/t, a gold reserve of 64.5 tons and a resource taste.
The company's total gold resources will increase significantly from 146.66 tons to 237.96 tons after the formal acquisition of the twinhills gold mine, which, according to the company feasibility analysis report, is expected to contribute an average of 5 tons per year after delivery.The infrastructure close to the gold mine is well developed, which will facilitate the reduction of the production cycle.
The twinhills gold mining project has completed the purchase of land for construction, and it is planned to start construction work in July 2024 and start production in 2026. The area covered by the twinhills gold mining project is already covered by the national grid and the project site is about 20 kilometres from the near-construction of the erongo distribution station.
The electricity company signed an electricity supply agreement whereby the Namibian National Electricity Company would provide a maximum power capacity of 30 mw to the mine at the twin hills, which would directly meet the demand for electricity for the production and operation of the mine. Tons/tons. Average annual production of 162,000 ounces (approximately 5.04 tons) is expected over the lifetime of the mine, at full maintenance cost of 1,011 ounces.
United States dollars/ounces. Assuming a gold price of $1750/ounces, project return cycle of 2.2 years, net present value after tax is $480 million, with an internal rate of return of 28 per cent. 43-101 technical report published in July of the year, fully owned by the company 130 km north-west of the twinhills project
Ondundu gold mine prospecting rights, with an assumed resource of 0.9 million ounces of gold (approximately 27.99 tons) above the 0.5 g/t border grade, at a grade of 1.13 g/t. In addition, at 35 km north-east of the Ondundu gold mining project, a new receka prospective area was discovered, as at 47 m of the mine, with a gold grade of 5.92 g/t, as the next priority area for prospecting.
2.3. The strategic development objectives are clear, and the main enablers of mountain gold increase production The principals of Shandong gold group provide an infusion of expectations for the company to increase production and achieve its strategic objectives. The Shandong gold group is Shandong gold holding company. By the end of 2023, the group had a total of 846.44 tons of gold and metals in its mineral resources.
To ensure the stability of existing MFI production, the Shandong Gold Group plans to inject into MFI high-quality non-ferrous sheet assets that meet the requirements of the CVM for quality of assets.
Shandong gold is, by its very nature, a upstream/downstream relationship with Shandong. The main products of Shandong gold are standard ingots and investment bars of various specifications, and alloys need to be further refined before they become the target primer, which is essentially the upstream product of Shandong gold production; in terms of marketing patterns, Shandong gold is the main customer of Shandong gold.
The main customers of the company are the Shanghai Gold Exchange, while the company ' s main customers are downstream gold smelters, and the customers are in different industrial chains, with large differences between the main customers; with respect to mineral rights, the area covered by the company ' s mineral rights, based on the mining rights currently held and the right to prospecting, is all independent and there is no cross-covering.
The strategic objectives are clear, and the growth space is wide. In 2023, the company developed an overall development plan for the “XIV5” period, in which it planned to produce 12 tons of mineral gold at the end of the fourteen-fifth year and to produce 240 tons of gold resources and reserves; 500 tons of gold resources and reserves: 28 tons of mineral gold at the end of the fifteen-five, and 600 tons of gold resources and reserves.
2.4. The company ' s gold business is highly concentrated and fully benefits from the increase in gold prices. Based on comparable gold sales by companies in 2023 and single-ton sales prices, we have a potentially different price ladder for future gold prices, with an increase in international profits of 19 per cent, 32 per cent and 44 per cent, respectively, with greater elasticity in performance.
3. The rise in the long-term debt ratios of the United States is effectively pushing gold into a larger cycle, and we believe that the upward cycle of gold is not short-term, and that the underlying logic lies in the weakening credit of the dollar.
Foreign exchange reserve allocation, in the process, we believe that the ratio of gold to foreign reserves will rise in the long run. Moreover, we believe that right now, at the end of the Fed's interest-raising cycle, at the end of our ruling that America's high deficit rate will boost the inflation hub, we believe that, after the interest-reduction cycle begins, the downfall of America's nominal interest rates will drive real interest rates to follow fast.
All right, the upward cycle of gold will accelerate the rise. 3.1. In the context of de-dollarization, the monetary attributes of gold are increasing.
The dollar has been the most important national currency in the world for nearly 50 years. Whether it is the Bretton Woods system or the subsequent “oil dollar”, it appears that the dollar is tied to hard currency, but the kernel is largely based on the stability of the dollar and the international trade position of the United States.
The ratio of United States debt to gdp has continued to grow. By the end of 2023, the total debt of the United States Government amounted to $34 trillion, well above the total value of the United States gdp of $27.36 trillion in 2023, and the United States outstanding public debt to gdp was 124.27 per cent, close to World War II.
This continued growth in the US debt/gdp ratio will raise concerns among investors about the country’s fiscal sustainability and economic stability. Given the dollar-based value of gold itself, and the alternative relationship between gold and the dollar in the monetary system, central banks have chosen to increase the dollar reduction against a background of weakening dollar credit.
Figure 29: Total U.S. outstanding state debt as a percentage of gdp (%): Central banks are changing their asset allocation after 2007 with a high positive correlation between gold prices and gold reserves.
As the global monetary credit system becomes more volatile, central banks’ gold reserves go up, and gold prices rise at the same time. The financial crisis from 2007 to 2008 led to a shift in the global central bank’s view of gold reserves, which led to extreme volatility in global financial markets, making gold a “risk-free asset” highly attractive ratio between gold prices and gold reserves.
The share of emerging market gold reserves is expected to grow further, and the share of global gold reserves will continue to rise further from the medium- to long-term increase in gold prices. The size of global central bank purchases has increased significantly before the epidemic in the last two years, but the share of gold reserves has not increased significantly since the rapid expansion of post-influenza countries.
The ratio of gold reserves has risen to 17.1 per cent, and the ratio of gold reserves has been or will continue to rise in the context of the diversification of countries’ reserves, thus contributing to a steady upturn in gold prices.
The reasons for the Fed’s interest rate reduction are twofold: inflation falls without the need to maintain high interest rates, and labour market falls have had a negative impact on the American economic outlook. As of July 2024, inflation in the United States fell from a high of 8.5% in 2022 to 3.2%, but still falls far short of the Fed’s 2% benchmark central interest rate, yet the job market is fast-disbursing.
After a long period of high interest rate borrowing costs, the number of new jobs in the United States labour market began to slow down, and in July, the number of new non-agricultural jobs began to grow.
The unemployment rate in the United States has risen from a low of 3.4 per cent in April last year to 4.3 per cent in July this year, 0.63 per cent higher than the unemployment rate in the previous 12 months, and, according to the Samsam rules, when the average of three-month movements of the unemployment rate increased by 0.5 percentage points or more compared to the previous 12 months.
Interest-rate markets are trading expectations of the US recession for 28 months. Because of long-term higher rates of return and uncertainty, long-term bonds are usually shorter than long-term debt.
There is a higher rate of return on the coupons. Given that Europe and the United States manufacturing pmi has been in a restricted area below the pmi line for a long time, and that the yield on current US debt has been on a long-term downward trend.
Figure 35: Inverted interest rates on the length of US debt (%) Powell officially opened the Fed’s record in Congressional Hill testimony. On July 10, Fed Chairman Powell, in his testimony to the United States Congress House of Representatives, said that the US labour market was already experiencing a significant cooling down, due to the lack of inflation data.
After that, the Fed did not have to wait until inflation fell to 2 per cent before cutting interest rates, and given that the doves' pronouncements had completely reversed Powell's presentation of the United States economy and the labour market as a powerful force in several famcs this year, interest-market investors had fully calculated the Fed's interest-reduction cycle, which had officially opened up as of 23 July 2024, cme's Federal Reserve.
When the interest-reduction cycle begins, the downside of the real interest rate effectively boosts the price of gold. Since the nature of gold is equivalent to a non-interest-free asset, the market is more willing to hold the dollar when the expected return on the dollar, i.e. the real interest rate rises, and the price of gold is more pressurized; rather, when the real interest rate falls, i.e. when the dollar is less attractive.
Gold will be saved, and gold prices will tend to rise. Based on our judgment that America’s high deficit rate is pushing up the inflation hub, after the interest-rate reduction cycle has begun, we believe that the downside of US nominal interest rates will drive real interest rates to fast-track, and that the up-to-date cycle of gold will accelerate the rise.
4. Profit forecasts and investment proposals, based on the macroeconomic situation and the company ' s own business strategy, make a price core assumption for the company ' s future operations: 1) Self-produced gold and silver production: based on company strategic planning published by the company, and future Great Chaitan and Hua Sheung King
Potential increases in mineral production, which we expect to produce 8/12/15 tons of artisanal gold in 2024-2026, respectively; 197/201/205 tons of mineral silver production. 2) Gold and silver prices: we believe that in the context of the weakening credit of the United States dollar, the monetary attributes of gold have increased.
In addition, during the Federal Reserve’s interest-reduction cycle, real interest rates are expected to increase the price of precious metals significantly. We predict the cost of gold mining at the annual average price of shfe gold in 2024-2026: the cost of self-production based on company history of gold, and the decline in mineral prices and deep mining.
In an objective situation, such as deepening, we expect that the company ' s own gold costs will remain annual for 2024-2026, and that, according to the company ' s own business strategy, the company ' s main business will be to select precious metals, and that we will choose purple mining, Chinese gold, red peak gold, and Shandong gold as comparable companies.
Based on the corporate strategy and future industry trends, we expect that the downside of nominal interest rates in the United States will lead to faster real interest rates at the end of the Fed ' s interest-added cycle, from a vertical perspective, and based on our judgment that the inflation-inflated center of the United States ' high deficit rate will be triggered by the start of the interest-reduction cycle.
Along the line, the gold up-to-date cycle will accelerate the rise, and the overall gold-stock valuation hub is expected to rise. From a horizontal perspective, given the clear future growth path of the company’s production, the cost of gold is low in the industry, the net profit on sales is ahead of the same industry, and the firm’s performance is determined in the gold-high-level rise cycle, and high growth makes it possible for the company to evaluate.
1) The risk of more than anticipated national mine safety checks The company's main business is mainly concentrated in gold selection operations, and the risk of a passive reduction of production due to the closure of part of the public sector, if the national mine safety checks are more than anticipated, has a significant impact on the company's performance.
2) The company's strategic production planning objectives depend in part on the acquisition of high-quality gold assets, both within and outside the country, at a lower rate than expected to have a significant impact on the company's performance.
3) The higher than expected risk of gold prices arising from the strengthening of the United States dollar as a result of global macroeconomic fluctuations. Corporate ownership is mainly concentrated in gold-selection operations and will have a significant impact on corporate performance if it leads to upswings in United States dollars and upswings in United States debt interest rates as a result of global macroeconomic fluctuations.
4) The global central bank’s suspension of gold purchases or the collective sale of gold has led to a risk of weaker gold prices. The company’s main business is concentrated mainly on gold selection, and if the global central bank’s cessation of gold purchases or collective selling of gold leads to weaker gold prices, it will have a significant impact on the company’s performance.
The three major financial forecasting tables of Shankin International, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.