The gold business has grown, and the journey abroad has been carried out on the back of the mountain, with a focus on gold and an expansion of the overseas sector for the first time.
Mountain Gold International's main camp for precious and non-ferrous metal mining and metal trading, with four offshore gold mining companies (Lock Black River, Gilling Temple, Qinghai Big Chaidan, Hua Seong, Man City), a lead, silver, silver and metal mining company (the Yulong mine in Mongolia) and an offshore gold development.
For almost 12 months, the highest/minimum amount of mountain gold has contributed to the main profits.
In September, the Fed will open interest-reduction routes, according to the company's predictions, which are expected to continue until mid-2025, with gold rising as an interest-free asset in the process of interest rate decline, and gold prices expected to continue to rise. The effects of conflicts such as those in the Russian Federation, Palestine, and elsewhere in recent years have led to a global warming of risk avoidance, and the United States.
In Europe, the Middle East and other regions, the country’s control has been weakened, gold has risen as a risk-free asset allocation value, the dollar’s share in foreign exchange reserves has declined, the global central bank has increased its gold reserves, and the gold price has had the potential to rise in the long run.
By the end of 2023, the company had retained resources: 146.66 tons of gold metal, 8018.82 tons of silver metal, 1262 million tons of copper metal, etc., and full-time purchases of osino new yellow in 2024.
In the company's existing mines, the two mining rights of the Qinghai Chaidan are surrounded by a number of genetic anomalies, high storage potential, high gold levels in the Rockstone gold mine of the Black River, potential for finding a mine, advanced management of the Gilling Tablet temple, maintenance of the balance of exploration, and a dragon.
Mining is rich in non-ferrous metals and promising prospects for exploration.
The value of the company's mineral gold was higher, the Fed was expected to continue to increase with the opening of an interest-relief route, the company was more resilient, and we expected the company to return to its net profit in 2024-2026.
Large fluctuations in metal prices; under-construction of projects; safe production of mines and environmental risks1
Focusing on gold mining, resource reserves have continued to grow. Mountain International’s predecessor was registered and listed in 2000, Silver and Thai investment became the first shareholder in 2007, and in 2013 the purchase of the Chinese Yulong mine in Mongolia established the selection and sale of gold-based ores as the main business. In 2016, the company acquired the Canadian Elado gold company in the country.
The company continued to buy gold mines and expand its trading operations, focusing on precious metals and non-ferrous metals, and expanding its reserves of gold resources. In 2023, Shandong gold became the first shareholder, after which Silver-Thai gold became known as the Golden Kingdom.
The company’s first shareholder is the listed company, Shandong Gold.
On the basis of the retention of the original team, the company’s board of directors and senior management team joined the members of the Mountain Gold Department to raise the level of corporate governance on the basis of ensuring the smooth and healthy functioning of production, taking into account the country’s holdings of shareholders.
Figure 2 Corporate equity structure Formerly Project Manager, Audit Department, Shandong Tarzan Accountant Office, New Alliance of sorority Accountant Companies, Audit Manager, Specialized Auditor, Shandong Gold Group, Deputy Director, Comprehensive Deepening Reform Office, Shandong Gold
1.2. Optimization of profitability, quality of assets, contribution of mineral gold, 24h1 performance as gold prices increase.
Selection and trade in metals, under the banner of four domestic gold-mining enterprises (Lock Black River, Gilling Temple, Qinghai Tsai, Man City Chinese Gold Mine), a lead, silver and silver, polymetal mine (the Yulong mine of Inner Mongolia) and an offshore gold and exploitation exploration company (osinoresourcescorp.). Gold prices have been driving since 2024.
Increased performance, with 24h1 achieving operating income/repatriation net profit of $6.505.1075 billion, compared to the Māori share of the company's sub-products in Chart 7  trade in mineral gold and silver and zinc concentrates and lead concentrates, respectively
The company's assets are of good quality and its net profits lead the industry. We've chosen to compare the gold mining industry, the gold industry, the gold industry, the gold industry, and the gold industry.
The increase in the share of revenue was due to the fact that the company’s Māori rate in mining operations continued to rise. Companies pushed for a drop in the decline.
And 15.48 per cent, lower than comparable companies in the industry, with sufficient financial resources and stable business capacity, we believe that companies have a stronger capacity to finance, backed up by mountain state companies, with diversified sources of financing, followed by interest-reduction corridors for the Fed, with a high degree of certainty about precious metal plates.
The dollar index and the rate of return on US debt have continued to decline since the second half of 2024, the recession in the United States is expected to continue, high interest rates have curbed real economic demand, and the Fed's winding down is about to begin. According to Chico, the Fed's probability is 75% reduction at the September 18 summit.
The price of gold is expected to rise continuously as it is held as an interest-free asset. The ten-year rate of return on US debt (%) has fluctuated since 142023, leading to long-term gold space driven by dollarization and risk avoidance.
The global situation has been affected by the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, the warming of global evasive sentiments, the weakening of US control, and the increased value of gold as a risk-free product allocation. The dollar’s share of global open foreign-exchange reserves has continued to decline in recent years, while global demand for gold has continued to rise, triggering higher gold prices.
Figure 15 Global foreign exchange reserves and share of open reserves Figure 16 gold prices and net global central bank buy-in demand Figure 3 Mine endowments of good quality within and outside the country and incremental projects are continuing
There are plenty of mines in the country. Among the mines under the company’s flag, Black Rock is the country’s most highly selected gold mine, Gilling Temple is the country’s more advanced production management, and there is a huge potential for increased prospecting in the Great Chaidan in the Qinghai Sea, which is one of the largest single-hull mines in the country today. As of late 2023,
The company retains resources: 146.66 tons of gold metal, 8018.82 tons of silver metal, 1262 million tons of copper metal, 61.37 million tons of lead metal, and 128.36 million tons of zinc metal; and there is a steady increase in the storage of mine-owned mines and in the production or contribution of Man City gold.
In addition to the increase in reserves at the mining site, the company is now moving forward on the return of the Chinese gold mine in Man City, where, according to the company’s production plan, the production of alloys is expected to be 2024-2026, respectively.
8/12/15 tons, with 24h1 gold production exceeding 50 per cent of the target for the year.
According to the announcement of 29 August 2024, the company acquired 100 per cent of the shares of Osino through its wholly-owned offshore subsidiaries, and the osino gold mining project in Namibia was included in the company ' s consolidated statement, adding about 127.2 tons of gold.
The project is expected to produce 50,000 tons of additional gold per year after delivery.4 Profiling projections and valuations are explored Basic assumptions: based on increased production in mine production, the resumption of gold production in Man City and the combination of offshore gold mining, reference to the public
In terms of profits, taking into account that already existing mines have fallen in grade with the number of years of exploitation, it is assumed that the Māori rate is 25.11 ttm, which is below the historical average of three years, and is close to the average of comparable companies. The company ' s mineral gold profit contribution is high, the Fed is expected to continue to increase with the opening of an interest-relief route, and the company ' s profits are more flexible, and we expect it to be more profitable.
Influencing corporate sales revenues, if the international situation and the supply-demand relationship lead to significant fluctuations in metal prices, will result in less than expected growth in the company ' s business: the company is now moving forward with increased storage in the mining industry, the reopening of the Chinese gold mine in Man City, the overseas Nambia twinhills gold project, etc., and, if the project is not built up as expected, will result in a negative impact on the company ' s income and performance.
Safe production of mines and environmental risks: companies are engaged in mining selection operations, there are certain safety incidents in the production process and use of legally compliant information. The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information or that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.