The seafood industry (603288) has grown steadily, with a quarterly performance that meets expectations Food beverages - Tastes Events: The company issued a 2017-Quarterly report, which was collected during the reporting period
Key financial indicators (in millions of yuan) met expectations in a quarter with significant price increases: corporate growth recovered at more than 15 per cent during the reporting period, mainly due to two factors: 1) rising consumption
In the larger context, the company actively optimizes the product structure, upgrades core products such as soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce, and also develops high-end products such as wine, vinegar, comb sauce, and healthy sauce.
The site's capacity rehabilitation project and the gradual release of the Jiangsu plant during the first phase can be demonstrated in one quarter; (2) In January 17, the company raised the prices of major products such as soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce, etc., and retail prices.
The company’s combined Māori rate is not very high due to a simultaneous increase in operating costs of 16.96 per cent. Corporate fundamentals (latest) have better control over the rate during the period: the rate fell by 0.35 per cent over the same period.
Point. With the exception of the sales rate, which rose by 0.46 percentage points as a result of market promotion, the management and financial cost rates were better controlled, with a corresponding decrease in managerial excellence, and the financial cost rate decreased mainly as a result of increased corporate deposits.
Interest increases accordingly. In addition, the company receives a government subsidy of $6.603 million.
Man-Rong: University of Hel, UK, Master of Business Administration, major research and tracking area: Big Consumption, Chinese Securities Production, for the sole use of customers of Chinese Securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. There is no guarantee of accuracy or completeness. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute it.
The basis for the offer or request for quotations for the sale of securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs.