Positive, robust ahead, investment rating: up (first) industry with a slight 16-year pressure and a positive 17-year trend.
The macro-environmental impacts, such as the slowdown in consumption, have a low profile for the industry as a whole, and the dietary channels may be stressful, starting on the 16th of April 2017, with prices raised at the beginning of the day.
The Mahoubo industry is experiencing price increases; the third is a renewed growth in high-end restaurants. Looking back, the industry has a rigid demand for quality as the average price rises, the structure upgrades, the dietary booms stabilizes, consumption returns, the concentration of the industry rises.
Businesses will lead to industrial improvements, with a better outlook for spices. Soy sauce is growing, and alfon sauce is being adjusted positively.
Asterium and soy sauce are growing faster, as a result of the acceleration of the 2h15 output and the company’s initiative to restructure some of the market’s products and change the single product structure, which is dominated by soybeans. In the future,
Cost-driven price increases, with net interest rates still rising. The rise in raw material prices pushed companies to maintain their current rates for 16 years, with both management and financial cost falling in scope and net aggregates.
The effect of the new thinking is that product diversification is the point of the future. Sixteen years of new thinking by companies, with 2h16 soy sauce rising to 19% through product combing, channel sinking, brand promotion, etc. At the beginning of 17, the company took a price hike to offset the upward pressure on costs, and it is estimated that the three main product categories should be maintained.
Development, vinegar, alcohol, etc. are all expected to become the main source of future income growth. Many times, considering the long-term dominance of the Sea-Thai brand and channel, the high probability of multi-grade expansion, and the approval of the Chinese Securities and Supervisory Board by Dong Wu Securities Corporation Ltd., already have a portfolio investment advisory committee.