Shanxi wine and food beverages, Qing Xiang Lilong's tenacity, waiting for the recovery of the industry's demand.
Events: The company released three-quarterly reports in 2025, which generated revenue of $32.92 billion in the first three quarters, equal to +5.0 per cent, and a double-wheel drive of cerebral flowers and bozos, fully demonstrating its resilience to growth. 1. Since the second quarter of this year, external drinking policies have become more stringent, and demand for political business and banquets has been stressed: the company relies on strong branding and channel thrust.
The central monolithic sales, such as green flowers and bobbles, show good performance, positive growth in income for the last three quarters, and strong resilience. 2-, sub-product, 25-q3 liquor, with a 4.1% increase in the same year, with a relatively smooth performance, a higher base in the waist last year and a pressure from the table, to digest the channel pool.
In the subregion, income of 2.27 billion yuan was achieved in the provinces of single q3, compared to 35.2 per cent, and the consumption of domestic affairs in the provinces was hit more strongly, with demand under pressure: 6.67 billion yuan, compared to 31.1 per cent, in the provinces, and the main brands of wine were continuously released, with emerging long triangles, bead triangles and other end-cover coverage rising.
Profitability remains high and cash flows as a whole are stable. 1, 25 single-q3 Māori increased by 0.3 percentage points on the same basis. Management cost decreased by 0.6 to 3.9 percentage points on the same year. Financial cost increased by 0.1 to -0.1 percentage points on the same year, and overall cost decreased by 0.9 to 14.5 percentage points.
Qing Qiang Qiang Qiang Qiang has moved far away, waiting for the recovery of demand in the industry. 1. The current white and wine industry continues to experience pressure and the pattern of competition has accelerated. Against this background, the firm relies on strong brand power, a well-developed product matrix, a nationwide market layout, effective downward pressure on the rush industry, and market occupancy rates have risen steadily.
The year 2025 marked the beginning of the second phase of the rejuvenation programme, and against a backdrop of weak industrial demand, the firm set itself to be “sound” and, by deepening the country’s market layout, the “happiness” system mobilizes end-of-pipe incentives, full profit predictions and investment proposals. The white wine industry has entered a period of deep adjustment since 25q2 and we anticipate the company’s profits.
Don't be 19 times, 18 times, 17 times. The brands are deep and the matrix has a lot of flowering, and they are expected to grow from the mountain of wine (600809); performance meets expectations, increases 1) the white wine industry is currently on the stock market and there is a strong competition between the liquor industry; high-end liquor sales are expected to take place in the middle of 2025-2027.
Since 25q2, there has been a tightening of the policy of external drinking, which has affected the confidence of the channel, and demand-side pressures. In the short term, the public sector has a large array of products, and nationalization is progressing well. It is hoped that it will pass through the cycle. In the medium and long term, consumption will increase over a long period of time.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.