Three quarters of 2025: Refunds are stable, troupes are strong, returns are steady, and strong one-stop sales are on the rise. The 25q3 channel returns show little progress over previous years, sales are steady, and 1 is a product flow and price system.
The advantage of stability is further highlighted by the fact that access to goods is less stable; 2 is the growing willingness of large firms to work together during the year, the corresponding poor distribution channels and the continued concentration of good business resources; 3 is the regional marketing operation, which is active and continues to be optimized. 1) Sub-products: 25q3
Income increased by 4.1 per cent for the same category, alcohol and other types of alcohol by +5.0 per cent and 28.6 per cent, respectively, and was estimated to be the fastest growing q3 single season, with the second best-selling flower (Sun 20 as a best-selling item and better-than-expected sales), Panama followed the same downward trend in stock transfer in the province and the old white one as well.
(ii) Subregional: based on the construction of a more complete national market ladder, there is an increase in business and demand in the provinces and out of the country, and greater effort is being made in the provinces to manage the banks.
The ratio was the same -2.5 per cent, with the principal net bill receivable being slightly less than the same; the balance of the advance received at the end of the q3 season was the same and interest rate was the same -1.4 pct, the principal tax and attachments were delayed. The 1q3 Māori rate was largely rated for the same ratio: orderly regulation, steady fixation.
The product mix continues to work, hoping for a gradual nationalization. In 2025, the Department’s powerful products, the Breaths, and the 20th, played an income-bearing role, with the q2 looking for the long term, with proper regulation of the digestion leading to the development of good channels.
"Sanxi Liquor" (60809): 2024 newspaper and grade upgrades, companies have increased the bias in marketing resources, and special staff have formed the old white saloons.
It is expected that, with steady end-building and extension, the old whites will be able to seize the opportunity to repair the following medium-to-high-end price requirements and gradually release them in the western part of the Rim Mountain region.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we adjust the long space period, with a high visibility of the trend of nationalization of the Biennium and the Queen 20, by reference to the three quarters of the first quarter of 2025; we also expect products from the waist to be sank and gradually realize the increase in the restoration of the scene and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 2: 25q3 Sanctuary to Mother ' s Net Return and Growth Contribution Discrete: 1:25q1-3 Sanctuary to Mother ' s Net Return and Growth Contribution
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.