I'm not afraid of the swings in the industry, I'm doing the rejuvenation program: December 2nd, 2025 Global Congress of Wine Dealers.
The Tatehara conference, which was attended by the company's board of directors and management, focused on work in 2025 as a wrap-up and development plan in 2026.
During the crucial year of the second phase of the Wine Renewal Programme, progress was made in six major areas: (a) continuous progress in the institutionalization of the Euphoria and the strengthening of the digital management of channels and marketing; (b) a more sophisticated product structure, a coordinated development of four product lines and a steady increase in the sales of medium- and high-end products; and (c) “Supreme wine +”
Innovative landscape marketing models go out; 4) renewal of creative products; 5) optimization of talent management mechanisms Liu Xinjiang Upgrade; 6) combination of market order and price management, penalizing offenders.
In 2026, four sustained advances were made to capture industry trends. 1) Promotion of nationalization by 2.0 needles, with different approaches to different products, such as the 12 major focus markets for product strategies of 20 or more, the 5 major opportunity markets, the 10 low potential markets, the 20 focus core channels for sunflowers, etc.)
Youthization 1.0, with a focus on “simplified, fashionable, lightly quantified” including the launch of the 28-degree “Yen for Youth” product, the development of fruit, flowers and medicinal innovations; 3) the promotion of internationalization 1.0, the achievement of full-scale breakthroughs such as branding, standards, etc.; 4) the promotion of consumer precision services, including traditional consumers, years
The white wine industry, which currently faces the twin challenges of cyclical volatility and demographic restructuring, still has considerable potential for growth in the long term.
Power, thanks mainly to the increase in the gdp per capita and the expansion of the middle-income population. We look at the ability of companies to move through the cycle: 1) the product dimension, on the one hand, and on the other hand, the existing product matrix of companies that are well-developed to withstand the fluctuations in the economic cycle (with strong competitive products in different price bands) and, on the other hand, to combat the erosion.
(b) Channel dimensions, with companies continuously focusing on channel stock health and digital management, current stocks and batches
Prices are relatively healthy within the industry, which is conducive to absorbing the dividends of a recovery in future demand. The equivalent is 19/18/17x, considering that companies have well branded products in different price bands, and that stocks and batches are now relatively healthy within the industry and are expected to move through the industry’s cycle.
1. [Galaxy] Investment strategy for 2026: New consumption internal rotation, traditional consumer bottom improvement I have committed myself to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Xinxin, who joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covering food and beverage plates, and was good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical retraces compared to overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.