On October 30, 2025, Shanxi wine published its three-quarterly edition of 2025.
Conns@cfsc.com. cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn nuanced control of cost investment and overall performance robust
The Māori ratio for the company 2025q3 increased by the same amount by 0.3 pct to 74.63 per cent, and the sales/management cost rate by 32.66 per cent, mainly as a result of turnover taxes and additional increases; sales returns and deductions. During the adjustment cycle, companies performed significantly more resiliently than their counterparts.
▪ Four-wheel drive product matrix, high sales by power buyers, by product, +5%/- 30/26 cover high end, 20 Saffron growth engine, 100 centimeters for old whites, +225q3 and other products, respectively
Direct sales channel revenue from Division agents/group buyers - 0.4 per cent/+125 per cent to 82.57/687 million yuan, respectively, increased at a lower base of direct sales by group buyers.
1 Shanxi Liquor (60809): a steady increase of 34/331 to 797/3562 at the end of 2025h1, with a net increase of 19/15 to 572/225 in the province and 572/225 in the outside world.
A net increase of 259/72 to 2872/690 households, respectively. Overall performance in the outlying regions, 3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): The revitalization programme is dominated by the deepening of the company ' s 2.0 strategy for nationalization and the steady advancement of blank cities in the south
In the second phase, we're looking at the full range of factors, and the field distribution network has been set up, and it's been very effective.
The corporate product matrix is rich, contains multi-price belts, internal control mechanisms are gradually improving, and the influence of the cards continues to grow, demonstrating strong business resilience. As the nationalization strategy accelerates, the competitive advantage of the company’s differentiation is highlighted.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, increased risks from competition in the industry, food safety risks, less widespread production and less widespread access than expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.