Long-term, industry chain price falls affect q3 performance tcl tcl. Long-term focus tcl Continued decline in industry chain prices affects revenue volume and three-quarterly reporting performance meets expectations.
In the new energy light-voltage industry, the main business is built around silicon materials, producing and manufacturing, and the main products are silicon tablets, light, and, as the price of the industrial chain drops sharply, the end-loader returns economically, the industry needs better, the company silicon chips rises.
Voltage cells, high-efficiency photovoltaic components, photovoltaic stations, etc. Sales have also increased. But, with the same 68% increase in the size of sales, the harvest has fallen by 2.39%, and is widely applied to photovoltaic cells, photovoltaic components and photovoltaic power.
This is mainly due to the continuing low prices of corporate silicon products. At the same time, the net return of companies has increased faster than the growth rate, mainly due to strong corporate product and cost advantages, sustained release through advanced production capacity, an increase in the share of the supply of strategic g12 and n products, further optimization of the company’s product structure and competition in the industry.
In the context of increased competition, the company ' s Māori ratio has risen by 5.2 bp over the same period last year. As of 630, the company ' s crystals had 165gw capacity, silicon markets were the world ' s largest, and it is expected that by the end of 2023 the company ' s crystals capacity will reach 180gw, and silicon silicon chain size will be consolidated.
In terms of products, through technology and resource sharing, companies and Maceon have been able to promote and synergize production and channels globally. In June this year, the Department released the ibc battery-based component maxeon7, with a 24.7% photovoltaic efficiency.
In October this year, the company signed a joint development agreement with Visionindustries company to promote the construction of a crystal chip project in Saudi Arabia, with the aim of creating a photovoltaic industrial chain in Saudi Arabia, laying the foundation for industrial globalization and localization.
Keeping in view the long-term development of the company's main business, moving through the industry cycle. 1) The company also focuses on the production of large-scale semiconductor silicon and photovoltaic silicon tablets, which have synergistic advantages and continue to build differentiated competitiveness in the product sector with continuous process optimization and technological downgradation. 2) There is increased competition in the industry.
In the light-voltage battery module business, the company will build on the collage route to enhance differentiated competitiveness, and in the semiconductor industry, the company will respond to national substitution and accelerate downstream client expansion.
tcl Central (002129): Silicon silica is growing steadily, and the price of the industrial chain is affecting q3 performance.
The research assistant's profile is Ho He Qing and Wu Xingyang.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports tcl (002129): Silicon silica output continues to grow, and the down prices of the industrial chain affect the performance of q3 and do not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.