In the case of Maceonsolaartechnologies, Ltd., the company's share in the market, vs. Aikoenergygermanygmbh, Solarlabaikoeuropegmbh and its distributors at the Land Court of Manheim, Germany.
With reduced competitiveness and reduced profitability of the industry as a whole, it is expected that the mitigation efficiency resulting from subsequent technological innovations will be the key to competitive advantage. Corporate technological innovation leads the industry, with 1,559 intellectual property rights effectively authorized by companies up to the end of 2023h1.
On the one hand, the company is leading the production efficiency and output of the chip; on the other hand, the company was the first country to produce perc-based production, making progress in the process of bauxite, oxidation and copper. The xbc route is more economical, and the company is expected to have an advance advantage by placing the metal electrode in the battery.
With the technology of laser graphicization, metalification, etc., xbc has a great future as a platform technology and is expected to be combined with topcon, hjt, etc. The company pre-positioned Xbc technology, which began to participate in the global ibc tap maxeon in 2019, and is now the number one major share.
With over 1,600 patents and more than 360 in the process in more than 30 countries, the introduction of 210 is expected to further reduce efficiency gains. Its 3.5gw battery and component projects in the United States are planned, with the exception of plant technology adaptation and expansion in Malaysia and Mexico.
Accompaniment, by developing in synergy with its technology, production, and channels, is expected to further enhance technological advantages and internationalization.
(4) The risk of price volatility up and down.
The specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report have no direct or indirect bearing on the findings of the study, which are presented in an independent and objective manner.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.