N ratio rises and production and sales continue to grow; Saudi production capacity is being deployed to accelerate industrial globalization
The net return to the mother is 1.652 billion yuan, or 20.72% of the year. The company’s performance is largely in line with expectations, with the photovoltaic industry chain entering the price down the cycle, and the company benefits from a sustained increase in demand for type N products, a sustained rise in advanced production capacity, leading manufacturing capacity, safeguarding profitability, and helping the company to move through the cycle.
n+ Large-scale advanced production capacity is significant, and production and sales continue to rise.
Down the row, the value of large-size n components is shown, which helps lower lcoe downstream, improves photovoltaic efficiency, reduces the cost of electricity and optimizes the cost of product bos. The market is expected to have more than 25% of the annual market share of large-sized silicon tablets of 182 mm and above.
In the first three quarters of 2023, corporate sales rose by 68% on a year-on-year basis, and demand for large-scale N-silicon tablets continued to rise, with companies leading the global market for N-type products. As the project continues to move into production and technological upgrading, it is expected that at the end of 2023, crystals will produce 180gw, keeping the world at the top of single crystals.
The company’s advanced production capacity is high, and its technological capabilities highlight the supply of more than 1,000 full-scale silicone products, of which more than 300, or about 52%, are added. Companies continue to upgrade their innovative capacity to add flexible manufacturing + industry by 4.0% lower manufacturing costs, increase core competitiveness and guarantee profitability.
The Saudi Silicon Project, the break-down of trade barriers, the acceleration of globalization, the Middle East's New Energy Economic Transformation Plan, which promotes new energy development needs, the Saudi Vision 2030, the goal of which is that by 2030, the new energy generation capacity will reach 58.7gw, or 50 per cent of the total capacity of the installed power generation; the Emirates plans to reach 2050.
Each year, renewable energy accounted for 44% of the energy structure. The company deployed Saudi silicon production capacity, formed a joint venture with the Visionindustries company and invested in the project to build a photovoltaic chip factory in Saudi Arabia, working to build Saudi’s first photovoltaic industry chain with the advantage of global leading technology.
The company and vi company are building a crystal chip project in Saudi Arabia with a capacity of 20gw in phase I, which is scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of this year to effectively fill the gap in the region’s photovoltaic industrial chain and to lay a solid foundation for corporate industrial globalization and home-grown development. The company maintains long-term and stable cooperation with its clients in Europe, South Korea, South-East Asia, etc.
The tcl medium cycle, with advanced production capabilities, leads; the new globalized industry layout, which brings more innovation drivers and risk resistance to companies. At the usual pace of project investment, the next two production cycles are usually no less than one, which allows for predictions of the company’s future overseas production potential.
tcl Central ring-precision pedal-pointed silicon silicon silicon, power topcon relay 2025, holding semiconductor industry - n battery-focused technological innovation
The company has built a 2gwg12 battery engineering demonstration line in Jiangsu and invested in the 25gwn topcon battery industry 4.0 smart plant project in Guangzhou, combining the company ' s technological advantages and accumulation in the silicon sector with continuous power promotion.
The company's technology, based on the ibc framework, continues to promote technological innovation in differentiation, autonomous development and mastery of copper-based processes, and effectively reduces the non-silicon cost of batteries. The company shares and co-innovates technology with the maxeon technology, has technological resources with ibc batteries and tiles, and promotes closure.
The second repurchase reflects the firm’s confidence, and the total amount of the repurchase is no less than RMB 500 million (including this amount) and no more than RMB 1 billion (including this amount).
Repurchase shares will be used to implement employee holding schemes or equity incentives. A second buy-back will take place in the course of the year to demonstrate the company’s confidence in undeveloped development and its recognition of the company’s future.
The process of layout of the spherical industry has accelerated; the active layout of the n-type battery production has helped companies to form industrial chains that exploit the technological advantages of silicon advanced production and components; the expected net return profits of companies in 2023-2025 are estimated at $7,647 million/9565 million; the increase in the number of physicalized enterprises has led to loss of company customers; the price of raw materials has fluctuated significantly; new technologies have replaced crystalline silicon products;
Unsatisfactory performance of production capacity; trade protectionism hinders overall exports of the industry, leading enterprises re-establishing capacity overseas; Figure 2 Net profit from the company for the calendar year (millions); Figure 3 Business Income for the Single Quarterly (millions)
Figure 4 Company single-quarter net profit return (millions)
Figure 7 Prices for corporate silicon tablets (m/m) Figure 8 Breakdown of R & D costs for the calendar year (millions) −210n 150 m
▪ Material consumption — manual costs — depreciation and amortization — other 182n 150m — 182n 130m
▪ Type 182n 110 μm. Figure 9 Global load forecast (gw) Figure 10 Corporate volume and market share (gw)
Figure 11 Silicon accelerates to a large size.
Figure 14n Battery City share continues to increase, Figure 15 Silicon Prices by Type (millions per tonne) Figure 16 Silicon Price Averages by Size (My/Pyre)
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and cycles, and has developed a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle” in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry flourishes, and the people have faith, and if not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not intended for any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations for sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization by China Air Securities.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.