Kang Eining's sales grew significantly in December, and sales were at an all-time high throughout the year, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
For the second time in a year, the company achieved a record high of $530 billion in 2017. The company has now continued to raise the amount of uncarried items sold, with a stronger target for future performance growth of 13 times and 11 times, pb2.2 times; h shares are 11 times and 9.5 times, pb 1.9 times.
The company’s average house sales price has increased significantly, and the average price has fallen, with sufficient resources available: in volume terms, the company12.
Monthly single-month sales have been growing at a very high rate, achieving sales of $530 billion throughout the year, amounting to more than $600 billion, mostly in high-profit projects, with a higher degree of certainty about the company's future performance, and it is expected that the company's performance will remain above double-digit for the next three years.
The share of institutional investors in circulation a has increased rapidly. In terms of prices, the average price of company sales declined in December, mainly as a result of changes in the push-over area, and the share of open space in hot-spot urban high-priced areas declined, while some hot-spot cities were hit.
The floors are subject to government-imposed price-equivalency measures, which reduce prices. We can judge from the country’s firm attitude to containing price increases in hot-spot cities that it is difficult to keep prices in hot-spot cities up sharply and will continue with high shocks.
Project acquisition and land reserve upgrading: 26 new land development projects were added to the company in December, and the project area is still mainly concentrated in the second-line core city, with a total building area of 5.25 million square metres, with 2.77 million square metres of beneficial construction, and the land reserve continues to rise; $17.8 billion was paid in equity land
The company is currently maintaining a dynamic and effective land-based pace to ensure a high level of Maori for future project development. Profit forecasting and investment advice: it is influenced by real estate regulation and credit policies, and is stubble.
It will be difficult to maintain a faster rate of growth, but the concentration of the whole industry will rise further, with companies as industry leaders, project reserves and brand effects showing significant advantages, and future city occupancy is expected to rise further, and we look forward to the company's future growth in the long term, with net profits projected for 2017 and 2018.
H shares equals 11 times and 9.5 times, pb 1.9 times. The company, as a leader in the industry, sells at a steady pace and is more focused on growth in performance over the next few years.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.