In 2017, the company achieved business income of $242.9 billion, a 1 per cent increase: net return to the mother ' s profit Vankoa (00002.sz)
Real estate development sales continued to grow at a rapid rate. In 2017, the company achieved 3592.29 million square metres of sales, sales amounted to 5.298.8 billion yuan, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year, which was slightly lower than the planned completion of construction at the beginning of the year. By the end of 2017, 2,96.25 million square metres of sold resources had not been settled within the consolidated corporate statement, amounting to approximately $41,432 million, an increase of 30 per cent and 49 per cent, respectively, compared with the end of 2016.
Businesses have been moving forward steadily. In 2017, companies continued to move forward in commercial property, logistics property, long-term rental apartments and skiing operations.
In terms of commercial real estate, the company uses the Indian Group as a platform for business development and operation. By the end of 2017, the company had 172 business management projects, exceeding the total.
The total size of the area in 2014.10 has reached the second highest level in the industry.
A steady upturn in performance, exploring the development logic of diversification. 2014.3. Logistics property: 44 new projects with a total planned construction area of approximately 3.34 million square metres have been added to the company from 2017 to date. Corporate logistics property operations have accumulated.
Sixty-two projects were acquired, with a total of 4.82 million square metres of building space, of which 26 have been completed and an average rental rate of 96 per cent has been achieved for stabilization projects.
Sales grew steadily and finances remained sound 2012.8 Sales continued to grow at a rapid rate, with sales reaching a high level in June, with a cumulative opening of more than 30,000.
In the field of old-age business, the company now has 15 municipalities; at the end of the reporting period, there were about 50 bed-bearing projects, some 120 daytime/home-based service centres without beds, and projects such as the "Access Garden Tree" in Hangzhou were highly valued by all sectors of society. In the area of snow and snow vacations, during the snow season of November 2017 to February 2018, the cumulative flow of visitors to two skiing projects, Gilling Vankon and Kikyeong-chung, in Beijing, reached more than half a million people.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. Snoong; the Vancosone Lake Resort was awarded the title "China's Best Skiing Resort 2017" by the Fifth World Ski Award.
In Beijing, in the West Side of the city, the House of the 9th Street, the company explores a full-time teaching system covering k12 through a variety of models, such as innovative public offices, ppp models, private schools for internationalization, while actively expanding the quality education base, including urban camps, community camps, outdoor camps.
The net asset yields of the company have continued to pick up. From 2015 to 2017, the net asset returns on the company ' s full share were 18.09 per cent, the total construction area was about 63,219,000 square metres, and the construction area based on the interests of Huan was about 40,779,000 square metres. Choi Xing: Graduated from the University of Tianjin ' s International Finance and Economics and from the University of Manitoba ' s actuarial studies, Canada, where he worked in the financial and real estate sector, respectively, in the National Securities and Sindh Securities Bulletin, the China Real Estate Bulletin, and the Securities Market Weekly.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.