The market share of IT technology hardware and equipment is over 30%, and mass delivery of 5g will boost corporate performance.
Events: The company recently released its 2020q1 quarterly report, which achieved operating income of $21,484 million, and the impact of the epidemic continues to grow at a robust pace and at a rapid rate of net profit.
The performance of the company is expected to improve continuously after the resumption of work.20 During the first quarter of 2001, 16.93 per cent of the fee rate was reduced by 0.21 percentage points, and sales rates and management rates were reduced, reflecting improvements in the efficiency of the company ' s operations.
The operator's 5g bid landed, with a rise in the share of the operator. The country's 5g build-up capital/flow (million shares) peaked, and the capital expenditure of the three major operators plus the 5g plan in the Chinese Tower was close to 200 billion.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) is more than four times higher than in 2019.
A 5g contract, with a successful expansion of the overseas market. In March, China moved to the 5g 2nd phase of the Wireless Network in China to centralize the purchase of equipment, the 5g Wireless Major, to fully accelerate the process, and the core is ready for launch.
The total number of stations is about 232,000, with a single-stop price of about $160,000, with a share of 28.71%. Telecommunications, connectivity, and wireless main equipment have also been announced recently.
Over 30% of the share, the main equipment provider’s competitive pattern continues to favour domestic equipment suppliers. It is expected that the industry will be settled, with a full share of the 5g construction dividend.
Focusing on 5g R & D inputs, core competitiveness continues to improve. Companies q1 quarter R & D costs 32.40 billion, or 15.08% of revenues. Companies are major players and contributors to 5g technology research and standard-setting around the world. Sustained investments in chip fields have been made and strong chips are available.
Calculating and developing capabilities, in 2019, the chip patent applied for more than 3900 items, currently produced at the size of the 7nm chip, and the next generation of the 5nm chip is being imported. According to the ipiytics report, the company has disclosed the 5g standard necessary patent to 2,561, the top three countries in the world.
Investment proposals: As domestic operators land the 5g main equipment collection in 2020, companies are winning their second share and increasing their share. As the 5g build-up continues, we look forward to an increase in the company’s global share, and an increase in the share of the 5g delivery will help improve the company’s Māori ratio.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report