The growth in the share of the global market for communications, the core assets of the 5g power, the gains from the deep-rooted 5g technology, and the growth in the share of the global market for communications
According to the latest data from the world's leading research institutions, dell'oro, in the first quarter of 2020, the global communications market was ranked as: China (28 per cent), Nokia (15 per cent), Ericsson (14 per cent), China Communications (11 per cent), Cisco (6 per cent), down by 1 percentage point from 2019, and Eric.
In 5g patent filings, there were 21,571 standard 5g patent applications worldwide, and the number of published 5g commercial contracts reached third place. In terms of the number of published 5g commercial contracts, China and China signed 46 5g commercial contracts worldwide, covering 5g cities in China, Asia and the Pacific, etc.
On the ground, cooperation has been forged with some European countries, thanks to the development and innovation of communications technology in China and China, the construction process of 5g was over-expected, the marginal improvement in the performance of leading equipment suppliers' scarce flagships, the policy of “new infrastructure” has been catalyzing, the construction of 5g base stations has been accelerating and the number of 5g base stations in the country has now been completed
After more than 250,000, it is expected that in September 2020 there will be more than 700,000 base stations covering all the country’s cities at the local level and above, and that the construction of the relevant base stations will not stop in September-December. With China’s new admissions to wide power, and China’s mobile 700m5g shared network, it is expected that a new wave of construction will reach its peak.
In the five-g major equipment company, covering wireless, transmission, and core networks, communications are expected to develop further in the 5g era, opening new global market space. The company re-researched and continuously upgraded its product quality into the first international echelon of equipment, while strengthening compliance management, and market expansion made new breakthroughs; 5g technology
Corporate First Cover Report - Rapid Construction - 5g, Developments, Changes in Equipment Patterns, Improved bargaining power of major equipments, "Corporational" flying -2020.4.3.
• Catalyst: China's mobile and wide power cooperation 5g is advancing; 5g applications have led to an increase in demand for construction 5g China's new business cards — a full lead in the technical capabilities of the domestic major equipment provider, which, according to data from the operator's bidding tests, is a full lead in the technical capabilities of the domestic main equipment provider.
In terms of standard patent (sep) (5g), China made 34.02% of the world’s top priority, compared to the 4g-year China 5g leading the world – domestic aau, bbu and others.
On the aau side, communications and Chinese-style equipment have a certain advantage over foreign manufacturers in terms of their power, weight, and interface capacity. On the bbu side, Chinese-owned equipment has a clear advantage over foreign producers in terms of capacity.
Table 3: The domestic bbu has a clear advantage in capacity, and malignant competition has led to weak net profit growth. 5g commercial proximity, increasing competition for market share among equipment providers, positive distribution of leading equipment suppliers such as Hua, Ericsson, Nokia, and a possible decline in corporate Māori rates and net interest rates
The US-China trade consultation is uncertain about the risks. 5g is the focus of global competition, and since the core components of communications are partly in the hands of American firms, if similar events are repeated, the 5g in China will be seriously affected.