The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Communications (000063.sz) is up and down, and the epidemic is on the right track.
On 24 April 2020, the company released its first quarter report for 2020, which achieved operating income of RMB 21,484 million in one quarter, a decline of 3.23 per cent in the same year. The mother ' s net profit was RMB 780 million, a decline in the same year.
A 20.5% increase in the net profit of the mother indicates a robust growth in the company itself. The q1 business data and the industry chain are researched and we judge that two structural changes that companies have made in the past continue in q1 and will accelerate in the future the impact of the epidemic. First, the high Māori operator income ratio is rising, and the q1 Māl ratio is increasing.
–Change in communications – the level is close. At the same time, the company continuously upgrades its internal management level at a rate of 16.93% q13, down from the same year.
0.21 pp, of which the administrative costs of q1 fell by 17.06% on a year-on-year basis, while the core advantages were consolidated and the overall trend towards good corporate governance remained unchanged. During the reporting period, companies continued to strengthen their R & D investments, with R & D receipts rising by 15.1%, or 1.2 pp. on a 5g basis, the number of countries winning successive corporate sizes was higher.
"Why do we want to be able to communicate to 300 billion? " , a centralized procurement project involving the three major operators, 5gran, 5gsa core network and 5g carrier.
In the area of government and enterprise, companies have intensified their collaboration with industry heads, self-researching the database goldendb, the “new feeder” of the operating system has accelerated over the long term.
The epidemic affects the company’s harvest pace without affecting the total, and its performance will be released on a quarterly basis throughout the year. Given the impact of the epidemic, the company’s performance throughout the year is expected to show a clear upward and upward trend, but the aggregate is not expected to be affected.
On the other hand, despite the short-term impact of the epidemic on the construction of 5g overseas, the demand for transport and Internet access generated by the epidemic has stimulated 4g.
Networking and grid-fixing demand, coupled with corporate advantage product data cards, household information terminals, and fixed network bandwidth terminals, is expected to grow rapidly. Overall, the epidemic remains unchanged from the large trend established at the point where companies operate, and the 5g era is expected to be the biggest beneficiary of a rebalancing of the global equipment market.
There is uncertainty about the development of the epidemic; the growth of corporate markets abroad is below expectations; investment in 5g is below expectations, capital expenditure by operators is below expectations, and trade friction between Central America and the United States is increasing.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment