Glass of Favour (600660): smooth growth in performance and substantial increase in returns on investment during the current season
Q3 income grew steadily, and the return on investment substantially increased the profits of the season. In the third quarter, the company achieved $5,037 billion in a single season, which was affected by weak domestic vehicle sales, and the ring fell by 5.62 per cent over the second quarter, but it continued to grow by the same year.
On the profit side, the company achieved a total profit of 1.769 billion yuan in the third quarter, with a significant increase of 93.31 per cent in the year-on-year ratio and a gain of 476 million yuan, resulting from a significant increase in profits during the season.
After the net gain, the company realized a total profit of $1,293 million in three quarters, reasonable cost control of the ring two, and exchange gains continued to increase the net profits of the company. For the third quarter, the sales cost of the company increased by 1.13 and 0.6 percentage points, respectively, in both the same and the ring ratios.
Point, reflecting an increase in marketing pressure in three quarters, the ratio of company management costs decreased by 3.59 percentage points in relation to the same period and by 3.12 percentage points in relation to the ring, reflecting continuously the company’s ability to manage and control its costs in a cost-effective manner.
It continues to benefit from exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi, generating a currency exchange gain of $304 million, which directly results in a reduction of $163 million in financial costs and increases net corporate profits. With respect to gross interest rates, the gross three-quarters Māori rate for companies is 42.68 per cent, up from the second quarter.
• The cost of car glass has risen and the business pattern has improved. In 2017, company cars sold 113 million square metres of glass, an increase of 6.33 per cent over the same period.
At 5.90%, the price rises. We expect to keep the company's car glass up in the future, with a rising proportion of high-value, high-value products like glass, soundproof glass, odious glass, etc.
At the moment, Glossy Glass State Limited (including 100% of its holding companies) has begun to make a sustained increase in profits. At the same time, the company’s Russian factory is on the path of virtuous development, Germany.
The construction of the plant started, and globalization began to work. Corporate income abroad grew faster than domestic revenue, and we adjusted the net profit forecast for the parent owner as overseas output released further in the future, the company and the exchange earnings.
The pattern is good, the impact of the renminbi exchange rate on company performance is expected to stabilize in the future, while the overseas market is expected to provide new growth space, and we maintain the corporate “prudentially recommended” investment rating.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but it does.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.