Shen Kajia's main business grew steadily, and net profit gains on exchange earnings increased by $3.26 billion, yoy + 52.2%, and supermarket expectations. The performance of the company increased significantly by 1-q3.
Largely due to the fact that the company’s main business is growing faster than the overall increase in sales in the automobile industry; and its profitability to keep the industry at the forefront. Foreign exchange earnings are higher, benefiting from the devaluation of the renminbi; the expansion of the company’s domestic and overseas production capacity is progressing well, with sufficient overseas orders, and one-three-q overseas operations are growing significantly.
Income has grown steadily and net profits have increased at a faster rate than the previous year: companies have achieved business income of $15.12 billion, yoy + 12.9 per cent, recorded net profits of $3.26 billion, yoy + 52.2 per cent (net profits of $2,815 million and yoy + 35 per cent after deductions), and combined gains of $1.3 per cent are still higher than per cent.
Average growth in the industry (1.5 per cent increase in domestic automobile sales in 2018 and 0.9 per cent increase in output in 2018) and slightly higher market expectations for the company’s performance.
Increase in net profit on exchange gains and maintenance of high levels of profitability in the main industry: corporate revenue growth has been steady over the reporting period, and the net profit has increased at a significant rate, mainly due to (i) the impact of the devaluation of the renminbi, which has generated a gain of $304 million in corporate exchange earnings (the exchange loss was $304 million during the same period last year) and a financial fee.
The impact of the material price hike, with a combined Māori rate of 42.7 per cent for corporate products, a slight decrease of 0.1 percentage points over the same period, remains high profit levels and a higher industry average. (3) Investment returns increased. During the reporting period, the company completed 51 per cent equity transfer from the Fukuyo Group Beijing Tongfu Safety Glass Co. Ltd., confirming the return
The company's overseas business grew faster and its share of the global market increased further; as the economy as a whole in the domestic automobile industry is currently declining, the company is developing its overseas market in an orderly fashion, relying on internationalization.
The Bureau reduced the risks associated with the economic downturn in the country’s automobile industry. The 1-30 company’s car glass collected $32.31 million (approximately RMB 220 million) in the United States market, with revenue growing at a higher rate than domestic business; and the U.S. increased plant capacity, with 3.1 million units targeted for 2018.
With the subsequent increase in production, the scale effect will contribute to a further increase in the profitability of the United States’ factories, which will be one of the driving forces behind the company’s future growth in profitability. Profit projections: we expect the company’s net profits to reach $4.1 billion in 2018 and $4.4 billion in 2019.
13 times and 12 times; 12 times and 11 times the share of h. The renminbi exchange rate continues to be weak and has a positive effect on corporate exchange earnings. We maintain a “buy-in” investment to build Chinaresearchdept.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: Chinaresearchdept. This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.