The company published three quarterly reports in 2018, which generated business income of $15.12 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
12.9 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which increased by 52.2 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which increased by 7.5 per cent over the same period by $5.04 billion in operating income; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which increased by 84.0 per cent over the same period.
In addition, the share of high-end products continues to rise, with single-price gains.
In view of the downside of the industry, we have slightly adjusted the forecast of profits, which is expected to grow rapidly in companies' overseas operations, with exchange-and-equity gains driving profit growth. The company’s revenue grew by 12.9% in the previous three quarters, with domestic revenue growing by 3.7% and foreign revenue growing by 22.9%.
The three-quarter Māori rate was generally stable, the sales and management rates were generally at the same level, influenced by the value of the renminbi devalued, and the exchange gains of the first three quarters were RMB 300 million (the exchange losses of RMB 300 million during the same period last year), while the financial and services costs fell by 150.1 per cent, the financial costs decreased by 3.4 percentage points and the fourth by 0.4 percentage points.
Percentage point. Combined with the company ' s 51 per cent equity transfer gain of 450 million yuan in Beijing, net profits increased significantly by 52.2 per cent in the first three quarters, after deducting the impact of exchange gains and losses, net domestic sales of non-returned profits q3 declined and overseas operations continued to improve in the first three quarters. q3 revenue grew by 7.5 per cent, at a faster rate than the first half.
The year slowed down, mainly as a result of a 5.7% decline in vehicle production in the q3 country. The Māori rate rose from the same year, yielding $240 million (the exchange loss of $130 million over the same period last year), and financial costs fell by 205.4 per cent, while fiscal costs fell by 6.6 percentage points. In addition, the gain from the equity transfer of 51 per cent in Beijing was $450 million.
Domestic business performed better than industry. In the first three quarters of the country, revenue grew by 3.7 per cent, nearly three percentage points higher than automobile production by 0.9 per cent. The macroeconomic situation has led to short-term downs in domestic automobile sales, but firms are competitive and are expected to increase their share of the market and unit prices and resist downside risks in the industry.
In the first three quarters, US factories made profits of $8.31 million, $1.097 million, $13.3 million, and are expected to make more profits as the capacity utilization rises. The Russian base sheet realized a profit net, and the Russian car market or bottom-up rebounded, and it is expected that it will continue to change in the future.
Good. Business abroad continues to be good, and the market space is wide, and is expected to boost performance growth. 1) The Chinese-American trade conflict has escalated, 2) the volume of automobile sales has fallen short of expectations, 3) the cost of raw materials, etc.
Glossy Glass – a steady increase in income during the quarter, exchange rate effects, Glossy Glass – Exchange Loss Impacts Performance, Future Developments
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations