Glossy Glass (600660) Motors with a strong global position and a strong income growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: In January-September 2018, the company achieved operating income of $15.12 billion, an increase of 12.9 per cent over the same period; net profit of $32.6 billion, an increase of 52.2 per cent over the same year; gross profit of 42.7 per cent, a margin of 0.1 per cent, a net interest rate of 21.5 per cent, a strong global position and robust income growth. As the global king of car glass, the company operates globally.
After the withdrawal of the acquisition tax policy, the overall consumption of the car market weakened, and domestic automobile sales fell to 1.5% in January-September this year. Although the previous three quarters saw negative growth in corporate sales, companies q3 achieved $5.04 billion in the first quarter, a positive 7.5%.
Growth, demonstrated by robust growth in weak cities, benefited from an increase in the U.S. plant capacity utilization rate of 44.1 per cent in the single quarter, compared to +1.6 pp and the ring to +2.1 per cent. Gains and losses on exchange benefited, with three rates falling and net interest rates rising.
This represents a decrease of 5.7 per cent, with management costs falling to 9.5 per cent, corresponding to 4.4 per cent, plus 4.3 per cent of R & D fees - 1.0 per cent, compared to 3.4 per cent, a significant decrease, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations resulting in an exchange rate gain of 300 million, compared with a loss of 300 million during the same period last year.
The U.S. market is an important increase in the future, with a smooth climb and a significant contribution to performance. From the pattern of the car glass market, Fukuyo's share in the domestic market is at its top, considering that the domestic market is growing rapidly.
In the United States market, where there is no home-grown car glass company, Fukuyo's plant is still in the process of climbing production capacity and increasing artificial proficiency. 2018h1, Fyo United States revenue is $1.68 billion, an increase of 85%, a net profit of $130 million.
After smooth operations, companies are expected to account for nearly 30% of the United States market share, and the Māori rate of overseas operations will be moving towards domestic profitability, which is an important increase in company performance over the last three years. There is still room to raise the value of the bicycle support, and company growth remains dynamic.
The promotion of high value-added glass, such as smart glass, energy-efficient glass, has further enhanced the value of the bicycles, and is an important engine of growth for companies.
Glossy glass (600660): increased performance in exchange rate gains, continued penetration of globalized markets (2018-08-21) 2. Glossy glass (600660): high income growth, reversal, consolidation
The risk of Chinese-American trade frictions having an impact on Chinese-owned enterprises. The value of good-term “cow-type” investments has never been compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.