The company’s performance in the first three quarters was $15,122 million in operating income.
Won, 12.88 per cent increase in the same year; operating profits of 3,953 million yuan, 50.87 per cent increase in the same year; and favourable growth in the return of the company belonging to the mother Li Zejian (i)
Company q3 achieved operating income of $5.037 billion, an increase of 7.51 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to public sector shareholders on the market of $1.390 billion, an increase of 84 per cent over the same period. Against a background of rapid growth and decline in the domestic market, the net profits of companies grew considerably, largely as a result of the substantial results of the company ' s globalized business strategy.
The U.S. factories went well. In 2018, q3 domestic car sales fell by 7.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the U.S. car market fell by 2.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the European car market fell by 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the U.S. and U.S. car market was better off than the U.S., but it benefited from the U.S. factory climbing well, with the company still growing 7.51 per cent in three quarters on a year-on-year basis.
(ii) Net gains on current exchange gains q3 benefits from exchange gains resulting from currency exchange fluctuations, with cost rates falling significantly. Company cost rates (operational costs, taxes and surcharges, administrative costs, sales costs, etc.),
Foreign exchange gains of $304 million ($304 million lost during the same period last year) will continue to contribute to the growth of performance in overseas markets, with companies delivering 1.9 million in 2017 from the United States and 3.3 million planned for 2018.
The first phase of the car glass has been largely productive, and the second phase of the climb has proceeded in an orderly and orderly manner, contributing to a sustained increase in profits. At the same time, the company’s Russian plant is on a virtuous path, the construction of the German plant has begun, the globalization of the company is beginning to bear fruit, and the capacity of overseas production is gradually released.
As the absolute leader of domestic listings in the automotive glass industry, the company’s performance is projected to grow steadily throughout the year, taking into account its low-cost advantages, high R & D inputs, and global investment opportunities. Car sales are expected to fall short of expectations, and factories abroad are not growing faster than expected.