Performance meets expectations, cash reserves are good and promising for companies to move through the cycle, supply of silicon links is greater than demand and price is lower.
\triangleright responded positively to market demand, building on the combined strength of product quality, brand names and marketing strategies, establishing efficient and flexible production regulation mechanisms that ensured tight production and sales.
Dun Yongkang, 24q3 company multi-crystal silicon production reached 44,000 tons (n-T, 75.1 per cent), sales reached 42,000 tons (n-T, 79.4 per cent), and sales reached 96.6 per cent.
Good market adaptive capacity and operational efficiency. Cost, in the down-cycle of the industry, companies continue to improve production efficiency, reduce energy consumption and optimize costs.
The cash cost for Wang 1 like 24q3 is $38.93/kg, ring ratio - 3.1 per cent. The cost of 24q3 is $48.83/kg, ring cost for company 24q3 due to the shutdown of some of the old devices and the decline in production volume ring ratio, resulting in an increase in unit fixed cost.
The cash reserves are good, and the cash reserves are expected to support the company through the cycle. As at 24q3, the bank deposits and receivables balance of the company were $4.18 billion and passed through.
Assessment: short-term performance pressure, cost control plus product quality
2. Full-scale energy (688303.sh) semi-annual report 2023 Assessment: optimized cost of expansion of production capacity, N-type increases in profit - $14.09/8.65.680 million, corresponding to 80x/41x in 25-26 years, with companies leading the silicon chain
Businesses, with good cost control capabilities and good product quality, are expected to help companies move through the cycle by maintaining that “the logic of methodology and analysis leads to research findings, is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, that the findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and that researchers have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.