El ophthalmology, 300015.
Events: Company ' s 2019 q1 performance forecast, with expected net return profits of 290 million yuan ~ 310 million yuan, with a median value of 300 million yuan, an increase of 32 per cent ~ 42 per cent and a median of 37 per cent. Non-recurrent gains and losses are expected to boost growth over the reporting period.
With more than 20% maintained, the share of profits in the top 10 hospitals has fallen from about 70% to about 60%, and the growth trend in the two-and-three-line urban hospitals is still positive. There is a growing trend in the prevalence of eye disease in society, with future convergences, with factors such as ageing, rising health-care consumption, and declining channels.
• Health-care changes have disrupted the industry, leading to a change in quality: as the “medication” model breaks down, the entire health-care industry faces a dissipation of medals. More flexible and effective than public hospitals, private hospital talent mechanisms, incentives, management practices, etc., private hospitals will be able to compete in their eye-to-eye operations as talent continues to flow to private hospitals
• “Producer studies” are being carried out as one, and the leading role is being maintained: the company has set up a “college of academic specialists” and a “post-doctoral research mobile centre for collaborative research and development” to further improve the integration of the company's production, learning, research, and core Chinese journals/statistical sources of scientific and technical papers.
Together with high capital, we will improve market competitiveness: earlier in 2017, the company released $1.7 billion in undisclosed shares and invested $1 billion in high capital to become the sixth largest shareholder in the company, holding 2.34% of the shares.
In addition, the company is working further with high capital to anticipate a sustained impetus for the expansion of the future business model and the development of brand influence. Profit predictions and ratings: now, the company covers eye disease diagnosis, surgical services, and medical optical mirrors.
It is estimated that between 2019 and 2020, pss are 0.59 and 0.77, respectively, corresponding to the risk of medical emergencies.
The leadership position is further consolidated (2018-04-22). No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.