El ophthalmology 300015.
Incident: The company issued a public announcement to buy 70% of the shares of the Pumo El Eye Hospital at a price of $20,230,000.
The continued organization of high-quality eye hospitals demonstrates the firm’s commitment to improving the quality of eye care. The company’s current position as the global leader of the world’s eye has not diminished, and we are firmly committed to the company’s long-term development.
The growth in home-grown growth was no less than positive, with a 10-year rise in prices: by 2018, the number of company outpatients had increased by 5.74 million, or 13.0 per cent, as compared to 2018; the number of surges had increased by 560,000, by 9.1 per cent, and the number of operations to remove cataracts had increased by 18.3 per cent, while benefiting from an upturn in consumption, calculating the unit price by income/outpatients.
The combined net profit rate of the top 10 hospitals, such as Dean Sha, Wuhan, Chengdu, Shenyang and others, has remained at over 20%, and their share of profits has fallen from 57% in 2017 to around 52%, indicating that the trend in secondary and hospital growth has been positive.
• Focusing on the building of a talent ladder, and the flow of high-quality medical resources. The main competition for specialist ophthalmology hospitals is public hospitals, and the level of care of doctors in eye surgery has a greater impact on patients’ choices.
The Department attracts high-quality medical personnel from public hospitals through a market-based remuneration system that actively expands the ophthalmology programme. Together with flexible management incentives, gradual proximity to public hospitals, and good branding, the Department attracts patients from public hospitals.
A high reliance on equipment for surgery and the company ' s continuous strengthening of investment in capital, equipment introduction, and building of a section, thus creating a good medical profile that provides patients with professional and quality medical services.
El ophthalmology (300015): Performance has been steadily growing and volume has continued to increase (2019-04-29) No compensation has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.