El ophthalmology (300015): Keeps high growth in performance, accelerates the internal layout of pharmaceutical biology companies keep up high growth in performance. Companies achieved $80.09 billion in operating income in 2018.
Increase of 34.31 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies: 1,009 million; increase of 35.88 per cent over the same period; net profit attributed to shareholders of listed companies after deduction (latest)
During the reporting period, the company's kurning project generated 2,812 million yuan (+45.59%) in revenue, accounting for 35.11%, the largest share of business. The high growth was due to full flight seconds, icl, etc.
Stock price performance (last year) High-end surgeries increased, achieving a full increase in volume prices, on the other hand due to the rapid growth of kurning operations by European cb companies (cb started with a table in September 2017).
The rate of growth of the cataracts project slowed to 1,545 million yuan (+9.01 per cent) for the year as compared to the same period last year. The number of surgeries decreased, but the overall increase in the use of high-end surgery was sustained.
(+24.92%) The Māori rate also increased by 4.30 pp over the same period as the scale effect increased; $542 million (+13.57%) was realized in the back of the eye; visual services continued to grow in the domestic layout with good cost control during the reporting period.
Major subsidiaries such as El, Wuhan-El and Chengdu-El continued to grow, with net profits increasing by 19.50 per cent, 14.61 per cent and 22.76 per cent, respectively. During the reporting period, companies acquired holdings in companies such as Jianxi-El, Yang-il, Neijiang-El, etc.
In the overseas market, the company has taken the lead in the Hong Kong Asian Medical Service, the US Mingwang Eye Centre, and Europe’s clinicabaviera.s.a
Overseas ophthalmology institutions. Corporate cost controls were good during the reporting period, with sales rates, administrative rates and financial rates falling by 2.67 pp, 0.29 pp and 0.15 pp, respectively, and scale effects gradually became apparent during the reporting period.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.