Health care equipment and services extend to the upper end of the product, building an eye-to-eye healthy cycling.
The joint venture will undertake research, production and marketing of ophthalmological medical products.
This collaboration is a strong alliance between, on the one hand, El has developed advanced clinical experience and market advantages in the field of ophthalmology, and, on the other hand, the culinary medicine industry, which has for many years focused on the research and development of new medicines, has more than 20 years of experience in the production of sterile agents, has more than 20 years of experience, is more productive and is developing and producing.
The systemic dimension complements the El advantage of developing and searching for cutting-edge technologies in the ophthalmology industry through autonomous research and development, 2,383/1,906 state-of-the-art products that both reduce corporate costs and provide good clinical effects for ophthalmologists
High-quality products with total market value/flow (million yuan) and improved brand competitiveness.
It's worth noting that, although Al only contributed 51 per cent, the profit-sharing ratio reached 60 per cent, the terminal, El ophthalmology, 300015.
The value of the movement has risen, the performance of the annual report has been excellent, and the system of ranking of stations is well developed) and the clinical experience is good. Data will be more important in collaboration - 2019/02/28.
The key to the extension of the industry chain is the ability to reflect the real needs of end-users. q3 (300015) Continuing High Growth, Partnership Plan Wins Together - 2018/10/10
Values highlight the construction of a healthy eye ecclesiastical circle.
Children and young people have a high incidence of near-visibility in the country (of nearly 600 million people in the country; 18 years nationwide).
53.6% of children and 81% of high school students) and the State has incorporated child and adolescent visual control into the comprehensive public health service assessment targets, which has been raised to the national strategy level.
In view of the control products, the cloud traps, the close-sighted and controlled research led in 2018 on six continents around the world, the exploration of the children's eye koya, etc., attempts have also been made in the field of upstream production.
(Farmships, provincial capitals, local and county hospital systems, eye health “Internet” ecology (up-to-line), internationalization ecology (acquisition of foreign ophthalmological hospitals, introduction of resources), science and technology innovation ecology, medical finance ecology (marriage insurance, etc.).
The endpoints such as the courtyards to popularize new technologies, new products, new technologies, new products that in turn will provide El with economic and brand benefits and depend on each other.
The growth in corporate income profits continued to grow at a high rate in 2018, with q1, q2, q3 and q4, respectively, achieving income growth in health-care services with strong growth, stronger advantage projects and a steady increase in market-ownership rates. On the other hand, the company’s provincial-level hospital’s leadership capacity increased further, with steady income growth.
The strategic layout of the company ' s accelerated medical network, building on the advantages of the internationalization platform, integrating global resources, increasing the introduction of high-end talent, upgrading the innovative capabilities of the production and research platform, and promoting the development of science and ophthalmology in synergy and maintaining a high-quality, rapid growth dynamic.
El ophthalmological Institute, 9 North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.