Hyclopopa has been marketed, the innovation ladder continues to be perfected, and Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) Hychopa has been marketed, entering the period of abundance of innovative medicines.
The company announced that the innovative drug, Haetrapopaethanolamine, was certified as a pharmaceutical certificate adapted to: (1) chronic primary immunosolesis (itp) among adult patients who had had a poor response to treatments such as sugar cortex, immunoglobin, etc.; (2) heavy loads with conditions for granting treatment for immunosuppressive treatments that were ineffective
Adults with regenerative anaemia. The company is about to enter the period of abundance of innovative medicines, and we maintain the pre-profits/39.8 times and the "buy-in" rating.
Sea traippa ethanol ammonium is an oral non-peptide plate-generation receptor (tpo-r) agonist that activates the stat and mapk signals of the tpo-r guide and promotes plate formation. Among the same products are Acetropopa ethanolamine and avatrombopag, which were listed domestically in 2020.
The most common adverse effect of Eichpopa is hemorrhage, which is also prone to liver toxicity, liver damage, and bone marrow fibrosis. Compared to Aquipopa, a series of structural modifications have been made, which are expected to be of better clinical value.
The company is expected to market several innovations in the coming years, including Rigretting and Gangley.
Net and shr 6390, nda; shr-1316, shr 3680, Famileni, shr-1701, shr4640, shr0302, shr-1314 and shr-1209, etc., clinical iiii, company innovation drugs, corporate update report - rapid release of innovation medicines
In the medium-to-long term, the amount of research and development inputs is increasing. The company’s domestic research and development pipeline for innovative medicines is rich and well-established, and continues to benefit from the expansion of the Chinese market for innovative medicines.
The company ' s first-time coverage of the report - forward-looking and forward-looking, while building innovative research and development systems adapted to the global landscape, will be able to make a breakthrough in the future with foreign innovation drugs - 2020.11.
The peak sales in Haetrapopa are expected to break 1 billion yuan, and the primary immuno-spray reduction (itp) is a self-immun hemorrhage disease, which currently affects an annual rate of 5-10/100,000 people, estimated in median terms at around 10,46 million people in the country.
The methods include: (1) adrenaline sugar cortex hormones, but long-term applications have resulted in osteoporosis, femur damage and necrosis; (2) injection of static c. Second-line treatments include: (1) blood-promoting plate-generated drugs, such as rhtpo, Romisi and Aquipopa; (2) recuperate resistance; (3) spleen removal; and (4) immunosuppressants, such as cyclosilin.
About half of the patients with hormonal treatment are ineffective or relapsed and have greater side effects, and about 40% of the intp patients are later transferred to second-line therapy, where the treatment of immunosuppressants is generally inefficient and at high risk of infection; spleen cutting is more efficient than treatment, but patients are at risk of short-term and long-term complications; and it is the principle of Rittos' resistance.
In order to reduce the number of b-cells that produce placard antibodies, the defect is that hepatitis B is likely to re-energize, and active hepatitis B patients also need to be carefully used. The oral tpo agonist patients can take drugs for long periods of time, and therefore have a great advantage in second-line treatments.
The number of patients transferred to second-line treatment is expected to be 4.19 million (100.46 million*40 per cent). Eichpopa entered the National Health Care Directory in 2019, with the latest winning price of $5968/25 mg: 28 pills, beginning with 25 mg per day, adjusted for blood plate sizes up to 75 mg/day, based on 25 mg/day.
Conservatively calculated, the annual cost is $778,000. Assuming that the price is 80% of the price of Equipopa (an annual cost of $6.22 million), with a penetration rate of 35%, the sales peak is expected to reach $923 million (4.24 million* $6.22 million/year*35%).
The market peak is expected to exceed $1 billion. Simultaneous drug varieties are included in the collection; pd-1/l1 anti-competitive increases; and innovative drug research and development failures.