The company published its annual report for 2020 and its quarterly report for 2021. The company achieved total operating income in 2020.
Wei Hongmei's net profits and those attributable to the parent company were 27,735 million yuan and 6,328 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 19.09 per cent and 18.78 per cent, respectively, in terms of performance as expected. Total operating income and attribution to the mother were achieved in the first quarter of 2021.
The income from anti-cancer drugs has been increasing rapidly, and the income from anaesthetic drugs has declined. In 2020, the company's anti-cancer, anaesthetic and film-making operations achieved $15,268 million, $4,591 million and $3,63 billion, respectively.
The Māori rate rose in the same year, and the net interest rate fell slightly in the same year. In 2020, the Māori rate increased by 0.44 percentage points to 87.93 per cent in the same year, with the Māori rate for anti-cancer and cinematographic products consistently increasing R & D investments. In 2020, the R & D investment was $4,989 million, the same year.
Production batch 6 for new pharmaceutical preparations, production batch 5 for generic preparations; acquisition of clinical batch 82 for innovative medicines and batch 2 for generic pharmaceuticals; acquisition of consistency evaluation batch for 3 varieties and completion of the declaration of consistency for 5 products: injection of carrelei and apple acid mergon
The cystic combination therapy has been included in the breakthrough treatment list; the injection of Carrelei Judd, the application for partial relapsing or transferary nasal cancer adaptive and his fluorinated luminous eye droplets, etc., have been put on the market and given priority; and the injection of the results of the study in the field of Carrelli chute anti-pulmonary cancer has been placed on the Willow.
Knife, with a median total survival of 27.9 months, is the best in the world. The company shr0302 (resilient to silver scrap, rheumatism, arthritis, etc.), shr 6390 (resilient to breast cancer, etc.), shr 3680 (resilient to prostate cancer, etc.), shr-1316 injection fluids (smallly treated).
The clinical stage is at the ii stage, where shr 0302 is in the ii/iii clinical stage, where shr-1701 continues to scale up the implementation of the internationalization strategy. With regard to the internationalization of corporate innovation medicines, there are now multiple companies.
Products are allowed to conduct multi-centre or regional clinical studies around the world, of which the Kareli Pearls have already conducted iii clinical trials at the international centres with the Apadaloni and Fluorine Palli products. In terms of innovative overseas exports, in 2020, the company put the Kareli Pearls together, and the Shr-1701 projects, respectively.
South Korea’s crystalgenomics, Korea’s hlb-ls, and South Korea’s East Asia Pharmaceuticals will further enhance corporate branding and overseas performance. The Atoku ammonium injection and Dositas injection fluid, the unevaluated strains of iodized gram salaried fluids and olymphos.
Salithium injection is likely to be included, with some impact in the short term. But companies are home-grown innovative drug leaders, strong research and development, rich in research and development pipelines, and in the future, as research and development pipelines come down, the ratio of generic drugs is expected to decline and the ratio of innovation to companies is expected to rise.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.