Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Rapid release of innovative medicines with the desired performance 832 million yuan (+31.16 per cent) of operating income achieved by pharmaceutical organisms; net return to mothers 2.07 billion yuan
+29.92%) and the company’s performance has recovered on a quarterly basis, with year-round performance meeting expectations. At the same time, the company published a quarterly report in 2021, which achieved operating income of $6,929 million (+25,37%); net profit returned to the mother of $1.497 billion (+13,77%) and a quarterly projection.
The equity incentive cost is $186 million, excluding this cost, and the net profit increase of the company ' s net profit and the high growth of the oncology tubes and the rapid release of innovative medicines. During the reporting period, the company ' s oncology line generated revenue of $15268 million (+44.37 per cent); and the anesthetic pipe generated income.
Influencing the number of outpatients and surgeries, anaesthetic tubes and cinematographic tubes are decreasing at a rate of increase. Pyrolytic and 19k are insured, protein violet ol is collected, and Kareli beads are in a fast-release phase, with innovative drug-pulsing oncology tubes growing at a high rate in the country in 2020.
In March, a new version of the health-care catalogue was launched. The company now has seven innovative medicines on the market. During the reporting period, Fluorine Pally was successfully placed on the market; Kareli Joo added non-small cell lung cancers, second-line liver cancers and second-line esophagus cancers:
In 2020, pd-1 snorting cancer adaptive disorders and cerebral ethanolamine were included in the research line.
Priority review; Rigretine, Jungle, Shr 6390 are in the declared market segment; eight other products are in the clinical three-stage phase. There is a steady expectation of further improvement in the development of products.
There are a number of international multi-centre clinical trials. Some of the company’s anaesthesia and film agent products may be included in the fifth national drug collection; but the company’s products are rich and innovative.
Medicines are in a fast-disbursing phase that can offset the negative qualifications created by the decline in generic medicines. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report but will not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.