Annual Report 2020 and Quarterly 2021: Continuous increase in the number of incidents: company revenues in 2020 were 27.735 billion yuan, an increase of 19.09 per cent over the same period, net profit returns to mothers were 6,328 million yuan, an increase of 18.78 per cent over the same period, and corporate revenues in the first quarter of 2021
Inflow of 6,929 million yuan, an increase of 25.37 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 1,497 million yuan in the same year, a high growth in anti-cancer plate operations, a slight decline in anaesthetic plates: corporate anti-cancer boards grew fastest in 2020, with 44.37 per cent growth in business income, a slight increase of 12.40 per cent in projectile income and an epidemic.
In the area of anti-cancer, the company selected a second batch of concentrated drug purchases using violet sapol, which resulted in an increase of 174.11 per cent in sales, a decline of $4.5 billion in sales and an increase of 326.42 per cent in sales. The occupying Power produced the largest market share of pd-1.
The parp suppressant, thorium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thallium thiphthalitis, second-line liver cancer, second-line esophagus cancers, three new adaptive disorders, injection of thallium thallium thallium sulfur sulfurate, colonoscopic screening for new neuropsychological aptions, thallium thallium sulfur sulfate for new adaptive disorders.
During the 2020 health-care negotiations, Carrill's single anti-pulmonary cancers, liver cancers, dietary cancers, lymphoma four adaptive disorders were included in the health-care catalogue as the only immune treatment to be reimbursed for lung cancer, liver cancer, and dietary cancer among the three main types of cancer, and the drug was further improved.
Accessibility and speed of release provide a solid basis for growth in corporate performance. In the development of innovative medicines, companies have basically developed an annual clinical application for innovative medicines, with positive developments every one to two years on the market, and pre-inventive research and development investments are gradually entering the harvest period.
• Adherence to autonomous innovation, increased investment in research and development, and equity incentives to deliver accelerated innovation: 2020 Public Medicine: Innovative Workers in a Global Perspective, too, “me-better”, gradually moving to source innovation and developing adc with autonomous intellectual property rights
Crafts 2021-01-04 Technical platform and oncological resistance product development and successful listing of seven innovations, 2 Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Progressively
Medicines, currently 43 new drugs. We believe that higher R & D inputs and the net increase in corporate R & D pipelines and the acceleration of overseas internationalization processes, and that the increase in clinical development costs reflect a side-by-side exit from the epidemic, with a single quarter performance.
The company’s R & D layout continues to accelerate, with equity incentive costs and R & D inputs affecting net profit growth. Jan 2020-10-20 – Accelerating the internationalization strategy, actively pushing the product out of the sea: the company continues to accelerate internationalization in 2020
3 Heung Swe Medicine (600276): The company's strategic layout actively expands overseas markets. The company's European Clinical Centre in Basel, Switzerland, provides incentives to stimulate a new round of medium- and long-term development.
Further refinement of the global innovation system to accelerate the development of innovative medicines, including cancer treatment.
The company’s overseas performance and visibility were further enhanced by the authorization given to Crystalgenomics, Hlb-ls, and East Asia Pharmaceuticals, Korea.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board