The company's review report, the pharmaceutical industry, the rapid use of innovative medicines, the prospects for development, the Heung Swe medicine (600276.sh)
The event company issues a 2020 report and a 2021 quarterly report.
The impact has diminished seasonally. The year-round performance has grown steadily and profitability has increased. The Māori rate performed slightly less than expected in the first quarter of 21 years, with a profit-end performance of $1.50 billion, respectively, as a result of a significant increase in equity incentive amortization and R & D fees.
We believe that the main reason is that, on the one hand, the equity incentive amortization cost is $186 million, and if the impact of the equity incentive amortization cost is deducted, the 21q1 net return is higher than the growth rate.
According to the breakdown of the pressure, 15.27 billion yuan (+44.4 per cent) was earned in 20 years on the tumor line, mainly in the rapid release of innovative drugs such as 19k, deltaini, pd-1, which is expected to exceed 4 billion yuan, 19k and deltaini, with rapid growth in three major sectors.
The strains are included in the health-care catalogue, and we expect to continue to sustain a high increase in anti-cancer plates, a combination of a targeted harvest and a new coronary outbreak; a cost of $3.63 billion (+12.4 per cent) in the photocopying agent, with a slowdown mainly affected by the epidemic.
Nine varieties, including ammonium, iodized sarcophagus, sold in 20 years on a scale of about $4-5 billion. We expect that the rapid release of new drugs, such as pd-1, 19k, and carteoni, is expected to slow down, and that inputs will continue to grow.
In terms of innovation, eight products, including Haitrapopa ethanolamine, Rigletine, Jungle Net, Shr 6390 (cdk4/6) and four products, are now in the clinical iii phase. In terms of internationalization, pd-1 lines use apargoni, fluorine perli, etc.
In addition, the company has a strong marketing capacity, a professional academic team, and a nationwide marketing network and marketing team. We believe that the company’s wealth of research reserves will provide the company with a commitment to work diligently and produce this report independently and objectively, which clearly and accurately reflects its research views.
Mon Yung Wei, Doctor of Biomedicine at Beijing University, has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. The professional competence is high, and the doctor is engaged in research and development of innovative medicines, deep involvement in pre-clinical research and clinical declarations of innovative medicines, familiarity with the industrial chain of innovative medicine development and innovation services, and understanding of changes in the landscape of the pharmaceutical industry and the industrial chain.
Liu Xing: Master of West Economics, Beijing University, Hong Kong Business School, and Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.