RamsyTech (300433.ch): Second quarter performance, steady growth, clear path to growth in the next two years.
• To reaffirm the “buy-in” rating of LanthyTech: We maintain our optimistic judgment about LanthyTech. The company’s performance in the second quarter is higher than we expected, and profits are expected to grow more conclusively in the next two years.
Action Capable, 2) The vertically integrated assembly of Andre smartphones, 3) Huang Jiaji of aipc, and 4) Automobile Electronics, including new items for next year's customers.
At present, the Blue Scientology 2024e has an attractive valuation of 22x, reiterating the “buy-in” rating. • The second quarter has seen steady growth in performance: in the second quarter of this year, the Blues revenues reached the RMB 1.34 billion.
August 27, 2024, from the first half of the year, the rise in assembly income, the structure of automobile electronics and the uphills of new products have been slow for the Māori rate, but the company has improved its rate and efficiency, resulting in overall Māori performance.
The company’s second quarter cost rate fell year-on-year and the ring increased, bringing the operating profit to 696 million yuan, a 59% increase in year-on-year and a 29% increase in ring value. The company’s second-quarter net profit record and its three-quarter guidelines, which we maintain largely unchanged profit projections for 2024 and 2025.
• Performance highlights and outlooks: 1) Mobile parts and components: Metalglass structures are growing steadily. The company has set up a department for brittle and non-brittle materials to ensure long-term growth. 2) Mobile phones are assembled: in the second half of the year, the market is expected to roll out the ai cell phone, and the company will capture the market.
Quarterly Opportunities, Expanding Sales. 3) Pen: Lance will provide zero components, modules and system-level wholes, including glass metal, to capture the new demand for aipc. 4) Smart cars: Increased corporate collaboration with large clients is expected to increase the value of new ones next year.
Taken together, the second half of the year was a market run by Wang Lee, with many lines of company activity full and still weak. There was a weak increase in the volume of new domestic and foreign energy cars. Industry competition was again increasing, players were under pressure and recovery slower than expected.
It's going faster, it's going to slow down performance.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]