I've been able to consume high e-growth, with a good trend towards diversified growth. Companies have achieved business income of $13.368 billion, yoy + 29 per cent in the season; net profit from the parent is $552 million, the consumer electronics industry has recovered, and the IE company has increased its performance.
The income from computer-related operations was $24.20 billion, yoy+49 per cent, the Māori rate was equal to -0.98 pct to 13.75 per cent, and smart head displays and smart wear business generated income of $1,435 million, which, among other things, is a change of cycle that drives the consumer electronics industry back to warmer, adding more to the gradual later-end penetration of the ai.
Aai mobile phones, aipc, arvr, etc., or create new demands. The company's Focus cell phones and pc are based on a leading edge in key areas such as glass, metal, module, vertical integration of the accelerated industrial chain, along with apples, Samsung, Huaihu, Mi, Opo,
Core clients in vivo, Glory, Google, Meta, etc. have deepened their cooperation and business growth has been rapid. New-energy automobile revenues have grown robustly, and Māori rates are under short pressure but are expected to ease in the second half of the year.
As a result of changes in short-term supply and demand patterns and the international situation in the industry, and the build-up of the company’s new product stock, the vehicle sector’s Māori ratio was equal to 12.09 pct to 9.70%. We believe that, looking ahead, new energy vehicles continue to penetrate, company new energy vehicles are gradually climbing and Māori rates are being completed.
More innovation is driving growth, and the trend towards diversification has grown. Companies have become one-stop shops that provide a full range of services in the areas of consumer electronics, smart cars, design, research, and development, and production.
In addition, the firm’s adherence to the core drivers of technological innovation and its increased efforts to develop innovation has now resulted in 2,248 effective patents and a strong long-term growth base.
Profit projection and investment rating: strong \triangleright performance based on company layout in consumer electronics and vehicle-borne areas increased significantly, with full potential for diversified layout
Consumer e-platform-type companies, the ocean of the aristocrats, the warmth of the industry, continued performance.
I'm sorry, cindasecuritiesco.
In November 2022, the group joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc., and stored chips, simulated chips, servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.