Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh), petrochemicals, low-cost, high-scoring red dragons!
The core block px strongly supports the company ' s performance: 2024q1px - the previous oil price gap has been maintained at a higher level, with 2024q1px - the original oil price gap amounted to $3180/t, which was 3.23 per cent wider than the previous year. (Hungarian petrochemicals commented: the road to high scores!), 2024.4.10
At the same time, coal prices have fallen since 2024, with 2024q1 coal prices on average 2. " Helium petrochemicals criticise: performance is constantly being repaired, future is worth looking forward! " , $901.74 per ton, a 20.12 per cent decline in the same year, with raw material costs adding up to the company.
The company now has 20 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity and 5.2 million tonnes/year px capacity, accompanied by sustained end demand.
The fall in the price of gas and raw materials is expected to support the company’s sustained recovery. Demand recovery or will boost the company’s chemical panel performance: 2024 year demand for chemical products, lower price of stacked coal raw materials, profitability of chemical plates, or repair of the company.
The chemical panel performance is expected to be repaired. The signing of the Memorandum of Understanding with Saudi A.A.A. and the continuation of the good trade momentum between the two sides: the memorandum of understanding signed between S.A. and Saudi A.A.A.
In a statement, the Helium Group and the Saudi Arabian-Americans are discussing Saudi Arabia’s intention to purchase from the Helium Group 10% plus 1% of the company’s issued equity. At the same time, the Helium Group will support and motivate the company (and/or its control)
The parties involved cooperate strategically with the Saudi Arabian (and/or controlling parties) in the supply of crude oil, the supply of raw materials, the purchase of products, and the licensing of technology.
Industry continues to promote deep cooperation, sustaining good trade momentum or creating good behaviour, keeping in mind that corporate performance is accompanied by a gradual recovery of the economy and investment in new materials with high value added, net return to the mother (millions of dollars)
Roe (belonging to parent company) (sharebook) (1) introduces the risk of uncertainty in the implementation of war pitches; (2) changes in crude oil prices affect corporate gains and benefits: (3) risk of low end demand: (4) risk of project construction below expected risk:
(5) Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: (6) There is a risk of net profit being spread: (7) Helium petrochemicals released its first quarter report of 2024 on 22 April 2024, and the company ' s operating income of 2024q1 was 58.390 billion yuan, an increase of 4.00 per cent and a decrease of 5.33 per cent in the ring ratio; and a net return profit of 2,139 million yuan, an increase of 109.80 per cent.
The company ' s continuous repair of 2024q1 performance is in line with expectations. In recent years, the company has continued to improve the configuration of various chemical products, which has been accompanied by a recovery in demand for final consumption since 2024, a rapid recovery in the performance of 2024q1 major products, thanks to its 20 million tons/year crude oil processing capacity and the enrichment of chemical production.
The price of 2024q1 crude oil was high, and the price of Brent crude oil futures has averaged $83.21 per barrel since the beginning of the year. Meanwhile, the price of coal has fallen since 2024, with the price of 2024q1 coal having averaged 901.74 yuan per tonne, a decrease of 20.12 per cent compared to the same period, a decline of 5.84 per cent in the ring, optimization of the cost of raw materials with the company ' s premium, and refining of the integration project ' s Mäori water.
At the same time, the price differentials have been repaired as the end demand continues to be repaired. The px-former oil price differentials have been maintained at a high level, with 2024q1px-former oil prices exceeding RMB 3180.22 per tonne, 3.23 per cent wider than the previous year, the ring being 3.79 per cent wider, and the overall value of the margin remains high. The company currently has 20 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity and 5.2 million/year px capacity, refining the oil.
The continued strength of the plate is expected to support the company’s sustained recovery of its performance. 2024 year demand for the chemical carbide remains in the state of grinding, 2024q1 polyolefins – the original oil price difference of $2857.94 / consumer demand for industrial products continues to warm, the price of stacked coal raw materials falls, the chemical plate is profitable or will continue to be repaired, public
The company ' s major focus projects will begin their peak phase of production in 2024, and will be implemented at the top of sophisticated chemicals, optical films, electrons, lithium cell diaphragms, battery electrolysis fluids, composite cumulus membranes, photovoltaic background panel membranes, etc.
(c) The industrial chain and coal industry-related products will be further improved, and the production of fine chemicals and new materials is expected to boost public interest.
Helium petrochemical Holdings Company Ltd. has signed a memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia, where the Helium Group and Saudi Arabia are discussing the intention of Saudi Aramco (or its controlling parties) to acquire shares of 10% +1 shares of the company ' s issued equity capital from Saudi Arabia and that the Helium Group will support and promote the company (and/or its controlling parties) with Saudi Arabia (and/or its controlling parties).
Saudi and Chinese enterprises continue to promote deep cooperation, sustain good trade momentum between the two sides, and create good complementarities. 1) Introduction of the risk of uncertainty in the implementation of war ventures: the current Memorandum of Understanding is only intended documents and actual implementation is not.
2) Crude oil price movements influence corporate profitability calculations: geopolitical events such as the Middle East conflict, the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of the Iran-Iraq nuclear agreement and the lifting of the sanctions in Venezuela and the resulting uncertainty at the end of the supply chain, disrupting the global crude oil market; at the same time, the Fed increased interest rate or boosted a strong dollar index, which is usually a negative trend in crude oil prices, and the Fed currency
Policies or disruptions to crude oil prices: 3) End demand risk: the company ' s operating income comes mainly from the sale of finished oils and petrochemical products, some of which are cyclical in nature and have a downside risk in the industry.
(iv) Project construction is less than expected: multiple projects are under construction, such as projects that are not progressing as expected, or that are right.
(5) Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, while revenue-side settlements are dominated by renminbi, daily operations require purchase of dollars, sale of yuan, completion of settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or negative impact on company performance; 6) there is a risk of net profit being spread: once the new material is marketed, the financial position and profitability will continue to be reflected
In the company ' s consolidated statements, the company ' s net profit from the benefits of the new material is likely to be spread out.) The risk of force majeure. Appendix: Summary of the projections of the three statements
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market