The company's own strengths and regenerative resonance, with an emphasis on shareholder returns, highlight the events: Helium Stone published its annual report for 2023 on the night of 9 April 2024. In 2023, the business landscape improved and the company's business performance improved significantly.
In 2023, in our view, the company's business performance improved mainly from cost-side stress relief and downstream demand recovery.
See, in 2023, crude oil prices sustained a medium-high shock, Brent crude oil prices averaged $82.49 per barrel, corresponding to 16.72 per cent, and the cost of purchasing crude oil from the company’s main raw materials was 14.9 per cent, coal. The cost of purchasing was 21.2 per cent.
The demand for the finished oil market has been boosted by a marked increase in the profitability of the refined oil plates, which, according to the National Statistical Office, have been marked by agglomeration in the industry, with aromatic hydrocarbons showing apocalypse, but are still weak due to the depth of the real estate market adjustment; and, on the fibre optic side, with the reduced impact of the epidemic, the line has been reduced.
From a cost perspective, the company owns \triangleright.
The “coal, oil, chemical” integration platform has 12 million tons of heavy oil processing capacity, representing 60 per cent of annual crude oil processing, and its crude oil procurement costs are even lower; at the same time, the company provides 250,000 tons of scarce pure hydrogen material at a low cost per year through its own coal-based hydrogen plant; in addition, the company owns 520mw.
In terms of product structure, the Department has 5.2 million tons of px and 1.2 million tons of pure benzene, which, according to our calculations, is up to 26%. According to the data from the public information industry, it is expected to add a new px capacity in 2024-2026.
In the context, px profits are still strong, while corporate aromatics products are relatively high, and their profitability is still high.
In mid-year, the company ' s 440 million m2 of lithium diaphragm production and 300,000 t/year adipic acid project became operational, Huezhou ' s 5 million tons pta project became fully operational and 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin project became operational.
In the third quarter, incremental production is still being released in 2023. For the future, the company's incremental capacity is derived mostly from new chemical material products with high performance and high value added. In the case of high-end polyester membrane, the company produces 600,000 tons of functional polyester membranes, functional membranes and 3 billion square metres per year.
Lithium diaphragm project will be put into production line-by-line in the second half of 2024, with the production of 800,000 tons of functional polyesters per year and the production of the film and plastics project phase one by 2024; 450,000 tons/year pbs are expected to be phased in in the first half of 2024 on the face of degradable plastics; and in high performance.
In terms of resins, the annual production of 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin will be fully operational in the second quarter of 2024. We believe that companies not only have a large platform for coal, oil, and gas integration, but also continue to extend the industrial chain to enhance the high-value-added attributes of the product, with future expectations in terms of cost and product structure.
The company enhances shareholder returns and the value of long-term investments is high. According to the company announcement, the year 2023 is a full year.
The company intends to find a gold dividend of RMB 5.50 per 10 shares of all shareholders, and the combined share found that a high percentage of the dividends further strengthens shareholder returns and achieves a dynamic balance between business development, performance growth and shareholder returns, with a strong long-term investment value.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We forecast the company's net return profits for the period 2024-2026 at a \triangleright growth rate, respectively, and maintain a “buy-in” rating for the company.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; less than expected profit from polyester fibres \triangleright risk; risk of excess refining capacity; lower than expected risk of new production capacity; proposed fragmentation
The new material has been re-listed at a slower pace than expected. Kwang Ming, a doctor from the Chinese University of Mines, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a deputy general manager from the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, a member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee, and a former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, head of the Xinda energy petrochemical plate, doctor, formerly an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, member of the China Environmental Science Council ' s carbon peak carbon middle and professional committee, research on energy transformation, carbon neutralization, petrochemical industry development, etc., led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and participated in policy papers related to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in national ministries and departments
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. In July 2022, he joined the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.