In the evening of April 22, 2024, Helium petrochemicals issued its first quarter report for 2024. In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved a gross operating income of $58.412 billion, an increase of 4.02 per cent, a decline in the ring.
Cost and supply and demand fundamentals have improved, and corporate performance has continued to grow. In the first quarter of 2024, the company \triangleright performed well and further improved its profitability. We believe that corporate performance has continued to improve.
From the cost side, the basics of supply and demand have improved. At the cost end, the Bronx/barrells in the first quarter of 2024 have decreased by about 1% over the same period and the crude oil purchase costs of the company have remained stable; at the same time, they have benefited from the lowest coal prices, where the cost of the company's coal purchases was significantly better than in the same period last year.
(a) The average rate of growth has fallen by 25 per cent on the same basis, and the co-opting company’s unique competitive advantage in the refining industry has eased the cost-side pressure. On the supply side, the supply side is relatively stable in terms of demand, given the low productivity growth in the refining industry in 2023;
At the end, one quarter benefits from spring holidays, a significant increase in the movement of people, high demand for travel, and a marked increase in the consumption of finished oil; in chemical products, benefits from the adjustment brought about by the consumption of finished oil; in oil demand, accumulated industry supply increases are limited; aromatic plates remain relatively high, overall.
Based on the layout of the Great Chemical Platform, the potential for growth in the performance of new materials is to be expected. This year, the Department produces 600,000 tons of functional polyester film, functional film, and 3 billion m2 of lithium diaphragm.
The project is expected to start on a line-by-line basis in the second half of the year; the production of 800,000 tons of per function polyester membrane and plastics per year is also expected to reach production in the year; the production of 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin per year will be fully operational in the second quarter of the year.
Engineering plastics, high-end detergents, etc. According to the Central petrochemical Institute, there are still significant imports into the country in the areas of high-performance resins, high-performance engineering plastics, high-performance membrane materials, and the company will focus in the future on the development of high-end polyolefins, special-purpose resins, special engineering plastics.
A memorandum of understanding was signed with Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia to introduce a new chapter on cooperation in the war.
A memorandum of understanding has been signed between the Holdings and Al-Ammy, the main component of which is Sindh Securities Inc., which includes: (1) Saudi Al-Ammy intends to acquire 10% of Helium Pulse's issued equity capital from the Helium Group.
"Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. plus a share; (2) The Helium Group will support and promote Helium petrochemicals and Saudi Ame at 9th Al-Hall Street in the West Side of the former Beijing City.
Strategic cooperation in the areas of oil supply, raw materials supply, product acquisition, technology licensing, etc. We believe that strategic cooperation with domestic refining enterprises in the Middle East has continued to deepen since 2023 and that this time, after the completion of Saudi Arabian-American strategic investment, companies have opened up channels for the supply of raw materials and the sale of products.
There is scope for promising new opportunities, such as technical cooperation, and growth in performance. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we predict that corporate net return profits will accelerate growth in 2024-2026, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of less than expected profitability of polyester fibres; the risk of excess refining capacity; the risk of less than expected completion of new production capacity; and the expected pace of re-marketing of new materials to be dismantled.
Mr. Zhang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hongqin, head of the Sunda Energy Pulsification Block, doctor, formerly an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, and China ' s environmental science.
Member of the carbon-spiriting committee, working on energy transformation, carbon-neutralization, and petrochemical industry development studies.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.