In the evening of April 22nd, Helium petrochemicals published a quarterly report for 2024 and made it operational.
Incident II: On the evening of 22 April, Helium petrochemicals issued a memorandum of understanding between the shareholders and the firm ' s price of the saudiarabian company in comparison with the trend of 300 depths of the oilcompany.
• Cost-side stress mitigation demand recovery, significant recovery in the profit-making index on a year-on-year basis, 11.16 per cent Māori in the first quarter of 2024, and cost increases in the sales/management/financial cost ratio in the first quarter of 2024
Despite the fact that the spring factors influence a certain amount of sales, the performance of 2024q1 has increased significantly over the same period, mainly due to several factors: on the one hand, the demand of q1 chemicals downstream is boosted by the cost side of crude oil, the support effect is evident, the price of the aromatic hydrocarbons is boosted, the price of the aromatic hydrocarbons, the finished oils, and the price of some of the coalified industrial products.
The second is a small increase in the ring of crude oil compared to the fourth quarter, resulting in a certain amount of raw stock gain. The third is a reduction in pressure from the four main raw materials of coal/butadiol/oil/px in the first quarter. We believe that crude oil will remain at a medium-high tremor, px throughout the year.
• With the advantage of platforming costs, new material projects are fully flowered.
New material production is growing in the future, based on a well-smelled cash flow, sustained increases in capital spending by companies, and a significant improvement in the performance of companies throughout the year.
The advantages and years of research and development have accumulated, choosing new materials such as high-end scrubbers that are currently scarce in the country, 2. Significant warming performance, smelting taps of resilience, functional film, degradable materials, new energy chemicals, etc., to speed up "crack necks."
The company currently has 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin and new materials in its proposed projects.
Phased production in the third quarter of 2023, with full production expected in the second quarter of 2024), the 800,000 tons functional polyglycerine film/plastic project in Lake (lined production started in 2023 and expected to be fully produced in the second half of 2024), and the 3 billion square metres lithium diaphragm project (phase I)
Projects such as experimental production began in 2024 are moving forward. As products are released, green innovation is breaking out, corporate industrial chains are integrated, model costs are low, and production technology industry leads the way, and industry leads the way.
• Holding Saudi Ame in hand, deepening cooperation to open up room for imagination, based on the terms of the memorandum of understanding signed between the shareholders in the company's holding shares and Saudi Arabia's saudiarabianoilcompany, the two sides are discussing: (1) Saudi Ame (or its control).
(b) The Helium Group will support and promote the supply of crude oil and raw materials between the company (and/or its controlling parties) and Saudi Arabian (and/or controlling parties)
Cooperation in the areas of supply, product underwriting, technology licensing, etc. This initiative helps to deepen cooperation between the two sides, guarantee the stability and continuity of the company’s cooperation in the purchase and sale of oil and other raw materials, while technical licensing cooperation opens the way for further and deeper cooperation in other areas in the future.
As the refined cash flow stabilizes, its high-equity attributes rise. We appreciate the company’s ability to expand its size through capital spending, achieve strongness, and actively exploit new downstream materials and increase the product’s poorness, based on the advantage of a platform of all kinds of raw materials.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or make any changes in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be receiving any form directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.