q1's performance increased by the same ring, looking at the profit elasticity and forwards of the silicon tap (600346.sh) 240404
• 2024q1 net return to the mother has increased by a year-on-year margin, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The company issued its first quarterly report in 2024, with a revenue of 58.412 billion yuan, an increase of 4.02 per cent, a decrease of 5.34 per cent and a net return to the mother of 2,139 million yuan, an increase of 109.80 per cent and an increase of 77.68 per cent.
The elasticity of profits and the forward growth of new materials, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. • Demand reheating plus cost improvements, enabling company q1 performed very well. According to company announcements, 2024q1 performed very well, mainly because of the dominant aromatic chain px, pure benzene.
At the cost, the company announced a quarterly average price for crude oil and coal, the main raw materials of 2024q1.
In a set context, coal costs fall further, while the combined costs and structural advantages of the company’s “oil coalization” integration are further highlighted. Looking ahead, we believe that companies can fully enjoy their performance elasticity as a source of refining, followed by the continued recovery of bottom-down demand.
• Holding shareholders have signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Saudi Arabia, or have had a positive impact on the company’s long-term development.
The memorandum of understanding was signed by Teaumi. The main elements of the memorandum of understanding are: (1) Saudi Arabia ' s 2023 net return profit increased on a year-on-year basis.
Demand recovery and release of new material items - shares of 10 plus 1 shares in corporate letters; (2) The Heath Group will support and induce companies (and/or related parties under their control) to work with Saudi Arabians (and/or related parties under their control) in crude oil supply, raw material supply, product acquisition, technology
In 2023, there was a significant improvement in profits, new materials projects, etc. Strategic cooperation. We believe that, if this cooperation is finally successfully completed, it will not only facilitate steady progress - company information update report.
Optimizing corporate equity structures, upgrading corporate governance capabilities, and hopefully continuing to deepen their collaborative content in the petrochemical field, will have a positive impact on the company’s long-term development.
Step-by-step use of an updated corporate information report