The Daily Report of the Engineering and Mechanical Industry in 2017.
Pang Jinli, Xiaoming, thinking about the underperformance of the 3rd and 1st jobs.
The 3rd Round Work announcement achieved a return of $19,208 million in January-June 2017, an increase of 71.2 per cent, and a net return of $1,160 million, an increase of 740.9 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in the sales of various products of engineering machinery in January-June 2017, which served as a target unit for block taps, and the first half of the year in which the income and other benefits of the 3rd Round-Short Worker were largely as expected, but the net profit of the parent was lower than market expectations, and the expected deviation was still guided by the balance sheet ' s repressive factors on the profit sheet.
q2 net relic ratio declined in stock, loss on exchange, R & D inputs, and sales of whole-line products increased significantly on a year-on-year basis. q2 crop yields increased by a percentage point on a year-on-year basis, mainly because (1) q2 concentrated on high-storage products worth $500-60 million, stocks, including concretes worth about $300 million, machinery for stumps of about $200 million, cranes of about $100 million, and sales of this product at a lower price reduced the overall M & A rate. (2) Corporate internationalization process
Higher, higher overseas sales, higher revenues in United States dollars, higher exchange losses in the first half of the year, especially the continued depreciation of the q2 dollar-denominated income and assets of the company, at about $130 million higher than q2; (3) higher R & D innovation by companies, at $100 million higher than q2 R & D costs, resulting in a 25.34 per cent increase in q2 management costs; and a doubling of sales costs in the first half of the year, mainly due to the warming of the market to increase inputs into marketing networks and dealers
The rise in steel prices, the concentration on concrete cell phones, and exchange rate fluctuations have led to a decline in some of the products. Sub-products: sales of whole-line products have been significantly greater than 2.5, and the increase in steel prices has largely synchronized to affect the product ' s Māori ratio: q2 concentrates on concrete cell phones, changes in net profits of diggers ' subsidiaries, and exchange rate influences have led to a decline in the ratio of māori to concrete machines and excavators.
In the first half of 2017, the company enhanced the management and control of accounts receivable, inventories and costs and optimized the financial structure. The rate of turnover of accounts receivable rose from 0.52 to 1.04 in the same period of the previous year, and the rate of inventory turnover increased from 1.41 to 2.15 in the same period of the previous year; and the cost rate of the period decreased significantly by 6.3 percentage points, with financial costs declining by 14.7 per cent compared to the same period of the previous year, and administrative costs as a proportion of sales income in the previous year.
During the same period, the net cash flow of operating activities decreased by 3.5 percentage points; the net cash flow of operating activities increased by $5,894 million, or 279.2 per cent over the same period, and the cash flow continued to improve, with a proposed allocation of 0.2 per cent per 10 shares. q2 asset impairment losses fell by 20.65 per cent against the q1 ring, with a reduced impact on net profits, and the loss of impairment of assets was mainly due to bad debt preparation. The company ' s reserve rate for bad debts for the first half of the year was 10 per cent, and the risk was contained by last year and this year ' s bad debt preparation.
In the first half of 2017, the impact of future impairment losses on corporate net profits is expected to decrease. Three-in-one asset surges, increased inventory disposal, bad debt preparation, enhanced repayment, improved quality of business, reduced asset impairment losses, and a smooth opening of overseas markets.
In the long run, as assets, such as receivables and inventory, are impaired and cleaned up, the company’s future profits continue to be released. Market competition has increased, exchange rates have fluctuated and investment in fixed assets has declined significantly.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years in comparison with the average value of the listed companies in the industry.