The short-term is good for the mid-term leap, but in the medium-term it's still good for roe.
▪ Income growth is in line with expectations, with excavators making a significant contribution, the number one in the world, +32 per cent, or 34 per cent; digging machines, $6.9 billion, and seven companies in the domestic market, $700 million, or +44 per cent, or 4 per cent; and plant machines, $1.5 billion, or the same.
The ratio of +226% to 8%. Q1 is expected to treat the crane masters at the end of their age, while q2 accelerates the processing of the concrete machinery long-age machines affect the Māori ratio. In comparison, 2017h1 combines Māori at 29.8%, and +2.65 ptc, the ratio is equal to the ratio.
The increase in the company’s overall Māori rate is largely due to size effects; the company still maintains the increase in Māori rates despite the general rise in raw materials such as steel and steel in the first half of the year.
The main legacy of the peak sales of the previous cycle was in concrete machinery and cranes, and we judged the progress of the storage system from the quarterly Māori rate changes. The ratio of the dots rose significantly, suggesting that the stocking machines had been largely cleaned up.
Māori rate. After last year’s transfer of concrete mechanical plates to some group claims and accelerated processing in the first half of the year, the risk is expected to be released more fully.  Cost during the period affected by the sales cost rate and exchange gains/losses, with an increase in asset impairments on the same basis
Long-term dilution and significant reductions in financial costs are mainly due to a significant decline in the size of corporate borrowing and a decrease in interest and expenditure (the exchange loss of q2 in exchange gains and losses on financial costs is 130 million more than q1).
Net cash flows from operating activities of 2017h amounted to $5.9 billion, an increase of 279 per cent in the same year, well above the 71 per cent increase in income. The balance of corporate receivables was $18.6 billion, and in the case of an increase of q2 of $9.8 billion in sales, 1.3-plus workers: H2 sales would remain high.
At the end of June 2017, the corporate asset liability rate was 58%, a decrease of 4.1pc from the beginning of the year, and cash outflows from fund-raising activities in the first half of the year were mainly to repay bank loans. Compared with the same period in the previous year, the growth in corporate flows and the recovery in profitability will be more than expected.
Power has improved considerably, and the company’s financial structure has become more robust. With corporate profitability and operating capacity, and a change of 2.3-plus workers: 70-per-cent debt, the average roe of 2017h is 4.95 per cent, a significant increase from 0.60 per cent in the same period last year.
Five, "Foreign Forces" for the future.
Overall, revenue reporting in the 31st year meets expectations, profitability, particularly the Māori rate, affects net profits, corporate balance sheets are still in the process of being repaired, and following the completion of balance sheet repairs this year, 4. Engineering machinery: diggers continue to grow at a high rate.
“Increased” ratings have been maintained for the 3rd and 1st jobs, and 17% and 17%.2018 are unchanged.) With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has an investment advisory committee on securities.