Performance growth driven by a strong scale, with a steady margin of interest, the Hangzhou Bank's three-quarterly performance rating in 2024.
Hangzhou Bank (stock code: 600926), with high performance rate and robust profitability: January-September 2024, with company operating income of $28,494 million, an increase of 3.87 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $1.38.7 billion, an increase of 18.63 per cent over the same period; impairment
At the end of September, the public sector was in the middle of the year, with the company’s loans growing by 12.77% compared to the end of the previous year.
The Department increased public loans by 15.82 per cent from the end of the previous year, representing an increase of 1.77 percentage points compared to the end of the previous year.
At the end of the month, the balance of the balance of the assets of Hwang's treasury was $42.336 billion, an increase of 12.33% from the end of the previous year; the aum size was $57.5896 billion, an increase of 11.3% from the end of the previous year, and the company's other non-interest income was $7,293 million, the first in the industry.
Investment recommendations: The company is based in Hangzhou, deep-deep, and actively expands to the long triangle, with significant advantages in location. The “two, two, five” strategic plan is clear, and is geared towards a shift from product orientation to client orientation, from scale to efficiency.
Micro-growth, wealth management business is expanding steadily. Assets are of excellent quality, and there is sufficient risk offset capacity. Combining company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we maintain a “recommended” rating, 2024-2026 bvps, figure 7: Hangzhou Bank lending structure
Figure 8 Size and rate of increase of Hangzhou bank deposits Figure 9 Hangzhou bank deposit structure Figure 10 Hangzhou bank non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase
Figure 11: Other non-interest income of Hangzhou Bank, returns on investment and speed of increase
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.