China Banking Industry (a-share)banks 24q3 Performance Review of Hangzhou Bank: good profitability and quality
Cho Qiñicolezhou, cfa hot speed evaluation flashanalysis (pleaseeappendix1forenglishsummary)
Hangzhou Bank published three-quarterly performance reports in 2024. The 24q3 quarter received the same ratio +0.9% and the return net profit was the same rate +15.1% and the 24q1-3 registered the same rate +3.9%.
(a) the shares held by the company are not transferred within three years of the date on which the company ' s first publicly released a share is traded on the stock exchange; (b) the company ' s first publicly issued a share is transferred no more than 15 per cent of the total shares per year after the three-year period on the stock exchange; and (c) the company ' s first publicly issued a share is transferred to the Ministry within five years of the expiration of the three-year period on the stock exchange.
The total number of shares does not exceed 50 per cent of the total number of such shares. \triangleright increases public and private loans, contributes mainly to the increase in public loans, increases in the proportion of term deposits relative to the ring, and is more marked by the periodicization of business deposits.
\triangleright \triangleright 24q1-3 net fees and commission revenues were reduced by a narrow margin of -8.1% over the same period.
\triangleright hangzhoubankreleeditsfinanciorresourcesfor24q3.revenueforthequarterincreasedby0.9% yoy, andnetprofitattributtables(netincome)grewby 15.1% yoy.forthefirststreamquattersof 2024, revenueinreasedby 3.9%oy, whillenet
You've got to do it. Thecoretier 1 capitaladéquacyratioroseby 0.45 pctyoyto 8.76%. Hangzhoubanksannouncedaninterim intheshortterm, hangzhoubankmayfacepressationforstrapricepulback, Butitsstrangefundamentalcoudcontinue \triangleright
I don't know what you're talking about, torivelong-termperformance.
I mean, I've got to be honest with you, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to do it for you.
Overdueloanratedecreased.netfeeandcommissionincommission 24q1-3decreasedby 8.1% year-on-year, buttheateof declinehasnarrowed.appendix