High profit growth and asset quality 22 October 2024 Event: On 21 October, Hangzhou Bank issued a 24q3 financial statement and published the medium-term profit distribution for 2024
Programs. 28.490 billion yuan, yoy+3.9%, for 24q1-3; net profit for mothers, 1.87 billion yuan, lower investment returns, and lower revenue growth. Hangzhou Bank, 24q1-3 registered 3.9% growth in the same year. \triangleright \triangleright
The net interest income continued to pick up, with a narrow harvest and a slower growth in other non-interest income. The net interest income, median and other non-interest income of 24q1-3 was close to the increase in net interest income and non-interest income of companies in the previous three quarters, supported by net interest on the one hand by growth in size.
On the other hand, there was a strong policy at the end of the third quarter, with debt-market restructuring of companies with 24q1-3 investments increasing by 27.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a 27.5 pct decline from 24h1 to limit non-interest income performance.
The profits continue to increase at a higher rate. Hangzhou Bank’s 24q1-3 return net profit increased by 18.6% over the year, by 1.4 pct below \triangleright 24h1, by 3.5% over the year before the provision, by 1.9 pct below 24h1, end of expenditure
The bank of Hangzhou has 24q1-3 total assets, total loans, deposits.
\triangleright people ' s deposits continue to expand better, while the trend towards periodicization continues, with regular public and personal deposits assessed on a 24-year quarterly basis: high profit growth and sustained asset quality
The rate of poor performance is flat and the provision coverage is high.
3. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) fast-track performance report for 23h1
Hangzhou Bank, which is mainly active in the long triangle and the country's front-line cities, with a strong regional economic base, a firm's deep-farming industry, has achieved better financial results, has shown greater resilience to growth in public and private credit, and its subsequent high-scale expansion is expected to continue, supporting the performance of net interest earnings; poor rates operate at a long-term low rate, with high levels of security and anti-breeding.
\triangleright Figure 1: Hangzhou Bank ' s performance as at 24q3 increased on a year-on-year basis (cumulative) Figure 2: Hangzhou Bank ' s net interest income as at 24q3 and net fee income increased on a year-on-year basis (cumulative)
Figure 3. Hangzhou Bank ' s other non-interest-bearing income as at 24q3 increased on a year-to-year basis (cumulative) Figure 5: Hangzhou Bank ' s public loans as at 24q3 and individual loans increased on a year-to-year basis Figure 6: Hangzhou Bank ' s total liabilities as at 24q3 and deposits increased on a year-to-year basis
Figure 7: Hangzhou Bank deposit structure as of 24q3 Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.