The deep adjustment has been successful, and it has been mixed with the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incidents: In recent years, we have conducted a study of the five grain fluids and interacted with the company's management. . ..the high-end wines were the first to recover, the low-end prices continued to rise, and the five grains of the fluids were the most expensive.) This round of the white wine industry was warmed, the high-end wines were the first to recover, and during the adjustment period the cards were shuffled, and the five-grain cellars were established in the high-end white wine market.
It's more difficult in the short term to overtake the poo table, but second place, driven by the double demand for end consumption and pipeline stock, the price of the poo shop rose rapidly from the beginning of the year, while achieving the end-consistency sales. In 2017, the company continued to control the price, reducing the supply in the P5 plan.
Mainly in terms of product structure and marketing patterns: 1) product structure optimization: maintain the “1+5+n” branding strategy of building five food springs, five grains, five grain heads, five grains, five grains, five grains specials, five products of the soft and cutting-edge core series and building full-priced products while maintaining the market position of high-end product core brands
Lines to meet consumer demand for multi-layered products. Price recovery is now good, alcohol series is growing rapidly, and it is expected to become a new growth pole. 2) Marketing paradigm change: a weak channel for changing the “sitting” model, companies are actively restructuring their distributors, adopting a “strength-out” strategy and nurturing them.
There has been a significant improvement in the efficiency of the management of capable core firms, which have eliminated small market-competitive distributors, and turned into a direct distribution system of “firm-to-business, commercial-to-small-to-business” companies. At the same time, companies have established seven major marketing centres, three series of alcohol marketing companies across the country, with decentralized, managed and decentralized channels.
The share of circulation a (millions of shares) sinkes, pre-services, and strengthens market control. Companies are now working on Internet marketing systems to improve the level of precision management and capacity of the five channels.
• The dynamic of change is expected to continue the faster growth trend. This change will have a positive impact on the company’s failure to develop: 1) by tying employee interests to the company and promoting motivation and cohesion through the ownership of staff and management; 2) through the ownership of the dealer, the level of solidarity between the good distributors and the company has increased effectively.
While eliminating practices that undermine corporate interests, such as moving goods, and further enhancing cooperation to consolidate and open up national markets; (3) Additional Investment Projects will effectively enhance the company ' s ability to fine-tune the market, complement the company ' s short-run business, and market model changes are expected to contribute to faster growth on a sustained basis.
The company is expected to continue its faster growth trend over the next three years, with the current valuation being less than 20 times lower and with a high security margin, moving up to the “buy-in” rating.
In Sichuan, a famous product known as "the town of famous wine" and a prominent representative of the strong white wine, the company has won its national title four times. On the basis of its commitment to core product XV, the system has developed different varieties of ol, ol, ecclesiaste, curvature, silicon, and different tastes that satisfy different regions.
The company now owns the production capacity of more than 400,000 tons of annual cooking fluids and a series of wines. It is the world's largest brewing base, known as the "China Liquor King." The F5 is a high-end white wine watch, selling products to dozens of countries and regions around the world, and it has many distinctions, both at sea and abroad.
The company’s main business structure: in mid-16, the company generated 94% of the revenue from alcohol and another 6% from plastics and lower income from printing and bottling. In Maori composition, alcohol contributed 99% of the income from Maori.
At the end of 2012, as a result of three public consumption restrictions and anti-corruption efforts, government consumption was significantly reduced, demand for high-end alcohol fell sharply, and prices of high-end alcohol, such as the huts and the five-food fluids, were cut off.
The difference in the price of the five grains has taken a significant share of the high-end liquor market. Business income and net return profits in 2013 were equal to 9.1%, 19.8%, the size of the harvest was exceeded for the first time and performance in 2014 fell again. During the industry adjustment period, there were price reversals in the core product of the five grains, and companies were caught in a growth trap. After more than two years of deep adjustment and re-routing, companies moved.
The company is expected to start a new round of rapid growth as the blending program lands. 2 high-end wines are at the forefront of the recovery, low-end prices continue to rise, and five grains of liquid are well-regulated.
2.1 The industry is warming, high-end alcohol is leading the recovery, and this round of alcohol recovery is characterized by a clear “weak recovery, strong differentiation” and high-end alcohol is taking the lead. Unlike the past, “one glory”, this time there is a marked differentiation in the performance of the white industry at different levels. High-end white wine is taking the lead.
At the same time, high-end white wine market concentration has been further enhanced by shuffling. The high-end white wine market has been further consolidated with strong brand power and over-hard quality, and its advantages have increased and sales and prices have recovered. Other brands together accounted for 29% of the high-end white wine market in 2012 and have fallen to 5% by 2015, a total of 5%.
Most of the second-line brands are out of competition in high-end markets. In the future, the high-end liquor market will be a constant pattern of strong players, with five grains of fluids that are less likely to exceed the poo table in the short term, but with a stable second position, the gap is expected to be gradually reduced.
This round of white wine has been adjusted to increase the share of high-end alcohol from 26% in 2012 to 55% in 2015, and to take a large amount of less than $800 a bottle at the lowest point in the year, a sharp reduction in price differentials from $1,300 to less than $600 per bottle. The low-level pricing strategy is more attractive for high-end alcohol consumers.
In the longer term, the price of the P5 has been reversed and the interests of distributors have suffered less, with serious implications for corporate development. In 2016, driven by the dual demand for end-of-end consumption and pipelines to replenish stocks, the market has been strained by supply and demand, and prices and terminal prices have continued to grow.
Upgraded, the prices rose from $840 to around $1,100 at the beginning of the year, with the end price in some areas exceeding $1,200. The huge shortfall in supply and demand that has not arrived at the huts will drive the price up, which will also create an opportunity for the development of the five grains.
Up to $739, while the terminal is selling at a favourable price. Supply in 2017 was reduced by 25%, control was continued, and the price strategy continues, and P5 prices are expected to continue on the upward trend next year.
3 Adjustments have been effective, mixed to add momentum, and the 3.1 depth adjustment of the sustainable growth of the five grains has been effective, with a significant improvement in business performance
During the period of continuous restructuring in the white and wine industry, companies optimized their product structure, adapting their development strategies to the “1+5+n” branding strategy. While maintaining the market position for high-end products, the five-food spring, five-food-headings, five-food-captures, and five-stardly, soft and cutting-edge core series of products were built to provide full-priced product lines to meet consumer demand for multi-level products.
The P5 series, which includes P5 low and P5 low and P5 with more than 90% of P5 is the company’s most core product. During the adjustment period, the price of P5 failed to strengthen, resulting in a fall in the overall price of the P5 fluid, which is now hampered by the development of a series of wines.
The company’s plan to reduce P5 by 25% in 2017 continued its counter-price strategy, promoting price recovery and upswing. High-end alcohol is constrained by production capacity and entrenched competition patterns, making it difficult to jump in the short term.
The middle-end series of liquor products is expected to contribute to the company’s new income-earning growth point. The five-fried cash-side strategy, which brings out a range of pro-people products, such as soft and sharp, five-food specials and five-food-headings, has had a better market response. For a wine-packing development strategy, the company has set up a series of wine marketing companies, the Five-Standy marketing companies, the Five-Stander marketing company, the Five-Standy-Stander marketing company, the Five-Stander marketing company.
The Division’s three main series of liquor companies are actively promoting the independent marketing of the company’s five major series of wine brands. In 2016, the Liquor Series has completed its sales goals ahead of schedule, with a future sword of 10 billion dollars, and will be an important growth pole for the five grain companies.
The long-standing “steering” system has led to a multiplicity of distributors and weak company market terminal control, which has led to frequent problems of “stealing” and “price overhang” during the adjustment period. In 2014, companies began to adjust the distribution structure, adopting a “strength-and-weak” strategy to foster the development of capable core players and to eliminate those who lack market competitiveness.
Some small distributors, to streamline the number of teams and optimize the combination of teams. At the same time, the channel has been transformed into a direct distribution system “from the company directly managing the core distributors, with the remaining distributors turning to the distributors taking the goods from the core distributors.” Corporate management of the distributors has been highly efficient, and in line with the efficient operation of the direct distribution model, the company has set up China North, China East, South China, China, South China, South West, North West and East.
In addition, in early 2015, the company re-established the “Five Divisions” and set up three series of liquor marketing companies, with decentralized, managed, sunk channels, pre-services, and enhanced control over the market. At the same time, the company actively embraced Internet power providers and entered into cooperative relations with electricity providers such as Kyundong, Suning, and the Wine Fairy Network.
The company is currently working on an Internet marketing system that will further improve the responsiveness of the F5 to customers’ needs and improve the level and capacity of the nuanced management of the F5 distribution channels by keeping track of end-sales, channel stocks, etc., in a timely fashion through big data.
3.2 The mixed change is expected to continue the faster growth trend. The successful completion of the company ' s targeted increase programme on 14 December marks the beginning of a substantial phase of the process. The company ' s private share of $8.225 million raised $1,854 million for information-based construction, marketing centres and service-based e-commerce.
The launch will be targeted capital management plans for the first phase of the P5S, the E2A, the Taikang Fund, the H5F, and the United States Agency for Aids. Following the old drying, the P5 became the second company in the white industry to implement reforms in the state business, and this mix-up will have a positive impact on the company’s future development.
Employees’ interests are tied to the company to promote motivation and cohesion. The company implements a plan for holding shares in the workforce and management to bind the interests of the employee to the company through the worker’s shareholding, divides the company’s development results, and enhances the sense of belonging and cohesion of the employee.
The introduction of good distributors and the consolidation of marketing channels through non-public distribution has enabled good distributors to have a dual identity as shareholders in the five grains, and the degree of solidarity between the distributors and the five grains can be effectively enhanced. On the one hand, by binding the interests of the distributors to the detriment of the company, and on the other hand, by working with the distributors to further consolidate and expand the national city.
Changes in marketing patterns are expected to continue to drive faster growth. Corporate management of marketing has long been a rougher model, but as the growth of the white wine industry has slowed competition, it is expected that it will continue to grow faster.
A sophisticated management of the market is a trend towards industrial development. Companies will be able to build up integrated capacities through three projects: information-based construction, marketing centres, and service-based e-business platforms.
The driving force behind the company’s future core development. 1) Assuming that the White Wine industry continues to recover, high-end white wine scenes are high, poo terminal prices are stable at more than $1,100 per bottle, 2) assuming that the company’s core product, P5 will be successful again in 2017, with prices raised to $759 per bottle, and finally
3) It is assumed that the company’s annual growth rate of more than 10% over the next three years will be guaranteed by the company’s liquor series. The downside risk of high-end white wine prices; and the company’s sale of alcohol series is not expected.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.