The industry is growing fast, the business is growing fast, Juddji, the research assistant Xu Wangyang.
• To benefit from the restructuring of the health-care catalogue and to actively explore the market at the grass-roots level, the pharmaceutical industry has been able to improve its capacity. China and the United States, with 201.8h1, earned $4.411 billion, an increase of 26.89 per cent, and a net profit of $1,058 million, an increase of 29.90 per cent.
Some 2.3 billion yuan in sales is expected to sustain steady growth; Acarbo sugar is adjusted from the health insurance category B to category A, the diabetes base is rising from year to year, and imports are expected to accelerate through a consistency assessment process; Acapose sugar is expected to increase by more than 30 per cent; and immune inhibitor product lines are expected to increase by more than 30 per cent due to medical conditions.
The company has stepped up its research and development efforts, with diabetic drugs as the basis for future product lines. The company has invested heavily in research and development, with $264 million in research and development for 2018h1, an increase of 60.57%.
The Division ' s future 1 billion grade heavy weight product is now in clinical iii; hd118 is undergoing i-clinic trials, Myvartini has completed i-clinic trials, 72-clinical ii trials are under way, glp-1 innovation drug tttp-273 has been completed and is scheduled to be declared clinically in 2018.
At the same time, the company plans to acquire the equity project of the publicly listed British company Sinclairpharmaplc in the field of medicine.
The business income of 2018h1 was $10.904 billion, an increase of 3.87 per cent in the same year, while the business Māori ratio showed an upward trend, with a Māori ratio of 7.50 per cent, an increase of 0.19 percentage points over the year 2017. At the same time, the cash flow of the company improved significantly, with the parent company operating at 2018h1.
The net cash flow was 56.9 million yuan, compared to 319 million yuan during the same period last year. The company’s pharmaceutical business was very large, Jiang province was a leader (about 20%), and in November 2017, Zhejiang province’s two-vote system was officially introduced, with corporate transfers affecting more than 1 billion yuan, but mainly at the end of the revenue line.
1 China East Medical Insight Report: Healthcare and Safety, which will benefit directly from future business concentration upgrading companies.
R & D expands the space for future development: billions and 3,552 million yuan, corresponding to 27.7 x, 21.9 x, 17.4 x, respectively. We believe that the adjustment of health insurance catalogues and the bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company's medicines and a rich stock of varieties.
2018,q1: Performance meets expectations, company development offers development potential in the future, company as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province, increased investment in research and development to enrich the product pipeline, and business.
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. The rate of growth in the impact of the policy is low.
This represents an increase of 7.87 per cent, a net return of 634 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 27.49 per cent in the same year, and an increase of 3.87 per cent in income. The net return to the company grew by 24.19 per cent compared to the previous year, with an increase of 23.50 per cent in the industrial end, mainly as a result of the adjustment of the company’s industrial plates to the health insurance catalogue, the location of provincial tenders and the sinking of the company’s channels.
As the company ' s high Māori varieties increase, sales are pre-arranged, and the marginal effect of future sales-wide inputs is gradually magnified, the profit rate is increasing, the company industry Māori rate is 86.88 per cent, the business Māori rate is 7.50 per cent, industry is increasing, leading to overall Māori rates and net interest rates rising to 30.40 per cent and 8.90 per cent, respectively.
Transfer operations (about 20 per cent of business income) have been lost in the Department ' s commercial section. Since 2018, the impact of the decline in commercial transfers has gradually diminished, and business growth in companies has not rebounded in the first half of the year, following the full implementation of the two-vote system, which has affected the transfer operations, including the gradual implementation of health insurance payments in Zhejiang province, and the national minimum price linkage for online traded products in the centralized procurement of medicines in the province.
2.1. The pharmaceutical industry: 100% of the capsules, Acarbo sugars have benefited from health insurance adjustments and expansion of the clinic, 2-line variety promotion + grass-roots promotion to sustain 100% growth. 100% of the capsules are transplanted from neocancer-assisted (Category B) restricted organs, resistant to discharge, kidney failure and lung fibrosis are adjusted to “bundone supplement”, free of assisted medication, 100% of the capsules.
In 2017, the scale of sales was estimated at around 2.3 billion, which is expected to sustain an increase of about 15 per cent. The Health Insurance Directory was adjusted to include the Acapo-Glus, which contributes to the grass-roots scale, and the consistency assessment process accelerated the import substitution. In February 2017, the new version of the Health Insurance was published, with Acapose rising from class B to class A, with a significant increase in the reimbursement rate and increased variety.
At the same time, the evaluation of the consistency of Acapo sugar tablets is progressing well and is now in the declaration phase, with consistent evaluation policies everywhere expected to accelerate the process of import substitution (currently 66% of public hospitals and 29% of companies). In the future, Acapo sugar has much room at the grass-roots level and in the community, and sales are expected to grow rapidly.
The overall growth rate is expected to be over 25%. There are more than a dozen drugs available in the domestic immunosuppressants market, with the top three currently in the city being Tecrmos, McKophenol and eptocin. The total sales of the immunosuppressants market have been increasing year by year, with 14.02% in 2017.
The market ratio has risen. Health-care cuts offer new growth points, and his Kemos overseas certification is expected to open up the international market. 2.2. Strengthen product development and extension, rich in corporate product reserves.
Six months ago, production approvals were successfully obtained: the commodela capsule, the Sigletin dichotomy, the production of which was declared. Right, the Lansola and the frozen dry powder needles were declared clinically and are currently in the review phase; and, with regard to the acquisition of a new 100-mg specification of the Akapo chewing chip, innovative medicines, the Myvartini has completed the i-clinical trial and is conducting a first 72-clinical ii trial.
Three-line and first-line rare genetic mutation clinical programme designs are almost complete, and large-scale multi-centre clinical trials are expected to take place in the second half of 2018: Hd118, a new drug of type Dpp-4 for type 2 diabetes, is undergoing i-clinic trials; oral glp-1 innovative drug tttp-273, introduced from vtv, USA, has been completed and is scheduled for 2018.
The Karpofin Net Plan declared production in the fourth quarter of 2018, the Anacrylic film completed the Be test, and the production was scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2018; the triad programme carried out the Be test and was scheduled to declare production by the end of 2018; the company also prepared clinical samples for various projects, such as the tragletine film, the Linenoxazine film, the Tacmos semen capsule, and the Caglia.
The priority product, Lilalupi, has almost completed a clinical study and plans to launch a national multi-centre clinical trial, and the ditesulin declaration of clinical approval is expected in the fourth quarter of 2018.
With regard to the consistency evaluation, the study on the consistency evaluation of Acapose and cytosone capsules was completed and formally submitted, the application for the consistency evaluation was accepted in April, and on-site verification of the bioequivalency test of Acapos is now completed.
At the same time, companies are planning to acquire equity projects from the United Kingdom’s listed company, Sinclairpharmaplc, in the field of medicine and the United States. The impact of the redeployments has been phased out, benefiting from an increased concentration of two votes, and it is expected that the company’s business will be counterproductive in the course of the year.
The same-year increase of 3.87 per cent was a decline in growth, while the commercial Māori ratio showed an upward trend, with a Māori ratio of 2018h1 of 7.50 per cent, an increase of 0.19 percentage points over the year 2017. At the same time, there was a marked improvement in corporate cash flows, with a net cash flow of 56.9 million yuan for the business of 2018h1 mothers, compared with $319 million for the same period last year.
The company’s pharmaceutical business was the leading (about 20%) in Zhejiang province, and in November 2017 the two-vote system was officially implemented, with the company’s transfer of more than $1 billion in business, but mainly at the revenue end. The company also stepped up the provincial layout, and the company’s failure to increase business concentration would benefit directly. The company’s target pharmaceutical business was sold to 30 billion in 2020.
With the exception of Hangzhou City, where commercial activity averaged more than 25 per cent of the market throughout the province, sales reached 50 billion in 2025 and profits were realized. In order to provide the potential for the future development of the company, the company, as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province, brought about policy.
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. The first-line product of 100% capsules, Acapose sugar, etc., is less widespread than expected; business integration is lower than expected; second-line variety unit promotion is lower than expected; grass-roots channels are less developed; and R&D is less advanced than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board