The industrial plate continues to grow faster, the commercial plate is expected to return gradually in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved business income of 15,325 million yuan, an increase of 8.76 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 1,293 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 24.19 per cent in the same year. On a quarterly basis, the company, 2018q2, achieved operating income of 7,488 million yuan. The same increase of 7.87 per cent: a net profit of 634 million yuan for the mother.
In the first half of 2018, the company’s industrial block achieved a point of income, according to its operations. In terms of products: 1) 100% of the capsules benefit from the construction of the otc channel, the expansion of the section, etc. Acapose is expected to grow by about 31%, and the company has now completed Acapose I.
(c) Total immunosuppressants are expected to receive more than 30 per cent of the increase, with Hecmos and cyclops benefiting from the expansion of the new Health Care Directory.
The growth rate of revenue from the commercial plate, which is affected by the “two votes” system, is slowing down and is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year. The company’s business plate achieved income of $10,904 million in the first half of 2018, a year-on-year increase due to the loss of corporate transfers due to the formal implementation of the “two votes” system in Zhejiang province.
It is argued that as a leading pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang province, the company has a commercial network and a deeply permeable network of grass-roots end-markets covering Zhejiang province. ... With policy influences such as the "two-vote system" ingesting and the company expanding the ratio of pure sales, the income growth of the business plate is expected to pick up gradually.
Increase in the company’s share in the pharmaceutical distribution market in Zhejiang province. Sustained increase in expenditure on R & D costs and introduction of high-quality overseas varieties. Total expenditure on R & D by companies in the first half of 2018 amounted to $264 million, a year-on-year increase.
Chinadong Medicines (000963), 2017 Annual Report Review: Industry - 30.03.2018. Oral glp-1 innovation drug introduced by the Division tttp-273 has been completed and is scheduled to be announced in 2018.
Beds: Remedial information studies are being carried out in net Capofin and Micafine, and new mellitus of the Capofin Net Plan 2018 The new inhibitor has been approved for clinical treatment, enriching the layout of the diabetic tubes - 04 0108
Production was declared in the fourth quarter of the year; Anatole selenium was tested and declared in the fourth quarter of 2018: a clinical study has now been completed and a follow-up study is about to be launched. The company has established two new pharmaceutical science offices, in Boston and Silicon Valley, in the United States, and continues to operate.
Cooperation on investment targets consistent with the strategic development of the company addresses related work such as the introduction of research on new pharmaceutical projects, and is planning to acquire the equity of the United Kingdom company Sinclairpharma plc, a publicly listed company in the field of medical beauty.
More than 30%, we believe that companies are researching a wealth of products and actively introducing high-quality products abroad, which provides a driving force for long-term growth in the performance of companies. Industrial policy risks such as double-ticketing, lower pricing of medicines, etc.; and sales of priority products below expectations;
Product R & D is less advanced than expected Long-term benefits from health-care catalogue adjustments, and industrial plates are expected to maintain faster performance growth; 2) In terms of product abundance, companies continue to promote new drug research and development and increase their investment in research and development in the long term for the public
The Division's growth in performance provides a driving force: 3) With regard to the business sector, companies are actively expanding the net sales ratio, and income growth is expected to recover. For the next six months, the “uptake” rating will be maintained.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.