Chinese medicine (000963); rapid growth of industrial plates with performance in line with expectations; recommended (first time) pharmaceutical organisms
During the reporting period, companies continued to push down sales channels, enhancing the development of grass-roots markets, generating $4,421 million in industrial plates, an increase of 23.50 per cent.
Company fundamentals (update) and conformity evaluation studies have been completed, and product alignment evaluations are expected to speed up the competition patterns of product lines (cyclosultanene, whether to replace McCorb esters, tacmos)
Good, cyclosultan and Texmos removed the previous adaptive restrictions, cyclosultocin stock performance (last year) Soft capsules have completed the consistency evaluation study at the application stage and are expected to increase at an accelerated rate.
Business plates are expected to be stable. As a result of the formal implementation of the two-vote system in Zhejiang province, the division’s distribution transfer business was lost, and the business block generated $10,904 million during the reporting period, an increase of 3.87%.
During the reporting period, companies invested 264 million yuan in R&D, an increase of 60.57 per cent over the same period; the increase in R&D costs led to an increase in research and development costs during the reporting period.
Drug research and development in various fields, such as urinary diseases, anti-cancer diseases, combined with autonomous research and development and external introduction, to fully advance the research and development process. During the reporting period, new drug Hd118, such as diabetes, is undergoing i-clinical trials; tttp273 is expected to be introduced from the United States.
Clinical declaration at the end of this year; Lilalupine's plan to launch the iii clinical trial; Insulin is expected to receive clinical clearances by the end of this year; New anti-cancer drug, Mywa, is undergoing the ii clinical trial.
We've set up two new drug research offices, based in Boston and Silicon Valley, in the United States, which are produced by Chinese securities and are used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company does not treat recipients as customers because they receive this report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.