[Associative Medicines’ Review] Chinese Medicines (000963); Business Warming, New Health Care Adjustment Industry Speeding Up 7.19 billion yuan (+7.87%) of operating income in a single quarter, and Mothers ' net profit of 630 million (+27.5%).
The pharmaceutical industry research team is almost at the same level as 2018 q1.
During the period, 15.32 billion yuan was realized, of which 10.9 billion yuan was received by the pharmaceutical business, an increase of 3.87 per cent over the same period, businesses maintained a steady growth rate, the pressure on companies to transfer operations from the Zhejiang province double vote system was largely absorbed, and growth is expected to pick up gradually in the second half of the year, with the business branch having a 7.5 per cent Maori ratio, slightly higher than the same rate.
An increase of nearly 6 percentage points; the Central American East is the company's core industrial subsidiary, contributing $4.411 billion (+26.89 per cent) and a net profit of $1,058 million, and now has seven products that have sold over a billion, of which Acapose (the commodity name “Caboping”) and 100% capsules have become over 2 billion pounds of heavy products;
The industrial branch's Māori ratio is 86.88%, an increase of 3.26 percentage points from the previous year.  benefits from the new health insurance adjustments, the core varieties Akapo sugar and a hundred-and-a-half capsules are growing rapidly, and the new health insurance adjustments for vehicles are expected to continue at a faster rate in the future.
The catalogue has been reclassified from Category B to Category A and has submitted a request for an evaluation of the consistency of generic pharmaceuticals, in which the biological equivalence test has completed on-site verification, which has completed on-site verification and is expected to increase by more than 30 per cent at 2018h1; 100 per cent of the capsule version of the health insurance catalogue has been changed from an oncology-assisted drug to a gas-blood double supplement with 1,200 tons per year.
Launching of the East Base of the Oyster summer herbs, addressing the bottlenecks in the 100% of the capsules, laying the foundation for grass-roots and otc outlets, with a projected increase of around 15%, which is likely to be sustained over the next three years.
In the first half of the year, the company invested about $264 million in direct and indirect research and development, a significant increase of 60.6 per cent over the previous six months.
The research and development pipelines are rich, progress ladders are rated, and there is a steady increase in performance.
It's a reasonable team. The newly acquired Chinese medicine, the soft and strong oral fluid (for liver cancer-aided treatment), has been given production approval, the development of tubes has gradually enriched the power of white horses and hoofs.
In addition, in terms of consistency evaluation, Anatole selenium has been tested and is scheduled to be tested in 2018 and is scheduled to be tested in April 2018.
Quarterly declaration of production: a Be-test project, scheduled for production before the end of 2018: the company also carried out clinical sample preparation for various projects, such as tragletins, lineptamine tablets, Tac, Moc, Kaglé sequins, Englés, etc., in pre-position or formal form.
The central position of volatility, the firm’s high level of certainty, its high growth stability, and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party to draw conclusions.