It's proposed to buy $1.49 billion for Sinclair, to strengthen the medical field, Juddji, 2018.
Event: On August 29, 2018, the company issued a public announcement that it had signed a binding offer with Sinclair to offer cash through the company's fully-owned Sun Company, China East Medical Organization, as the main recipient of the cash offer.
The purchase of all the shares of Sinclair, with a cash offer of approximately 32 pence/equity, is expected to be the purchase deal sinclair — dedicated to the field of medical beauty, with four core varieties of speciality. Sinclair is a specialized company specializing in the field of medical beauty products, with core products including beauty lines, long-acting microballs, etc.
Prouretic acid, etc., has created branding influence in more than 50 countries and territories around the world through product-differentiated product combinations. In 2017, £45.3 million was achieved in sales, with core varieties including silhouettesoft (micro-breeding facial and neck plastics), ellansé (new-generation skin fillings)
Four major products, such as perfectha (the latest generation of double-phased and transparent acids (`ha'), sculptra/new-fill (plla-made glue irritants), with a cumulative share of silhouettesoftandsilhouetteinstadt
46.2%, perfectha, as the newest generation of translucent acids (`ha'), accounts for 20.7% of the total income.
The leading firms in the area of product marketing, marketing capacity and industry are prominent, with a country-wide generation of Korean lig urogenic acid (Ewuan) growing rapidly, generating close to $700 million in 2017 and a high rate of growth in the first half of 2018. Companies rely on a rich marketing network and many years of experience.
By buying and buying Sinclair, the company is expected to further enrich its product lines in the field of medicine and beauty, strengthen its medical and aesthetic operations, build an international platform for medical beauty, and drive the company’s international development strategy process.
Adjustments to the catalogue of health insurance and bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company ' s medicines, with a rich stock of 1 and " Huadong Medicine " (0009663): performance. The company will provide development potential for its future development as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province.
In keeping with expectations, industry is growing at a high rate, industry is benefiting significantly from policy integration of pharmaceutical businesses. Therefore, we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In anticipation: second-line extension, etc.: grass-roots development: R & D + grass-roots exercise to maintain company performance, resulting in a company announcement on 29 August 2018, and a binding offer agreement between the company and Sinclair.
Proposed acquisition of the entire Sinclair stock as a cash offer by the company ' s All-China Medical Corporation, China East American, with a core view: 1.49 billion yuan proposed to acquire Sinclair to strengthen the medical and American field layout, 2.1.sinclair: focus on medical and American products, with four core varieties of uniqueness.
Scinclair is a specialized company specializing in the field of medical beauty products, covering the entire industry chain from R & D, production, sales, and more than 200 employees, with core products including beauty line, long-acting microballs, urinary acid, etc., through product differentiation, branding, product certification and market access in major global markets, in the west.
Countries and territories such as Europe, the United States, Brazil, and the Republic of Korea sell themselves and through distributors all over the world, covering more than 50 countries and territories around the world. In 2017, £45.3 million (approximately £400 million) in sales revenue was achieved, and Sinclair had a variety of complementary aesthetic techniques, focusing on plyon protein stimulus.
The company’s products seek effectiveness, high quality, long duration, and meet the clinical needs of natural appearances and micro-inventive treatments. The company’s core varieties include, inter alia, silhouettesoft, ellansé, perfectha, etc.
Four major products, sculptra/new-fill. The newest generation of double transparent acids (`ha') fillers is a tailor-made real skin filler dedicated to wrinkle correction, face
Designed for contour restoration and volume restoration. Provides aesthetic improvements that could only be recovered and enhanced by surgery, but
The sculptra/new-fill, made of plla, is used for gradual correction. Four major products account for the company’s operating income, of which the silhouettesoftandsilhouette
The cumulative share of instalift reached 46.2 per cent, with the most recent generation of translucent acids (`ha') fillings, representing 20.7 per cent of total income. 2.2. Strengthened medical and aesthetic layouts, and synergies are expected to accelerate integration
China’s subsidiary, Ningbo Pharmaceuticals Ltd., is a leading company in the domestic marketing of medical and American products, with a prominent marketing capacity and industry, with a country’s total generation of Korea’s lig urogenic acid (Yuan) growing rapidly, generating close to 700 million yuan in 2017, achieving high growth in the first half of 2018, and building up some market operations and extension experience in the field of medicine and the United States.
Figure 2: Revenues and net profits from medicine in East Ningbo, China. The company is growing at a high rate, thanks to a rich marketing network and years of business deposition. Through mergers and acquisitions of sinclair, the company is expected to further enrich its product lines in the field of medicine and beauty, strengthen its operations and build a platform for international healing.
19.2x. We believe that the restructuring of the health-care catalogue and the bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company's medicines, a rich stock of varieties that will provide the potential for the future development of the company as a regional leader in the flow of medicines in Zhejiang province.
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. The first-line product of 100% capsules, Acapose sugar, etc., is less widespread than expected; business integration is lower than expected; second-line variety unit promotion is lower than expected; grass-roots channels are less developed; and R&D is less advanced than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board