Retail financial business income remains resilient, Merchant Bank (600036) depth reports Retail finance business income remains resilient: retail loans grew at roughly the same rate as total loans, and accounted for them.
Small and small loans have grown faster in recent years, accounting for a larger share of retail loans, zero overall prices for sales loans have been lower than average shares, and price spreads have continued to narrow. Retail deposits have exceeded zero sales loans, and net internal interest earnings have been reversed, supporting net interest earnings from retail financial operations.
A negative increase in net revenue from fees, although steady growth in retail customers aum and market value (millions of yuan) of retail money a. Recovering the scale of sales related to the management of wealth or promising to contribute to wealth management at the retail end
The net revenue from the related fees is steadily stabilizing, the interest and delay rates for some retail loans are still on the rise, and the overall loan provision remains high:
The quality of retail loan assets fluctuates, and the interest and delay rates for some loans continue to rise. The poor rate of public loans continues to fall. The poor rate of loans as a whole has remained generally stable.
There is still some room for release in view of the current level of provision made by the recruiting banks. The deposit schedule is at a higher level in the listed banks, and the cost advantage is clear: in recent years, the banks have been able to pay their debts.
In the same period, the demand rate for bank deposits continued to drop, but it is still higher than that of the banks listed. In recent years, the cost of retail deposits has been somewhat higher, given the trend in the cost of sales and corporate deposits.
On the whole, the cost of deposits remains relatively stable and relatively well regulated. On balance, the overall cost advantage of bankers’ performance slows the growth in asset quality and remains robust.
Retail credit growth to stabilize the customer base further Profit forecasting and investment proposal: taking into account the broader banking environment, and taking into account the characteristics of the recruitment banks themselves, we believe that the cost advantage of the acquisition bank deposits is still expected to contribute to a stable performance and that the capital is still expected to contribute to the stability of the bank's performance.
This is strong enough to contribute to a steady expansion of future asset size, with relatively superior asset quality and zero risk of short-term or volatile loan sales. Moreover, the retail financial operations of the merchant banks are more resilient, and the retail end of wealth is being sold on a gradual increase in the scale of future wealth management-related operations.
In addition to the financial technology, we believe that the overall efficiency of the business of the commercial banks is likely to increase steadily. We measure companies in 2024 - maintaining their ratings by taking into account business developments and valuations, among other things.
Risk factors: The banking sector as a whole is more affected by macroeconomic, monetary and regulatory policies, and changes in the economy and related policies will have a significant impact on the operations of banks. These include changes in net interest differentials, asset quality expectations, etc.
The share of retail loans in retail financial operations remained largely stable, with the total assets and loans of the merchant banks at the end of June 2024 amounting to 116,000 yuan and 6.7 trillion yuan, respectively.
The ratio of retail loans to total loans remained stable as a whole owing to the fact that the compound increase in retail loans was consistent with the increase in total loans. As of the end of June 2024, retail loans stood at 3.5 trillion, corporate loans at 2.8 trillion, representing an increase in the share of total loans 1.2 Small microloans, and retail loans were generally priced below the equity average
According to the internal structure of retail loans, by the end of June 2024, 22.8 per cent of small loans, 38.8 per cent of individual housing loans, 26 per cent of credit card loans, 10.7 per cent of consumer loans, 5.1 per cent of small loans, 8.7 per cent of individual housing loans and 8.7 per cent of credit card loans
A 1.9 percentage point decline and 5.6 percentage points increase in the share of consumer loans. With the increase in retail loans, there has been a marked increase in the share of small loans and fee-free loans.
The average rate of return on retail loans as a whole in the stock-stock bank was 50 bp as of the first half of 2024, and has continued to be narrow in recent years. 1.3 The contribution of retail financial services to revenue has been higher than it has been in the first half of 2024.
1.3.1 Retail financial operations continue to have a high level of revenue contribution, at 194.3 billion yuan in late 2023 and 959 million yuan in late June 2024, the same rate of 1.5 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively, which is better than the 57.3 per cent contribution of the total combined revenue during the same period.
Figure 6: Merchant Bank Retail Financial Operations at a higher rate of growth than in the same period Figure 7: Retail Financial Services at Merchant Banks at a higher rate of revenue (single-year rate of increase (in %)
By the end of June 2024, retail deposits by merchant banks amounted to 3.8 trillion, an increase of 8.9 per cent compared with the beginning of the year, with fast-dry total deposits increasing by 6.2 per cent. Retail deposits have continued to grow at a high rate in recent years, resulting in a marked withdrawal of the share of retail deposits and a positive contribution of net internal interest income.
1.3.3 A positive shift in net interest income within retail finance and a steady decline in the average daily demand rate of retail deposits Retail financial operations, as market interest centres move down, net interest income contribution from external sources shrinks, is supported by steady growth in the size of the liabilities, positive internal net interest income and higher contribution rates
The net interest income from retail financial operations can continue to grow at a modest positive rate. Our simulations of net interest differentials, while showing a narrow income trend, show a modest overall decrease, mainly as a result of a positive shift in internal net interest income.
1.3.4 Reversal data on the scale of sales related to retail wealth management
In view of the changing trends in bank charges and net revenue from commissions, in particular the relatively high contribution to business fees and commissions related to wealth management, the effect of which is to add up to the continuing positive growth in net interest income has reduced the contribution of net fees and commissions to retail financial operations.
Figure 13: Changes in the internal structure of income from retail financial operations at commercial banks (in %) In recent years, retail financial services fees and net commissions have shown negative growth, although their contribution to the overall net revenue has remained high. As at the end of 2023 and the end of June 2024, retail financial services fees and fees had remained high.
The net revenue from commissions was 67.1 per cent and 65 per cent, respectively.In terms of the structure of the total fees and commission income of the merchant banks, as of the end of June 2024, the percentage of income from bank cards, balances and liquidations, wealth management and asset management charges was 20 per cent, 18 per cent, 27 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively.
Compared to the data for 2021, the share of income from clearance and liquidation operations and asset management fees increased by 5 percentage points and 3 percentage points, respectively, while the share of income from treasury management-related operations decreased by 8 percentage points, while the share of income from other operations fees did not change significantly.
However, according to sales data for the same period, in the first half of 2024, agency insurance premiums of $64.1 billion increased by 11.76 per cent over the same period; non-monetary public fund sales of 289 were increased by 89.39 per cent; retail property balances of $3.76 trillion, an increase of 7.3 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, and the scale of the related sales of the above-mentioned operations began to rise, with a projected increase in wealth management at the retail end.
Figure 16: Revenue structure of the fees of the employing banks in June 2024 (single chart 17: changes in the share of the operations of the soliciting banks (in %) and, in addition, active customer development during periods of market downturns, remains the best option. As of the end of June 2024, retailing was still the best option.
Aum amounted to 14.2 trillion yuan, of which the total assets of the customers managing sunflowers and above amounted to 11.6 trillion yuan; retail customers 202 million households, of which the customers were 499.96 billion; retail finance balances 3.76 trillion yuan. Retail aum and retail customers continued to grow, providing a solid basis for the development of retail financial services.
Figure 18: Merchant Bank Retailed Aum and More Goldflower Client Assets in Chart 19: Merchant Bank Retailed Financial Balances (Billion Billion) as compared to (Billion Billion, %) Volatility in the quality of Retail Credit Assets, High Provision for Security mats
2.1 The non-performing rate of retail loans is not volatile and some loan interest and overdue rates are still rising Vertically, the poor rate of retail loans has fluctuated in recent years, but the poor rate of corporate lending has remained largely low, making it difficult to compare overall negative rate fluctuations with stable poor rate data, rates of concern and interest.
In addition, the forward-looking indicator is 0.81 per cent of the negative yield compared to 79.8 per cent of the write-off transfer rate. In terms of the type of product for retail loans, the poor rate of micro-credit has been consistently low in recent years, the poor rate of credit card lending has risen and the poor rate of individual housing loans has slightly increased.
According to the data, we compare the addition of non-performing loans to retail loans in the first half of 2024, the increase in interest-group loans and the increase in overdue loans, the increase in the negative balance of credit card loans, the increase in the negative balance of consumer loans and micro-credits, and the increase in interest-group loans to individual housing loans and credit-card loans.
High; credit card lending balances have increased considerably and account for a relatively high proportion of overdue loans. Figure 23: Credit cards and micro-credit failure rates (in %) for callers banks are high in terms of current interest rates for retail loans and data on overdue rates.
The probability that asset quality data on retail loans will continue to rise or not. 2.2 The poor rate of corporate lending has remained steady down. Over the past few years, the poor rate of lending by merchant banks has been largely steady downside, concern and overdue rates
By the end of June 2024, there were only four industries accounting for more than 10 per cent of corporate loans, divided between manufacturing, shipping, real estate and electricity, accounting for 22 per cent, 19 per cent, 12.3 per cent and 11. per cent, respectively, with real estate lending declining the most and manufacturing lending increasing the most.
In terms of growth, relative to the size of loans for 2,944 jobs, manufacturing, information technology services, electricity and delivery have increased at a relatively high rate of 40 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, of new loans, and by the end of September 2024, the reserve coverage of the recruiting banks was 432.15 per cent, a decrease of only 5.55 percentage points from the beginning of the year.
Thus, the banking sector as a whole has gone down the line, which supports the profits of the current period. There is still some room for release, given the current level of the bank’s provision. 3.1 The trend towards the periodicization of bank deposits has not yet been reversed.
In the case of deposits, although the end of the deposit has been reduced many times, the trend towards the periodicization of the industry as a whole has continued, with the share of term deposits rising steadily, contributing to the overall cost of the deposits, partly offsetting the impact of the deposit end interest reduction and the positive boost to the cost of the combined liabilities as a result of the easing environment.
According to the central bank's data on the deposits of financial institutions, both households and businesses, the ratio of time deposits to time deposits is on the upswing, with household time deposits accounting for 73.4% of total household deposits as of October 2024, while business time deposits account for 73.6% of total business deposits, which remain steady upswing.
And firm-end data show that the share of current deposits has fallen to 26.6 per cent, up from 41 per cent at the end of 2017, and that the cost of deposits in 3.2 merchant banking companies has remained relatively stable. In the first half of 2024, the demand rate for bank deposits in the latter was still over 50 per cent, at a higher level than in the listed banks.
The average daily call rates for retail deposits at merchant banks were 51.4 per cent and 53.02 per cent, respectively, with retail deposit rates down by almost 26 percentage points from the 2017 high point and corporate deposit rates down by 10 percentage points from the 2021 high point. Currently, retail deposits averaged 1.51 per cent, taking into account the average cost of corporate deposits by 1.68 per cent.
Factors such as the lowering of deposit costs, the continuing downturn in the overall deposit rate in the banking sector, and the trend in the cost of selling deposits and corporate deposits over the years show a certain increase in the cost of retail deposits, relative stability in the cost of public deposits, and relatively good controls.
By the end of June 2024, the core-level capital adequacy rate, the first-level capital adequacy rate and the capital adequacy rate of 13.86 per cent, 16.09 per cent and 17.95 per cent, respectively, were 13 bp, 8 bp and 7 bp higher than at the beginning of the year.
A firm foundation for the company’s future asset expansion. Moreover, the company’s own built-in capital replenishment capacity is sustainable. 5.1 The overall business outlook for the banking sector. On October 12, the new office held a policy press conference at the Ministry of Finance, which referred to “the issuance of special state debt support”.
Large State-owned commercial banks supplement core-level capital.” The size and sequence of the bank's investments follow the idea of a “participate, one-line approach.” We suggest that attention be paid to the progress of the follow-up Ministry of Finance funding to State-owned banks, as well as to the pace, size, price distribution, etc. Overall, we believe that the investment in large State-owned banks helps to maintain follow-up credit.
In the past few years, green, inclusive, capital, and manufacturing have been the main directions for new credit offerings, and the share continues to move.
In terms of the distribution of new credit among various types of banks, the market share of small and medium-sized banks has declined and the share of large State-owned banks has risen. Moreover, market demand is expected to pick up as policies have fallen.
Taking into account such factors as the downward adjustment of lpr since the beginning of 2024, the continuous periodicization of deposits, the adjustment of interest rates on mortgages, the downward adjustment of interest rates on deposit and the reduction of interest on municipal debt, there is still the possibility of a future downfall in the commercial bank ' s net interest margin, although the decline continues to narrow. Moreover, in the context of the business environment, we anticipate a future period.
Since 2024, the trend in the overall asset quality of commercial banks has been characterized by a stable net negative yield ratio, with some banks even moving low and retail lending rising poorly. We expect to add up to the expected recovery of the economy in 2025, driven by countercyclical adjustment policies, and to maintain net negative yield or stability in listed banks.
Taking into account the above-mentioned broad banking development environment, and taking into account the characteristics of the merchant banks themselves, we believe that the cost advantage of the deposits of the merchant banks is still expected to contribute to the stability of performance, while the capital strength is strong and will contribute to the stability of the future size of the assets expansion, the relative quality of the assets and the short-term or volatile risk of retail lending.
Moreover, the retail financial operations of merchant banks are more resilient, and the net revenue from retail-side wealth management fees may be stable under the conditions of a gradual increase in future rules for marketing related to wealth management. Adding to the financial and technological empowerment, we believe that the overall efficiency of the operations of the recruitment banks may be steadily improving.
As the overall net interest spread of the banking sector continues to shrink and as a result of the negative growth in middle business income, we adjust the company ' s profit projections accordingly to the following assumptions: First, with regard to the growth rate of loans, taking into account factors such as capital occupancy, distribution of credits, etc., we estimate the future.
Third, among non-interest income, the net revenue from fees and commissions is expected to recover gradually, while other non-interest income growth is largely stable. Fourth, the current asset quality is relatively stable and retail loans are poor.
Volatility. Given the overall cyclical nature of the banking block, and the business structure of the superimplied banks, we expect that the quality of stock capital will remain relatively stable, that the probability of adverse production generating large fluctuations will be low, and that the overall level of the provision will be flat or reduced in the future. Fifthly, operations and management costs are optimized by overall controls, resulting in a relative or slight decline in the cost-earning ratio.
The banking sector as a whole is more affected by macroeconomic, monetary, and regulatory policies, and changes in the economy and related policies will have a significant impact on banks’ operations. These include changes in net interest differentials, asset quality expectations, etc.
The extent of the change in net income margin is affected by the lack of controls over the period and end-of-liability costs; the trend towards continued improvement in the quality of assets