Events: 28 April 2025, Shanxi Coal published its annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025, Shanxi Coal (000983).
Throughout 2024, the company achieved business income of $45.290 billion, a decline of 18.43 per cent in the same year, which was attributed to the research assistant in the Boco industry, who was affected by sales volume and lower sales prices, and a decrease in the Māori rate of the company ' s coal business.
The impact of such factors as the “triple-up” clean-up of the provincial coal mines and the strengthening of the security system was reduced by 20 per cent in 2024 to 25.6 million tons of commercial coal sales; 16.7 million tons of refined coal, down 10.93 per cent from the same period, with a breakdown of the distribution structure of coal varieties showing an increase in the sale of coal in addition to raw coal and poor and thin coal (56.41 per cent, 56.41 per cent).
+88.68%), the rest of the coal species have fallen to varying degrees. A 5.43% decline in the price of the coal market, and it is important to note that the price of coiled, fertilized coal for bone-coal has been reduced by only a limited amount of -54% and -2.94%, respectively, reflecting high quality cokering.
Coal skeletal skeletal plants support the decline in coal prices. The impact of the decline in commercial coal sales was 9.55% increase in 2024 yuan/tonne. In combination, the company ' s Māori rate of coal plates declined in 2024. Yes, the coal layers in the company ' s mining areas are stable, near-level coal layers, simple geological formations, mining.
Costs are lower and cost advantages are significant. The mountain coal production area is located in the center of the country's large coal planning base, with a rich pool of cokered coal resources, rich in high-quality and scarce coal species, such as coke and coal, with the advantages of low ash, low sulfur, better coiling, etc., and is better suited to future furnaces.
New trends in the transformation of the Sunda and the steel industry, where the company's coal-fired products or will have greater price elasticity with cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
The company's performance has improved over time. The company continues to do good in the coal industry: in October 2024, the company issued an announcement that it won 24,705 million yuan to win the mountain.
Coal and co-aluminous bauxite prospecting rights in Lu Liang County, West Province, which survey 52.1821 square kilometres, coal resource reserves 952,775,000 tons, bauxite reserves 55,612 million tons, and sorghum resources 3,431.28 tons.
Coal, with a planned capacity of 8 million tonnes/year. This competition for coal and co-aluminous bauxite deposits.
The company has made a major effort to promote efficiency gains: on the one hand, the company has taken the initiative to phase out lost post-production capacity and shut down the Western Hill heater 3x5 megawatt units; and on the other hand, it has continued to promote the “double carbon” initiative, with three fire power plants completing carbon quota compliance transactions, resulting in a gain of $140 million.
Fire and electricity companies control coal combustion costs, optimize electricity marketing strategies, accurately measure power generation marginal, reasonably laid medium- and long-term power and spot trading markets, and achieve a steady increase in the sale of electricity.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: company-owned rich coal-based coal-fired and high-quality primary coal-fired, with the advantage of \triangleright size, is in the vanguard of the market, with the expectation of sustained follow-up implementation of the good-quality coal asset note
Risk factors: The macroeconomic downturn has led to a sharp fall in coal prices, uncertainties in industrial policies, and the Chinese Mining University, Ph.D., registered consulting (investment) engineers, Deputy Managing Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and China's geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
Research and development centre, responsible for research on the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, he was responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University, Bachelor of Financial Science, formerly a Ph.D. in Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), formerly a second-tier Enterprise Investment Department, China Coal Industries Group
Minister, who has worked for many years in coal mine production, technical management of coal mine production, investment in coal mine projects, management of operations, etc., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research. Liu Hong Guang, PhD from Beijing University, Member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The expert, assistant director, led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060;
He is responsible for research in the petrochemical sector. Kwok Shei, M.A. in Environmental Engineering at Beijing University/National University of Singapore, B.A. in Environmental Engineering at Beijing, with five years of experience in the environmental industry, downstream and double carbon industry research.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, the University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, Master of Accounting, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, the University of Southern California, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, January 2023, the Ministry of Coal Research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.