A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Hikvision (002415 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Resilient 3Q21 with high inventory buffer
Target Price
RMB76.25
(Previous TP
RMB79.62)
Up/Downside
+37.5%
Hikvision reported in-line FY3Q21 with revenue/ operating profit growth of +22%/
Current Price
RMB55.44
24% YoY respectively. Innovative business growth remained strong at +53% YoY
China Software & IT Services
with revenue contribution reaching 17%. Although power cut impact is limited as
Hikvision has high inventory on hand (FY3Q21 inventory +26% QoQ), weakening
Marley Ngan
macro environment could weigh on FY22E growth outlook. Maintain BUY with
lowered target price of RMB76.25 (prior RMB79.62).
■ Resilient FY3Q21. Hikvision reported in-line FY3Q21. Revenue was at
Stock Data
RMB21.7bn (+22% YoY) and net profit was at RMB4.5bn (+18% YoY).
Excluding the time-lag of tax credit impact (recorded earlier in 2Q this year).
operating profit grew at +24% YoY on higher GPM (+1.5 pct pts YoY to 46.4%).
■ Demand: Innovative business remained strong, property sector
weakness to be reflected in FY2H22. Hikvision products cover 70 industries
Shareholding Structure
now as camera applications expanded by embedding Al/ sensor technology.
Innovative businesses (smart home products/ robotics/ industrial cameras,
etc.) continued to gain shape with revenue growth of +53% YoY to RMB3.7bn
Source: Bloomberg
in FY3Q21, contributing 17% of revenue. Regarding weakening macro
environment, as it is turning more difficult to acquire new land and newly
Share Performance
started construction area has been declining in China, EBG business could
be negatively affected in FY2H22.
Supply: Record-high inventory level to minimize power cut risk. As we
Source: Bloomberg
flagged before, there is no direct impact from power cut to Hikvision production
plants although some upstream component suppliers were being affected.
12-mth Price Performance
Hikvision maintained a high-inventory level strategy and expanded the
supplier list to minimize the potential risk. In FY3Q21, Hikvision inventory level
came to a record high of RMB19.1bn (+71% YoY, +26% QoQ). Inventory as %
of sales was at 0.88, still lower than the level in 1Q20 at 1.32 (Hikvision being
added to entity list in Oct 2019).
Maintain BUY. We cut FY21-23E net profit by 2-5% to reflect lower sales
(macro to affect SMBG business) and lower margin on higher logistics cost
and R&D. Maintain BUY with new target price of RMB76.25 (prior RMB79.62),
based on unchanged 36x FY22 P/E. Key downside risks include raw material
Auditor: Deloitte
shortage that could last for longer time, higher logistic cost and weaker than
expected demand.
Related Reports
China Al surveillance - Gov't
projects picking up, power cuts
Hikvision (002415 CH) -
Innovative business gaining
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 6: Net profit vs. operating cash flow
Source: Company data
FY3Q21 results review
Revenue was at RMB21,727mn (+22% YoY, +9% QoQ), in-line with our and
consensus estimates.
Gross profit was at RMB10,078mn (+26% YoY, +10% QoQ), beat our estimate
by 2% and consensus by 5%.
Gross margin was at 46.4%, (+1.5 pct pts YoY, +0.4 pct pts QoQ), beat our
estimate by 0.6 pct pts and consensus by 1.9 pct pts.
Operating profit was at RMB4,826mn (+24% YoY, +24% QoQ), beat our
estimate by 4%.
Operating margin was at 22.2% (+0.3 pct pts YoY, +2.6 pct pts QoQ), above our
estimate by 0.7 pct pts.
Net profit was at RMB4,484mn (+18% YoY, +4% QoQ), beat our estimate by 2%
and consensus by 2%
EPS was at RMB0.48 (+18% YoY, +4% QoQ), above our estimate by 2% and
consensus by 10%.
Figure 7: FY3Q21 results review
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS, Bloomberg
Operating model
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
Hikvision (002415 CH, BUY, TP RMB76.25)
We cut target price to RMB76.25 (prior RMB79.62), based on unchanged 36x FY22 P/E,
50% above its 3-year mean. We believe Hikvision deserves re-rating as supply chain risk
is mitigated after two years of product re-design, new growth drivers (AI) in enterprise
segment is emerging and gross margin continues to expand. Also, Hikvision announced
plan to spin-off its smart home business (Ezviz Network) on STAR board. We believe the
spin-off could provide new financing channel to support IoT/ AI R&D.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.