Pulse petrochemicals (002493) Introduction of a steady growth programme in the petrochemical industry, private refining dragons 11 October 2025
▪ Events: At the end of September 2025, seven departments, including the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, jointly issued the Work Programme for Steady Growth in the Petrochemical Industry (2025-2026).
The benefits have recovered steadily. 2) Increase the high-end supply. Focus on the need for key industrial chains such as integrated circuits, new energy sources, medical equipment, etc., to support key products in the areas of electronic chemicals, high-end polyolefins, high-performance fibres, special rubbers, high-performance membrane materials, etc. 3) promote supply and demand upgrading.
The match between supply and demand for petrochemical products promotes long-term and stable partnerships between producers such as synthetic resins, paints, tyres, and downstream users such as buildings, cars, ships, etc., and improves the compatibility of supply and demand in traditional areas.
Development of applications such as new energy cell materials, carbon fibres and their composite materials, special engineering plastics, etc.)
In the area of petrochemicals, strict enforcement of production reduction replacement requirements for new oil refining projects, with emphasis on support for the rehabilitation of old and old petrochemical installations, demonstration of industrialization of new technologies, and the “reduced oil” project for existing refining enterprises.
It's a world-class smelting integration base with 40 million tonnes/year refined oil, 8.8 million tonnes/year of treatment capacity for benzene, 4.2 million tonnes/year of ethylene, with hydrogen, recombinant, px, etc., the largest single set of devices in the world.
Categorized storage, distribution and refining, combined with a mix of instruments, can process 80-90% of the world ' s crude oil, and there is a significant increase in adaptability to oil price volatility, with clear advantages compared to other domestic headlines. Product structure is flexible, technologically mature and reliable, with major installation sizes and technological economic indicators in place.
• Continue to deepen cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the US in order to promote a stable supply of raw materials and expand the distribution channels: the company and Saudi Arabia and the US are moving upstream and downstream in their industries and have a good basis for cooperation, both of which will open up
The company intends to acquire 50% of the shares of the Saudi Arabian-American subsidiary Sasref Refinery in the Jubail region of Saudi Arabia, and to participate in its expansion project, leading to the diversion of raw materials and the expansion of global distribution channels.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: As the petrochemical industry moves ahead with its counter-introduction and steady growth policies, we believe that the company’s subsequent profitability is likely to be restored.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.