In the evening of October 29, 2025, Eon Seon Seok-seok issued a tri-quarter report for 2025.
In the third quarter, the company achieved business income of $227,815 million, a 7.09 per cent decline in the same year; the net return to the mother was 7.51 per cent higher; the net return to the mother was 286 million yuan, a 1,427.94 per cent increase in the same year; the ring grew; the refining plate was continuously repaired and the company's business performance steadily improved. At the end of the price of oil, in 2025,
The crude oil market in the first half of the year, in the context of some macro-level pressures and relatively inadequate industrial support, has been operating at $150052404001, with weak operations and falling price weights; downgraded by the third quarter of international trade disputes; geometry
With frequent disturbances and the impact of the U.S. oil go-to-bank cycle, international oil prices as a whole are running smoothly. In the first three quarters of 2025, Brent's average oil price was $70 per barrel, a 15% decline in the same period, with the average price in the third quarter being $68 per barrel, a 2% increase in the ring.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company’s petrochemical subsidiary achieved a net profit of $3.75 billion, an increase of 42 per cent, with a net profit of $1.65 billion in the third quarter, a 98 per cent increase in the ring, and a steady increase in the company’s performance, which benefited from a significant restoration of the refining plate ring.
An era of stock competition has come to appreciate the elasticity of advanced private refining capacity. According to the Commission’s policy, the country’s primary crude oil processing capacity was contained in 2025 at less than 1 billion tons, and the current refining expansion is nearing the end, bringing the total to the “red line” of policy.
Accelerating the phasing out of inefficient and backward production in industries such as refining oil, and the recent intensive centralization of the “reverse-in-the-roll” signal, adding taxes to further compress the ground lifespace, or pushing backward refining to accelerate the exit. According to figures, since the fourth quarter of 2023, Shandong refinery has been operating at a reduced capacity.
The current rate of start-up is only around 55%. From the point of view of the evolution of the refined supply pattern, according to our report " Medium-Term Strategic Report of the petrochemical sector - stock competition in 2025 " , private refining of advanced productive capacity in the private sector, or, at the present time, limited and reduced competition patterns optimized.
We continue to benefit from it, and we still see the company’s future performance unleashing elasticity. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we forecast the company’s net return profits in 2025-2027, and I am elasticizing the company’s performance in a period of continuous improvement in the business landscape and stock competition in the future, respectively.
Sinda Securities Inc. maintains a “buy-in” rating for the glorified petrochemicals.
Risk factors: high crude oil price shocks; new capacity-building at a slower pace than expected; new capacity-contribution
The risk of slow recovery of profits from products; the risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry under the “carbon neutrality” policy; and the global economic recovery are not as high as expected. Dr. Wing Wing, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, China International Engineering
Member of the Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), for more than a decade, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and for more than a hundred of the subjects of “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning, technical policy revision of the coal industry and enterprise-related advice.
Liu Hong Guang, doctor at Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the major energy sectors.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.