:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on 29 October, Emeritus published three-quarters of 2025 and earned revenue in the first three quarters
• A small rebound in 25q3 crude oil, an improvement in the refining ring relative to an improvement in overall profitability, company prices compared to the trend of 300 depths, a small recovery in crude oil prices in the third quarter of 2025, and an average of $64.97 in wti crude oil
On the volume side, there is a smooth running of the public equipment and a steady start to the new project. On the profit side, the three-quarter refined price differentials are making a positive contribution to the profit, with px, pta and pta falling.
The price of oil has stabilized, and we believe that the quality of the company's profits will increase. • Actively promote project construction, long-chaining, oil-reducing upscaling, companies moving along the line of long-chain refilling, oil-reducing, value-added products.
Long-term growth. We believe that competition in new materials will have a strong advantage for the refining company, both in terms of the pre-investment advantages associated with sufficient cash flows, in terms of the efficiency of output from high R & D inputs, and in terms of the continuing cost advantages associated with the advantages of an integrated platform.
In the case of different fibres, a 500,000-ton differential fibres project, mainly producing flame retardant, functional, non-contamination fibre products, is building up.
At the same time, the glorification of new materials (the canoe) is based on petrochemicals and goldstones in Ningbo, extending down the chain of industries, developing fine chemical and new chemical materials, focusing on the production of petrochemicals and the downstream products of existing industrial chains, adding value to the raw materials and generating efficiency gains.
The project is now under construction, and the work is proceeding in an orderly manner. As these projects progress in an orderly manner, they widen the matrix of companies’ diverse, high-end, green products.
In 2023, the Saudi Arabian-Arab strategic capital of 10% plus one share of the gross equity of the Saudi Arabian-Arabization stock laid the foundation for deep cooperation between the two sides. On 2 January 2024, Eon Seon-seok signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Saudi-Arab-Americans, and the two sides are discussing the future acquisition of the Saudi-Arab-American owner-in-chief.
At the same time, discussions are under way on Saudi Arabia's Al-Ami's petrochemicals of glory.
(b) The potential acquisition of less than 50 per cent of the equity of the capital subsidiary Ningbo and the joint development of the upgrading and expansion of the existing gold petrochemical device.
3. Improved refining of profits and increased confidence on the part of shareholders have been agreed on a number of matters and signed in Riyadh on 11 September 2024, where the two parties co-signed the Development Framework Agreement and the Joint Steering Committee on the expansion of the project on 19 September 2024.
The establishment of the conference, the development of a number of guidelines and the conduct of future joint activities, among other things, have been agreed upon, marking an orderly advance in cooperation between the parties. (1) The risks associated with price fluctuations in raw materials and major products;
(ii) safe production risks; (iii) environmental protection risks; and (iv) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.