In 2023, the demand for photovoltaics was good, and the elastic taps were expected to remain high in Forster (603806.sh).
Solarzoom data indicate that on January 18, 2023, the single crystal sheet 182perc component was sold down to $1.8/w. The lower price of the component helped raise the power plant’s rate of return.
Incentivizes more end demand, especially for domestic centralized discharges. In 2023, the photovoltaic market is expected to be ready for reloading, and the global volume of photovoltaic components is expected to reach about 400gw, requiring about 4 billion m2 for the membranes, and over $45.2 billion in market space at current prices.
The supply pattern of the film industry is relatively stable. In 2022, the film industry expanded on a large scale, roughly, with an output of 5 billion square metres at the end of the year.
In 2023, the additional production capacity of the membrane came mainly from the head, 100 million square metres, 80 million square metres, or 950 million square metres. The industry pattern maintained the “overpower” pattern. The raw material supply was tight. The raw material particles of the photovoltaic membrane accounted for about 80% of the cost of the membrane.
In terms of eva particles, 11 enterprises, such as Srbang, Union, and Tai Chi, have been able to produce a stable amount of production. In 2023, a new Gure petrochemicals and energy capacity will be added, and domestic production is expected to reach 2.65 million tons by the end of the year, an increase of 29%.
Suppliers such as C, exxon, and Sani are expected to supply about 400,000 tons in 2023. Taking into account demand release rhythms, n component share increases, we expect 2023 to be a time-stressed supply of eva particles, a Poe particle or a year-long supply-stressed environment that protects the original.
For raw materials, companies are able to meet upstream cash liquidity requirements and maintain close cooperation with overseas particle suppliers.
On the cost side, the company’s long-standing rich production experience can guarantee high material use and good product performance. At the same time, the company’s size has strong advantages and its capacity to fine-tune cost control.
The company's ability to produce 125 million square metres per year at the end of the year is rapidly growing on the basis of the edge of the film. At the same time, the company's sense of progress is based on the success of the film business.
In the field of photo-dry film, it has now entered the domestic first-line pcb supplier supply chain, such as deep south circuits, with a capacity of 216 million square metres/year. The company ' s functional film business has also been scaled up. 55%, super-second-tier total.
The company’s capacity has been growing steadily. The new Xiangzhou, Ka Hing base, in Thailand and Viet Nam, has been globalized. At the same time, the company has been active in the light-voltaic sector of the new industry.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Capable of diagnosing: Deep understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, precision of cyclical tipping points: with a mature top-down research framework; and selection of growth targets from a unique perspective. The Arizona state head office and Beijing branch, formerly in the United States of America, worked as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.