Prior to the provision, profits increased and asset quality continued to improve Martinine net profits increased by 3.82 per cent from 2012.42 billion, and the negative rate was 1.50 per cent, a decrease of 0.01 pc from the end of June.
The profit growth rate has increased steadily, the business prudential provision has increased steadily. The first three quarters saw a 3.82% increase in net profit relative to the previous three quarters, while the profit growth before the provision was as high as 8.67%, and the construction bank has continued to increase the provision from the point of view of prudential operations (the previous three quarters were projected).
Eighty-seven billion, 23.3 billion more than the same period last year, and increased risk resilience. q3 achieved a net profit of 62.9 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 4.1 per cent compared to the previous period; pre-repreparation profits increased by 11.48 per cent, and operating profits increased significantly. At the income end: net interest earnings, fees and commissions continued to grow positively.
The decrease in the volume of bond sales resulted in a decrease of 81.36 per cent in investment returns over the year, resulting in a slight negative increase in operating income. q3 quarter growth in operating income was 8.51 per cent over the same period.
The net income from move charges and commissions increased by 1.77 per cent over the year. The net interest margin of q3 continued its upward trend. The net interest gap for the first three quarters was 2.16 per cent, an increase of 0.02pc over the first half of the year, which recovered in two consecutive quarters.
▪ High growth in loans and a significant increase in demand deposits are expected to continue with cost advantages. At the end of the spectrum: high growth in loans, compressed assets for two consecutive quarters, significant increase in the size of bond investments: total assets for the first three quarters, discounted and reduced size of overseas credit; net decrease in the size of corporate assets for two consecutive quarters, compared to June
In two consecutive quarters, the failure rate decreased and the provision for coverage increased risk resilience. At the end of September, the rate was 1.50 per cent, down 0.01 pc from the end of June, and the downward trend was maintained for two consecutive quarters; in the case of the adverse balance 1. The banking research framework and summary report, the establishment was prudent, increasing the amount of impairment losses on assets.
The construction bank reported a mid-2017 rating of: billion, 23.3 billion more than in the same period last year; q3 quarter, 26.45 billion; ring Pido, 2,206 million; profit growth, rising seasonally, asset quality
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: continued improvement in the performance of construction banks, steady increase in profit growth, net interest rate differentials, two consecutive quarters, further increase in profitability; stabilization of asset quality to a better and less favourable generation; increased provisioning and increased risk resilience. Economic data are stable to a better macro.
Figure 5: Construction of bank loan structure
Figure 8: Capital adequacy of construction banks