Qingdao beer: overperformance, the epidemic does not change its heights Events: the company released its mid-2022 report with business income of $2022h1 at $19.97 billion
Income analysis: the epidemic does not change its upward trend, q2 income growth is largely based on a ton-price contribution The company achieved revenues of $19.97 billion. + 5.4 per cent year-on-year (q1:+3.1 per cent:q2: Division total sales of 2591 million (+0.5 per cent) and total tonnage of $3882.7 per ton
(+7.0 per cent) Qingdao beer branded sales amounting to 1,966,000 tons (+0.7 per cent).3 The impact of the April epidemic has affected the company ' s drinking scene more, and the ring has improved since May, culminating in the highest/minimum q2 of 12 months.
Qingdao Beers (600,600). Qingdao Beers Yearbook.
Vision 2022: Temperature-catalyzing, income certainty, cost ring improvement. 1) At the end of the year, temperatures in several parts of the country were higher than in previous years, with high-temperature orange alerts.
The sales of Aoshima's beer have grown faster and are still on the rise, driven by the “summer storm” campaign in June/September: in the second half of the year, the epidemic will stabilize, that is, the drinking channels will recover further, and the two traditional days of Mid-Autumn and National Day are expected to directly stimulate the sale of high-end beer, while the pure change of bags will be upgraded.
In the second half of the year, price increases are still possible, and the 21-year low sales base plus high-end process is continuously restored, with the hope that the next half of the year will be boosted by a full-scale increase in revenue growth with a high degree of certainty.) At the cost end, the company has now coded the Qualifications for Practice:
The price of the year's barley, the price of aluminium in the package has been falling from a high position since March of the first half of the year, and it is expected that in the second half of the year, the cost-side pressure will improve the ring comparison and release profit elasticity.) At the profit end, the company's cost this year is well controlled, with higher brand promotion costs and a flat rate of management.
Qingdao Beers: Performance is over-expected, the epidemic does not change up-scaling is steady, the cost is more effective, the price of tons is rising steadily as the series of price hikes are largely transmitted at the beginning of the year, the high-end logic is expected to further drive the Māori rate up, and profits are expected to increase throughout the year.
Long-term outlook: Industry high-end master logic is constant, corporate product channel brands are three-pronged, and future performance is long-term good. At the end of the product, the epidemic has not changed industry high-end master logic, companies high-end product matrices are well developed, canning rates are increasing, new product promotion and product upgrading are continuing.
Tastes and packaging are better suited for young people. Pure life is well-established, high-end singles, white beaks are more powerful, smart plant construction is coupled with a cut-off program that in the long run reduces efficiency gains, lays the foundation for the upgrading of the product structure, and profits are better in the long term.
It's remarkable that it's achieved below-line, through multiple channels, multiple scenes of consumption, while companies are actively promoting the development of niche regional chains leading to sub-optimal markets, high-end upgrades in base markets, non-base markets relying on products, differentiated competition for channel advantages, continued optimization of production and high- and medium-end markets.
At the end of the brand, the strategic layout of the company's two brands, Qingdao and Yaoyama, is deepening, and Qingdao is at the center of its power, and the bar is being built on a continuous basis throughout the country, with a view to making it “new” and “breathing” and strengthening the high-end.
Wine competitive advantage, enhanced brand image of 100-year-old high-end state brands, continued branding to release boosters Profit predictions and valuations: companies at earlier high-end layouts, product operations and channels matured, high-end advantages were evident, price increases were passed well at the beginning of the year, and middle-end products were expected to be well priced in the second half of the year.
The long-term efficiency gains are continuing, and the “one-way” strategy continues to consolidate the market share, Qingdao beer: performance is over-expected, the epidemic does not change to the higher end of the process
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.