Qingji Island beer (600600.sh) with a slightly high q3 performance growth.
The market data are: August 25, 2022, 4.72 million litres, i.e. 1.03 per cent; the ton price of alcohol, i.e. $4.083 per 1,000 litres, i.e. + 6.46 per cent.
Highest/lowest in the year: 2.6 million litres of Qingdao beer, +2.85 per cent of the year, high-end product sales in Qingdao, Qingdao, a share/total equity (billions):
q2 finished sales of 259,000 litres of beer, +0.47 per cent of the year; ton of alcohol, $3884 per thousand of the year ' s price increase, which was the main driver of the first half of the year ' s growth. By region, 22h1 companies in Shandong/base data: 30 June 2022
In June-September, the company launched the “summer storm” of the season, while, supported by the relief of the epidemic and the heat of the heat in many parts of the country, the company’s sales grew in July, according to feedback from sources. Meanwhile, the market in the northern part of the country has remained positive since August, with the help company 22q3.
Price hikes are under stress at hedge costs, with the same interest rate rising. Under company 22h1/q2 Māori rates are Chen Zhenzhi, the company ensures that Māori rates are stable and good through price locks for some raw materials and product increases.
In the second half of the year ahead, the company is expected to release profit elasticity in the second half of the year, against the backdrop of lower price frames for packages such as glass, aluminum ingots, and a slowdown in the price of barley, coupled with price increases and continued improvements in product structure.
The spread of the disease has stabilized throughout the country, combined with the heat of the summer, which has facilitated the sale of beer. In July, the north-east and north-east of the mountain market, which is the market for Qingjiang Province as Qingjia beer, resumed gradually, and according to feedback from research sources, the north and south-east of the country are expected to increase their sales by a small double digits on a par, with the country expected to increase by more than 10%.
Long. Meanwhile, the mid-autumn season is coming, and the mid-autumn party will facilitate the sale of high-end beer. The first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, some of the drinking and consumption scenes disappeared, the high-end beer consumption has slowed down and the epidemic has been brought under control, and we believe that the beer high-end process will be even more advanced in the third quarter of this year than in the first half of the year.
In the context of the low base, the growth in corporate income of 22q3 is expected to be more certain. The structure of the company’s products has improved steadily, the price of tons has increased well, and we look forward to the company’s beer \triangleright
Long-term developments in the process of high-end industry, giving companies the forecast of profits: the upgrading of corporate production between 2022 and 2024, increased competition in the industry, the recurrent cycle of new crowns, the rising prices of raw materials, and an independent and objective presentation of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.