Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident evaluation 2022 semi-annual report: $19,273 million in 2022h1 battalion (same)
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Super-expected profits, good quality of statements $10.65 billion (7 per cent of the same increase) for battalion 2022q2
The company has accelerated the integration of the product mix of 1 (Qingdao Classic)+1 (Qingdao Pure)+n (New Special Products) and continued to grow in high- and middle-end product size.
2022h1 major brand Qingjia/other brands sales were 2060.12 million litres, with a breakdown of products of 1.66 million litres in mid-2022h1 and above, representing an increase of 7%. In the first half of the year, companies continued to promote the “one-way” strategic belt.
Market development to strengthen the traditional core base market. Qingdao Beers (600600) Event Assessment Report: Performance Beyond Expectations, Towards the Warm season — 2022-04-29
Qingdao Beers (600600) Incident Assessment Report: Performance: Downside Risks, Epidemic Presumptive Consumption, Unexpected Season Sales, Unpredicted Prices, Increased Raw Materials, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.