+5.37 per cent of business income achieved by firm 2022h1; equal rate of increase in net return q2 sales, with the first half of the epidemic perturbing the upward trend in product structure
Some parts of 2022q1, including the main camp, have been hit by the epidemic, beer consumption has been contained, q2 has improved, corporate sales have been quickly repaired, single-quarter beer sales have been combined, company prices are compared to 300 deep.
Two hundred and fifty-nine thousand litres, an increase of 0.5 per cent over the same period, resulted in a total sales of 4.72 million litres of beer for 2022h1, a shortfall from the previous year (-1.0 per cent), but a smaller q1 ring harvest (q1 total sales - 2.8 per cent). Structurally, 2.6 million litres of beer were sold for the first half of the year for the main brand, Qingjia.
+2.85 per cent, of which 1.66 million litres, or 6.6 per cent, were sold for classic, pure and above-grade products; and 212,000 litres, or 5.4 per cent, were sold for other brands, even in the first half of the year, even in an environment partially affected by the epidemic.
• Structural upgrading + direct price increases, hedge cost pressures, Māori rates are more resilient as a result of the rise in raw materials such as barley, packagers, etc., with 2022h1 having the same cost per 1,000 litres of alcohol + 6.1 per cent, but benefiting from high product structure and direct price increases, with the same income per 1,000 litres of alcohol.
Up to 38.1 per cent, the impact of the q2 epidemic has been reduced, the restoration of the drinking scene has facilitated the sale of high- and medium-end products, the structuring upscaling has accelerated, with an equal rate of alcohol per 1,000 litres + 7.0 per cent, the Māori rate has increased by about 0.8 pct & C fees, increased profitability, and an accelerated increase in net interest rates of q2
2022H1 sales costs have decreased by 1.36 per cent over the year, sales costs by 0.75 pct to 11.03 per cent over the same year, and advertising and business extension costs have decreased mainly due to the impact of the epidemic. There have been significant savings in administrative costs, contributing to a decrease in management costs by 0.23 pct to 3.66 per cent over the same year;
q2 single-quarter net interest rate of 17.45 per cent, an increase of 2.2 pct over the same period, and accelerated gains in profitability.
At the end of the cost, the price of materials such as aluminium, glass, walnut paper, etc. continues to fall.
Cost pressures are expected to subside on a seasonal basis. Thus, q3 revenues and costs are expected to improve further, and the company’s fundamentals continue to grow stronger. In the medium and long term, the blisters are well-developed in medium and high-end prices, have a competitive mix of products such as hysteria, purity, white beverages, and have a strong brand and channel base.
With a more pluralistic structure, the future will continue to benefit from high-end growth. At the same time, the growth of the epidemic continues to increase, with higher expectations; prices of raw materials continue to rise; macroeconomic downward pressures increase; food products use legally compliant information and produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report come from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.