Incentives for smooth progress, enabling high-end transformation — Qingdao Beer (600600.sh) company review report, 21 July 2022
Qingdao beer (600600.sh)
The sale limit period will expire on 25 July 2022, and 619 incentive recipients will meet the conditions for the lifting of the sales limit, with a total of 4,359,428 shares of restricted stocks that can be unlocked, representing the total number of companies prior to the release.
Performance requirements are more liberal. According to the three core corporate equity incentive schemes, in 2020, for example, the company actually worked 11.59%, exceeding the test value of 8.1%, and more so by binding core managers and sharing performance growth.
See that, with 619 incentive recipients meeting the conditions for lifting sales, the remaining 610 incentive recipients, in addition to 9 senior managers, are the company ' s core managers, middle managers and core cadres, and have been awarded a limited stock of 12.98 million shares, representing 90.47 per cent of the total stock award.
The equity incentive program is a 4.5-fold strategy to stabilize core managers, ensure product structure upgrade companies, and the incentive target has successfully shared the growth process of corporate performance. Investment proposal: high-end momentum is gaining momentum, profit elasticity is accelerating.
The plan's beer industry, where equity incentives are targeted not only at the top, but also at middle-level managers' recent increase and decline (%) in staff stability, ensuring “brand leadership, innovation drive, quality first, benefits first, structure best”
Under stable management, six strategic directions will be put into effect in Shandong and China North, where product structural upgrading will accelerate and cost effectiveness will decrease.
Risk factors: repeated outbreaks, increased competition for high-end beer, higher prices of raw materials, Sinda Securities Inc.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, studied the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China.
The study focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, and focused on valuation and safety margins. Personal public: Food drinks research. No talking, deep-seated, slowly coming out. A solid industry study with temperature, trying to create prices for investors in conjunction with stock understanding.
The main areas covered are pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, succulent foods), spices (sophisticated with seafood, millet foods, smelting vegetables, succulent foods, Qinghai International, etc.).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research, development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, and one year of experience in food and beverage research.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.