Qingdao beer, structural upgrading trends continue, and profitability continues to improve. Qingdao beer reveals 2022 semi-annual reports.
The structural escalation trend has continued, with sales falling slightly from external factors. 1h22 achieved revenues of $19.97 billion, or +5.4 per cent, of the same value. (1) Sales were combined with the effects of the epidemic on the high-temperature weather network in June, and the company 1h22 achieved sales of 4.72 million litres of beer, or -1 per cent, slightly higher than the industry average. Of these, 2.6 million litres, or +2.8 per cent, were sold by Qingjia master brands; and Qingjia beer was evaluated in mid-2022.
The sales volume of high-end and above was 1.66 million litres, compared to +6.6 per cent for the same year: the trend of structural escalation continued. With the growth in sales of white and classic series products, 1h22 companies had beer tons worth more than $4,000 per kilolitre, compared to +6.5 per cent for the same year. (3) 2022 companies achieved 2.59 million litres of beer sales, compared to +0.4 per cent for the same year.
The growth of revenue is still strongly driven by structural upgrades. Benefiting from good cost control, profits keep growing at a high rate. (1) The 1h22 Māori ratio is 38.1%, and after removing the impact of the adjustment of accounting standards + 0.2 pct. We believe that in the original text, the ratio is +0.2 pct.
Corporate sales/management/research and development costs rate of 11 per cent/3.75 per.09 per cent, respectively, after removing the impact of accounting standard adjustments on sales costs, the ratio of -1.3 pct/-0.19 pct/+0.04 pct. As a result of the epidemic, 1h22 has slowed down the delivery of sales costs. (3) Benefited from good cost control, 1h22 net interest rate of 15.1 per cent, compared with 1.5 pct; realized net profit of non-mortality of $2.590 billion, the ratio of +20 per cent. (4) 2q22 Māori rate of 38.3 per cent, after removing the impact of accounting standard adjustments.
Future outlook: the short-term positive continues, with a strong long-term competitive advantage. (1) In the short term, temperatures continued to be high throughout the country during the month of 78. High-temperature weather will further stimulate the demand for beer.
(1) In the short term, and/or with a low base for the same period last year, it is expected that sales of corporate beer will accelerate in the second half of the year; prices of alcohol raw materials have been declining at the same rate since July.
In the context of the continuation of the trend, it is expected that corporate Māori rates will continue to rise in the second half of the year. (2) In the long term, the product-based matrix of “1+1+n” products will drive the sale of other niches with the development of the two classic, pure core product series; the channel will focus on the “one-and-one-way” region, with the expansion of the coastal rejuvenation, the acceleration of speed along the yellow, the liberation of the river, and the expansion of the Shandong base; the incentive mechanism will be the first to launch the equity incentive scheme in 2020, which will be the last year of the performance appraisal period. We believe that large, bordering base markets are the core competitive advantage of Qing island beer.
This is reflected in the growth in revenue and the rise in market share: Aoshima Beer: 1q22 has a robust increase in profits, product structure, changes in consumption groups affecting demand, fluctuations in raw materials costs, and the impact of the epidemic is more than expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.