The main brand growth was stable.q2 profit performance was excellent: Qingdao beer released in mid-2022, business income was $19.97 billion, Qingdao beer (600600.sh)
+5.4 per cent of the same year, the net profit to the mother was $2.85 billion, or +18.1 per cent of the same year; of these, q2 achieved a slight increase in sales of \triangleright q2 and a 1,000-litre increase in the number of places in which the alcohol income was higher.
100.7 billion yuan, or +7.5 per cent, sold 259,000 litres, or +0.4 per cent, or $3.88 million, or +7.0 per cent, of alcohol. The main brand has been sold 1.3 million litres, compared with the steady growth of the base market in Shandong, China and North China. For the subregion, Shandong, Huabei, Huadong, China and China continue to grow.
South-South, South-East, overseas external revenue is 118.1, 36.6, 14.4, 15.1, 4.7, 3.6. Cost contraction, q2 profit growth is excellent. 2022q2 Māori is 38.3 per cent, 1,000 litres of alcohol is high for digestive cost pressure, and Māori is equal to +0.8 pt.
The profit forecast and investment rating: the beer industry has a clear pattern and the high-end logic has been fulfilled, but the market has been somewhat different about the profit elasticity of the bean. We think Shandong and China North market produce.
The accelerated + cost-effectiveness of the upgrading of the structure of goods will release profit elasticities beyond market expectations, and risk factors are expected: repeated outbreaks, increased competition for high-end beer, rising prices of raw materials, faster release of profits.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The study focused on breaking down the industry and the shares, focusing on valuations and safety margins. Personality: walking-out food drinks research.
A solid industry study of temperature, combined with a stock understanding effort to create prices for investors, masters, graduate from the Central University of Finance, two years of food and beverage research and two years of bond research.
The master's degree in financial science, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States.
Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-regulated equity advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.