Qingdao beer (600600) food beverages q2 achieved full price increases and continued profitability to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The net return to the mother was 2.85 billion yuan, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period; of that amount, q2 received 10.7 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 7.5 per cent and 1.73 billion yuan in the same quarter, an increase of 23.8 per cent; corporate performance was well advanced and q2 achieved a rise in volume. On volume, 22h1 achieved sales of 4.72 million beer.
Since the national epidemic, the company q2 has been able to maintain a positive growth in sales. By grade, 22h1 major brands have achieved 2.6 million tons of sales, compared to +2.8 per cent.
22H1 total medium-to-high end product sales were 1.66 million tons, an increase of 6.6 per cent over the same period, while other brands sold 2.120,000 tons in the first half of the year, a decrease of 5.4 per cent over the same year, benefiting from a rapid increase in product structure; and (2) some product increases (pure, white, etc.) were carried out successfully, with 22H1 total tonnage rising by the same amount.
6.8 to 4040 yuan per ton. For the subregion, the company ' s market strategy has been very effective in both directions, with both large and small areas and traditionally strong north China showing positive results, with net profits increasing at a rate of +30 per cent/+16.1 per cent, respectively. • The product structure has continued to be optimized and profits have improved. The Māori ratio of 22h1 companies has risen by 38.1 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The Division continuously optimizes the product structure, with an increase in the share of high Māori products; and (2) lower prices for some raw materials, such as aluminium. In terms of cost rates, 22q2 sales cost 8.1%, a decrease of 0.2 pp from the same year, mainly as a result of the Department’s investment in reduced channel costs in some of the municipalities affected by the disease; and management cost rates are 0.5 to 3.5% from the same time.
The share of high- and medium-end products continues to rise, and the sales costs are well controlled, driving the corporate net interest rate of 22q2 as a whole up by 2.2 pp to 17.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Since July, there has been a high incidence of extreme temperatures in many parts of the country, and since July there has been research into the use of beer during this year's season, and the heat has continued, adding up to a relatively low base for the same period last year, with a projected double-digit increase in sales of q3. 2) On the product side, the company insists on a medium-to-high-end product strategy, driven by two primary + classic monolithic products, with white beads as its successor.
In addition, the company will continue to push for low-end, middle-end classic upgrades, including by increasing the canning rate, taking advantage of the company ' s strong sales base along the traditional strong markets along the yellow belt, and the overall ton price is expected to continue to rise. 3) The price of beer key raw materials is expected to fall, so as to ease cost pressures.
The corporate sector is well established, with a clear market strategy, a strong attitude toward high-end transformation, and a high-elasticity of company performance in the future. Qingdao beer (60000): the product structure continues to be optimized.
2. Qingdao beer (600,600): high-end fast, Qingdao beer (60000): short-term pressure is clear.
4. Qingdao Beers (600,600): The main brand has expanded rapidly and the national expansion has not been accelerated (2021-08-26) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.