Centre for Research in Resources and the Environment (RCRE) Aluminium shares (000807.sz) purchased (first rating) Green hydroelectric aluminum taps, profit-for-profit rehabilitation
Green Hydro-Aluminium Enterprises, with a change in the actual controller to the NAC: The company is a bauxite company with green hydropower as its main source of energy, producing 3 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide and 2.1 million of hydropower aluminium annually, and the Sino-Aluminium Group is committed to resolving the competition between the two in the future.
Aluminium oxide is oversupplied over a long period of time, and the price increases are very difficult: aluminium oxide is a filing system and electrolytic aluminium production is an approval system, which means that aluminium oxide is a flexible supply and demand is relatively rigid. Aluminium oxide production can be overstretched without abating the contradictions, with a reasonable operating space of $2,200/t-2500/t.
Aluminium prices hover around the cost line, and aluminum repairs are profitable: domestic supply pressure for electrolytic aluminium in 2020 will be high, the second half of the year will be a concentration period for new production, and the price of aluminum will hover near the cost line.
The average full cost of China’s electrolytic aluminium industry at the end of May 2020 was estimated at $12,223/t, including taxes, and the aluminium business was renovated for profit. We used $13,000/t as a forecast price for electrolytic aluminium over the next three years.
The provincial and South-East Asian consumer markets have a strong regional advantage. In 2019, the company raised an additional $2.1 billion for aluminium, earth mining resources and electrolytic aluminium production capacity, which will grow to about 3.2 million tons in the future, with benefits ranging from 2.48 million tons, 2.7 million tons and 3 million tons.
The cost of combined electricity in the post-natal phase of construction projects has declined: in 2019, the company ' s combined purchase price of electricity was about 0.33 yuan/degrees (including taxes), the price of electricity in construction projects was 0.28 yuan/degrees (including taxes), and the price of combined electricity was reduced to 0.3047 yuan/degrees (including taxes) after all construction projects were put into operation.
Division units reduced electricity costs by $116/31/35.
Right to pledge risk, share restrictions released: 2.488 million tons, 2.7 million tons, 3 million tons, 100 per cent sales. Aluminium and aluminium processing sales price: $12612 (excluding taxes) for corporate products in 2019 and long in 2019
The average spot price (including taxes) for aluminium is $13,941, and we expect the average spot price for aluminium in the Yangtze River for the period 2020-2022 Aluminium and aluminium processing costs: assuming that the unit depreciation cost for 2020-2022 is the same as in 2019, 361/361/361.
The market believes that aluminium prices will continue to rise, leading to higher equity prices. We believe that supply and demand in the electrolytic aluminium industry will remain weakly balanced over the next three years, and that aluminium prices will fluctuate near the cost line.
The rise in corporate stock prices is driven by a fall in future costs and a recovery in performance due to output growth. Prices will run low due to the overcapacity of aluminium oxide in the long term, while benefiting from low-cost production of the company, combined electricity costs are expected to fall. Three ongoing projects will be put into production, and the company's electrolytic aluminum capacity will run from 2.1 million.
Aluminium is a commodity, and price volatility is influenced by supply and demand and global liquidity. As central banks multiply international prices to markets, the renminbi’s exchange rate is weak, leading to a passive rise in domestic prices.
Risk of power shortages: The rainy season in Yunnan and the dry season is clear, with the rainy season in May-October and the dry season in November-April of the following year, with the risk of a reduction in hydroelectric power generation throughout the province due to insufficient precipitation. With Yunnan Province actively promoting hydropower aluminium, integrated development of the hydroelectric silicon industry, and historical power supply and demand in Yunnan Province,
In 2019, water was discarded at 1.7 billion kilowatt-hours, a decline of 15.8 billion kilowatt-hours from the same year, ending the history of large-scale water discards since mid-thirteen-five years. With energy-intensive industries pouring down on the ground, adding up to the dry season, the Yunnan electrolytic aluminium industry is likely to run the risk of insufficient power consumption during the dry season.
After the consolidation of 1.1 shares in the hydroelectric aluminum platform of the China-China Aluminium Group, the State Finance Committee of the State Council became the de facto controller of the Yunnan Aluminium Company Ltd. (hereinafter: Aluminium Aluminium Company), the predecessor of which was the Yunnan Aluminium Factory.
1970. In 1998, it was transformed into a state-owned holding company, and in April 1998 it became a implementer of the development of “green low-carbon hydropower aluminium” in the deep-seated country. In Toyunnan Province, based on its rich green hydropower energy advantage, the company has built a complete product of alumina-oxidized aluminium-carbon products-aluminium smelting-aluminium processing as one.
At present, the company has the capacity to produce 3 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.1 million tons of hydropower aluminium, 1.1 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing, and 800,000 tons of carbon products. According to the company ' s production plan, the company produced about 1.45 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2020, 2.48 million tons of hydropower aluminium production,
The production of aluminum alloys and processed products is estimated at 1.28 million tons, while the production of charcoal products is estimated at 700,000 tons.Aluminium shares used to be a State-owned enterprise in Yunnan Province, while the first shareholder has limited shares in Yunnan Metallurgical Group (Yonnan Metallurgical Group) and actually controls the State Finance Committee of Yunnan Province.
Following the signing of the Non-reimbursable Transfer Agreement between the State Investment Committee of the Province and China Aluminium Group of Companies of Yunnan Metallurgical Group Inc., the effective controlling party of the Aluminium shares was changed from the State Finance Committee of Yunnan Province to the State Treasury Committee of the State Council of State, and the shareholders in the company holding shares of the stock of the company were still in the process of transferring the shares, the Aluminium Shares and the Chinese Aluminium Company (601,600) were listed under the flag of the China Aluminium Group.
Aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, and aluminium-based aluminium-processing business are competing with the China-Aluminium group. To this end, the China-Aluminium group has committed itself to start planning the integration of the Chinese aluminium industry with the Chinese-Aluminium industry in 2019, and to complete it within five years.
Mutual competition, the commitment of the China-Aluminium Group to resolve over five years through asset injections, asset swaps, asset divestiture, etc.
The total stock stock of the company increased to 3,128 million shares after the end of the closed distribution, with the first shareholder remaining in the cloudmelt group, 1.2 continuing production of the construction project and increasing production of electrolytic aluminium, the company's main business being bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and charcoal for aluminium.
The main products are aluminium oxide, aluminum carbon, aluminum in remelting, aluminum poles, aluminum alloys, aluminum slabs, etc. Figure 4: The company's main product involves various segments of the aluminium chain.
In 2019, the company earned 58% of the revenue from the electrolytic aluminium business, 39% from the aluminium processing business, and the impact of the fall in the trading industry, while the company cleaned up its historical burden once and lost 1,466 million yuan in net profits to its parent, the largest loss since the company was listed. In 2019, it benefited from a recovery in aluminium prices, improved profits, and realized the company.
Net profit attributable to the parent company was 495 million yuan, an increase of 134 per cent in the same year, and basic eps.0.19 yuan.
In the past five years, production has shown an upward trend, and output growth has partially offset the impact of lower aluminium prices on income and profits. Because aluminium products are bulk products, the share of sales is close to 100%. In 2019, as priority projects have been built, the company generated 1.9 million tons of electrolytic aluminium.
Production will continue to increase in the future, as the company’s capacity is gradually reaching production levels. Figure 7: Sustained growth in corporate production of electrolytic aluminium 2. Lower costs due to lower aluminium oxide and profitable restoration of electrolytic aluminium.
Aluminium is a cyclical industry with a wide range of downstream applications Aluminium (also known as primary aluminium, electrolytic aluminium, aluminum ingots) is a coloured gold in the world produced and used only after steel.
As a result of technological progress, aluminium and aluminum alloys can gradually be replaced by a variety of materials such as wood, steel, plastic and so on.
Real estate: Aluminium is used to manufacture doors and windows, curtain walls, and decorative boards, escalators, and large staircases.
The real estate sector has become the most important downstream consumption area for aluminium, such as construction structures: (2) transport: (iii) aluminium is widely used in the manufacturing of related parts and components in motor vehicles, railways, space, etc., because of its many characteristics, such as low density, light quality, higher intensity, good resistance to shocks and corrosion: (3) aluminium
Export of materials and aluminium alloys: China has experienced a slowdown in the export of aluminium in recent years as a result of the slowdown in overseas demand and various trade disputes over aluminium, but the overall volume of exports is still relatively large: (4) Electricity: due to the good conductivity of aluminium, low electrical performance and density and light quality characteristics used in the electricity industry to manufacture electrical cables, parent wires and conductors
The aluminium industry is divided into aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing, and China has become the world's leading sub-industry.
Aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium producing and consuming countries are among the major contributors to the growth in production and consumption of aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium globally. The global supply of bauxite resources is adequate to ensure the supply of raw materials for the production of electrolytic aluminium; China has an excess capacity for the production of electrolytic aluminium, which ensures the timely and sufficient supply of raw materials in the aluminium processing industry.
Downstream consumer demand is closely linked, with the aluminium processing industry below the industrial chain being the focus of investment by enterprises in a context of excess up-to-middle-motivated capacity. 2.2 Aluminium oxide: oversupply over a long period of time and high price increases are difficult
Aluminium oxide is produced in two main ways: by Bayer, by scalding, by which aluminium oxide ceases to function relatively easily, leading to significant fluctuations in aluminium oxide production in line with fluctuations in the price of aluminium oxide. For example, the price trend in the last three years: in May 2017, the domestic price of aluminium oxide fell to 2300 yuan per ton, which led to a decline in the price of aluminium oxide in the country.
Most of the country ' s aluminium oxide enterprises lost their monthly production from 6.44 million tons in May 2017 to 5.86 million tons in August 2017, followed by a rebound in aluminium oxide prices to $3800 per ton; in the first half of 2018, affected by the United States sanctions on Russian aluminium and the cessation of pollution at the Brazilian Baydru Aluminium Aluminium Aluminium Aluminium Bank in the first half of 2018, and the domestic price of aluminium oxide.
The price of aluminium oxide increased significantly, from 2600 to 3200 tons, affected by price increases, and the production of aluminium internal oxide increased from 5.6 million to 6.2 million tons per month, resulting in a drop in prices, followed by a near-abundance of all previous increases in aluminium oxide prices; as prices continued to fall, 2019
Aluminium oxide companies continued to fall in profits in March of that year, and aluminium oxide companies began to reduce their production premiums. Thus, changes in the price of aerobic aluminium has had a significant impact on aluminium oxide production. According to the International Aluminium Association (IAi), global production of aluminium oxide in 2019 was approximately 1,141,000 tons,
Consumption is estimated at 12,985,000 tonnes, or 1.56 million tonnes; Chinese production of aluminium oxide is estimated at 71.15 million tonnes; net imports of aluminium oxide are estimated at 1.37 million tonnes; consumption is estimated at 72.98 million tonnes; there is a shortfall of 60,000 tonnes; and there is a basic balance between supply and demand. As of the end of December 2019, the capacity utilization rate of the global aluminium oxide industry, including China, was estimated to be around 7.15 million tonnes.
81% of the Aluminium Oxide plants in China have a capacity utilization rate of approximately 82.2%, and the capacity utilization rate is high. In terms of supply and demand, the Aluminium Oxide market in China has been in surplus for a long period of time, with only two supply shortfalls (the 2019 balance of supply and demand) in the last eight years, all due to emergencies.
Aluminium oxide prices fell sharply in the second half of the year, with the Chinese market experiencing cost reversals in all but the cash profits of the Aluminium Oxide industry in Guangxi, which led to a combined reduction in the production of the Aluminium Oxide enterprise in the country. As a result, there was a supply shortage in the global and Chinese aluminium oxide markets in 2016.
The world’s largest single-body aluminium oxide producer, 6.4 million tons of aluminium oxide production, accounted for about 5% of global production. The closure of tailings in 2018 caused a shortage of international market supplies, with international prices being higher for the first time than domestic prices, and China becoming a net exporter of aluminium oxide for the first time, which also directly led to China’s aluminium oxide market.
Aluminium oxide production capacity is a filing system, and electrolytic aluminium production capacity is an approval system, which means that aluminium oxide supply is flexible and demand is relatively rigid. Aluminium oxide production capacity is not within the range of clean-up, which means that the uncontrolled expansion of aluminium oxide production will continue. We expect that by mid-2020, aluminium oxide production capacity will continue.
Aluminium oxide is newly produced in China in the amount of about 6.5 million tons, mainly in the south of Guangxi and Guizhou. From the source of raw materials, China imports a large amount of bauxite and aluminium oxide from Australia, Guinea, Malaysia, India, among other countries every year.
In January-May 2020, China produced 1.81 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, a corresponding demand for 28.44 million tons of aluminium oxide, and China produced 28.93 million tons of aluminium oxide, a net import volume of 1.18 million tons (January-April 2020), and a domestic market.
In the long term, aluminium oxide is a raw material for electrolytic aluminium, and its reasonable price should cover the average cost of an industry enterprise. We see that the price and cost of aluminium oxide have been changing since 2017.
A rebound in August 2019, after touching the cost line, is mainly related to the flexible production of aluminium oxide, which is now valued at $2255/t (17 June 2020) and the average full cost (including taxes) of 2217/t in May 2020 for the aluminium oxide industry, which is largely at the same price as the average industry cost.
Aluminium oxide is currently at the bottom of the cycle, with some aluminium oxide companies starting to cut production. A negative increase in domestic aluminium oxide production was recorded in January-May 2020, and a recent rebound in coal and foil prices supported the price of aluminium oxide, which we believe has the potential to rebound in the short term.
The contradiction between excess production capacity has not been alleviated, there has been a limited rebound in later prices, with aluminium oxides at a reasonable operating area of $2200-2500 per ton. We use $2,400 per ton as a forecast price for aluminium oxide over the next three years.
Aluminium oxide is the raw material for the production of electrolytic aluminium and, in its cost composition, aluminium oxide and electricity account for about 70-80% of the cost of electrolytic aluminium. In addition, anodecial carbonol, fluorinated aluminium, crystallite, etc. are also produced by electrolytic aluminium.
From 2012 to date, China has experienced two changes in the production capacity of the electrolytic aluminium region. The first was a shift from high-priced areas dominated by Henan, Shandong and Xinjiang to low-priced areas dominated by Inner Moon and Xinjiang: the second change.
As a result of the continued increase in new production capacity and the high shutdown costs in the cell, China’s production of electrolytic aluminium has continued to increase, with only three negative increases since 2003. For the first time since the 2008 financial crisis, China’s electricity and electricity production have increased.
The sharp drop in aluminium prices led to the suspension of the company; the second, by the end of 2015, the price of aluminium had fallen to almost 20 years of the lowest price, the price of which could not cover production costs, and the domestic electrolytic aluminium enterprise had opted to suspend production; and the third, by 2019, was affected by the continuing loss in the electrolytic aluminium industry, which delayed the start of new production, while the electrolytic process was delayed.
As a result of the high cost of reproducing the cell and the fall in aluminium prices did not result in a complete exit from the market at high cost, the production was suspended. After the aluminium price rebounded, the production of suspended businesses restarted their production capacity, resulting in an overall increase in domestic production of electrolytic aluminium.
In March 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) stated that the electrolytic aluminum production capacity would continue to move forward, and that the Government, instead of referring to indicators, was effectively advancing by industry associations, enterprises, in accordance with the requirements of the regulations, in accordance with the supply and demand of the market, in line with the optimal structure of the industry, and in line with the requirements of the reform of the enterprise. In our view, this statement is indicative of future production.
It's an administrative shift to market, with government agencies shifting to industry associations. According to the market, there are no major excesses or shortages in the supply and demand of electrolytic aluminium, and the overall supply and demand of the market is weak. In the context of supply-side reforms, 45 million tons will be electrolysis for some time to come.
In terms of demand, the rapid growth in global aluminium consumption has passed, with China’s demand for electrolytic aluminium rising for the first time in 2019. As a result of the epidemic, China’s electrolytic aluminium industry experienced its longest burden in the last three years in the first quarter of 2020.
The inventory of the Shanghai Futures Exchange increased from 185,000 tons at the beginning of the year to 534,000 tons at the end of March, and the stock of the domestic community grew from 572,000 tons at the beginning of the year to 1,643 million tons at the end of March, an increase of two months from the same period in 2019. The domestic stock fell when the epidemic subsided in March, while the overseas market.
As a result of the rapid spread of the epidemic, the stock of the London Commodity Exchange has increased from 967,000 tons to 162 million tons, and has not yet been closed. Since the proportion of aluminium exports is about 10%, the spread of the epidemic abroad will have a negative impact on the aluminium export market.
Figure 16: Explosion-affected overseas market stocks have grown rapidly since March, and there has been no simultaneous decrease in the production of electrolytic aluminium since 2017, when the electrolytic aluminium industry cleaned up its illegal capacity, which has led to the restoration of zombie production in the form of an indicator transfer, on the one hand, and Yunnan and Guangxi, on the other.
According to information from Begawa, China ' s total production of electrolytic aluminium was 1.55 million tons in 2020, with an outstanding production capacity of 1.21 million tons. In 2020, China ' s new production capacity of electrolytic aluminium was 1.55 million tons, with a new production capacity of 1.18 million tons.
In March 2020, domestic and international aluminium prices fell to a historically low level, and aluminium prices once fell below the industry’s average cash cost, triggering a partial reduction in the production of electrolytic aluminium. With the rebound of aluminium prices in May, industry profits shifted from negative to negative.
We believe that domestic pressure on the supply of electrolytic aluminium will remain high in 2020, and that the second half of the year will be new.
We measure that China's electrolytic aluminium industry, on average, was fully formed at the end of May 2020, at US$ 12,223 per tonne (including taxes), and, given the cost of a rebound in prices of late-oxidation aluminium, we anticipate that the average full cost of the industry will rise to US$ 12,500 per tonne (including taxes). We're using US$ 12,738 per tonne.
June 17th, 17th: 13840 ton) is high. Because of the dual nature of aluminium as a commodity and as a financial asset, global liquidity injections into the market helped raise aluminium prices, we used $13,000 per ton as electricity for the next three years. Chart 20: Rapid Remediation of the Electrolytic Aluminium Industry in May 2020
In October 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency jointly issued a report on promoting water in the south-west region.
Electric Discharge Notification (Sichuan and Yunnan Province Science Development Order) (Sichuan and Yunnan Provinces) is required to put an end to new water discards later in the 13th Five-Year Plan, while the provinces are required to take advantage of the low cost of remaining hydropower margins to conduct pilot hydroelectric and energy enterprise power grids to increase the number of power plants.
In the same month, the Yunnan People’s Government issued an Implementation Opinion on Promoting Integrated Development of Hydro-Alluminium (Yun-seung No. 65) which raised the importance of promoting the development of hydro-aluminum as a whole, noting that the development of the hydroelectric-aluminum industry in Yunnan would contribute to the promotion of a clean energy industry.
Deep integration of the aluminium industry, the transformation of green hydropower advantages into economic advantages, the promotion of greater poverty alleviation through large industries, the promotion of poverty alleviation in poor areas and areas with deep poverty, the promotion of proactive services and integration into a collaborative development strategy in Kyoto, and the effective mitigation of environmental problems in the North.
Today, more than 90% of China’s electrolytic aluminium production is pyrotechnic, mainly in the north and northwest of China. Hydropower is a clean energy source that reduces emissions by more than 90%. Yunnan Province is one of the richest regions in the world in terms of water resources.
The construction of five or so integrated industrial parks for hydropower and aluminium throughout the province, with a capacity of 6 million tons, is aimed at eliminating 100 billion kWh of hydropower per year. Since electricity and water are purchased mainly from the electricity grid, investment in the electric power plant can be reduced, and financial costs reduced, compared to that of the electric power company that uses its own power plant.
Thousands of kilowatts, of which 79,917,000 kilowatts were installed for clean energy (water and electricity, 67,79 million kilowatts, wind power, 86.28 million kilowatts and solar energy, 34.99 million kilowatts), accounted for 84.12 per cent of the total installed capacity.
The six main water systems, such as the Vadi River, can develop 92% of the total installed capacity in Yunnan Province. At the present time, the Yangtze and Jinsha Rivers are in the Tian level, and the Fury River has not yet been developed. According to the company's 2019 report, Yunnan was installed in 2025.
For Yunnan Province, under the current clean-energy loading, it will be able to meet the energy consumption demand of the next 6 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production. In the surrounding provinces of Yunnan, Guizhou, Guangxi, Viet Nam, Laos, etc., the bauxite is rich.
Ten thousand tons, 5.43 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in the three governorates, 1,043 million tons of aluminium oxide, and 3.2 million tons of aluminium oxide surplus. Considering the additional 4 million tons of aluminium electrolytic capacity in Yunnan in the future, there is an additional 7.68 million tons of demand for aluminium oxide, which will not only consume 3.22 million tons of aluminium oxide in the three provinces that are currently surplus, but also produce aluminium oxide.
These additional needs can be addressed through the new 2 million tons of aerobics and a 2.5 million tons of aluminium oxide in China and around the world in 2019. Guangdong is China’s major aluminium processing base, producing 4.94 million tons of aluminium in China and China in 2019.
Yunnan is 1,500 kilometers from Guangdong, and transport costs of aluminum in the form of rail freight costs of 0.15-0.16 yuan per ton are estimated at about 230 yuan per ton. Yunnan is also an important portal developed by China for South and East and South Asia, helping to open up large consumer markets for nearly 3 billion people in South and South-East Asia.
In January 2018, the Yunnan Provincial Development Council, the Yunnan Provincial Price Office and the Yunnan Province Energy Agency issued a circular on the special electricity programme to promote the integrated development of hydropower aluminium at a fully fledged price (No.
Industry, implemented at a electric price of 0.25 yuan in the first five years, the annual incremental rate of electricity for the electrolytic aluminium production five years after it became operational was increased by 1.2 cents per year from the sixth year to 0.3 yuan caps. Electricity is the main component of the electrolytic aluminium cost. Weighted by China ' s electrolytic aluminium enterprise in December 2019
Using electricity prices of 0.3109 yuan (including taxes), based on 13,500 degrees of consumption of 13,500 tons of aluminium, the cost of electricity for aluminium, which moved from the provinces to Yunnan with its own indicators, is $822/ton lower than the average cost of China's electrolytic aluminium industry (including taxes). 3.2 Aluminium hydropower production capacity continues to expand.
The company built an integrated industrial chain of green, low-carbon hydropower and aluminium based on renewable clean hydropower energy, and in the first half of 2019 it achieved 100% full-process production of green, low-carbon renewable hydropower. As a result of the use of energy by the public administration to purchase hydropower from the grid, the company ' s production capacity was not limited by the season of heating and self-contained power plants.
As a result of the company’s full compliance capacity, in 2017 the state’s clean-up of the production irregularities in the electrolytic aluminium industry was not affected by the shutdown, while the company’s electrolytic aluminum production was expanding in reverse.
At the end of 2018, the company produced 1.7 million tons of hydroelectric aluminium: in 2019, with the completion of the Zhaotun I project and the crane Qing I project, the company increased its hydropower aluminium production capacity to 2.1 million tons in 2019. In the future, with the construction of the 350,000 tons project in Zhaotung II, the 250,000 tons project in crane Qing II, and the 500,000 tons in Mansan aluminium project, the project will be completed.
In 2021, the company ' s hydropower and aluminium production capacity will increase to about 3.2 million tons and its equity capacity to about 2.56 million tons.
In the overall plan for recovery and reconstruction of the country and in the policy measures on “Planning for a clean hydropower and aluminium energy industry”, the company built a 700,000 tons of hydropower and aluminium project per year in Zhaotung City. The total investment of $6,058 million in the project has now been completed and 350,000 tons of the Tsun I project has been completed and 350,000 tons of Tshoto II project has been completed.
In July 2017, the Aluminium shares issued an announcement to speed up the implementation of the “Growing Up, Optimizing the Middle” rise.
In December 2019, the company announced that it was building hydroelectric aluminium II in cranes. The project had a total investment of 2,413 million yuan, with a capacity of 210,000 tons, and the project had been completed.
On 30 December 2017, the company issued an announcement on the company's shares, in accordance with the general arrangement of the provincial council and the provincial government “to actively promote the integrated development of hydroelectric aluminium in Yunnan, based on the enrichment of hydropower energy advantages”.
In order to further extend the industrial value chain, the capital subsidiary Wenshan Aluminium Industries, through the full utilization of its mineral, aluminium oxide resources and surplus hydroelectric energy advantages in Yunnan Province, will construct a base for the production of aluminium from bauxite-aluminum-hydro-aluminum complex, with the intention of implementing a green low-carbon hydroelectric aluminium from Yunnan Mountain Aluminium Industries Ltd. in Wenshan City, State-level poor county.
Integration projects. The total investment in this project is approximately 4,442 million yuan, generating 500,000 tonnes/year of hydroelectric aluminium production capacity, with a project construction cycle of 2018-2020. Electricity is an important component of the cost of electrolytic aluminium, accounting for 40% of the cost of electrolytic aluminium production.
According to data disclosed by the company, the value of the company ' s share of the future projects, including 700,000 tons, 420,000 tons of crane Qing and 500,000 tons of Mansan electricity, is 0.28 yuan/degree of the price of electricity.
The original electric price for electrolytic aluminium production was 1.58 million tons of electrolytic aluminium at 0.33 degrees (including taxes), the additional electrolytic aluminium at 1.62 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production at 0.28 yuan (including taxes), and the combined electricity use price was reduced from 0.33 to 0.3047 yuan (including taxes).
Aluminium production costs can be reduced by 342 yuan per ton (including taxes). Moreover, according to the Chinese aluminium industry ' s mid-term credit rating report for the second quarter of 2019, China Aluminum Group and Yunnan Province have made arrangements for electricity prices, and the price of electricity (including taxes) for the storage, non-indicated and incremental electrolytic aluminium production is expected to fall.
In 2019, the company formally joined the Chinese aluminium group. The Chinese aluminium group is China’s leading business in the non-ferrous metals industry, and China’s aluminium industry is China’s largest aluminium oxide producer.
Resources, enhancing the bargaining power of companies to control their energy costs, building on good synergies between the China-China Aluminium platform and large electricity companies, increasing the amount of electricity that companies have in their interests and increasing their competitive advantage in energy costs through direct power supply, capital cooperation, etc.; and, secondly, fully utilizing the operating capital of the China-Aluminium Consortium.
Source and market resources to further expand product markets and reduce the cost of bulk feed procurement and system logistics: Third, through the advantages of the financial resources of the China-Aluminium Group, to further broaden access to finance, provide stronger financial security for corporate production and industrial development, and reduce the cost of financing.
3.4 The company has developed a complete industrial chain from bauxite mining -- aluminium oxide production -- electrolytic aluminium production -- aluminium processing. Although the company ' s bauxite and precalcineral production capacity does not meet 100% of the electrolytic aluminium requirements, the company can do so through
External procurement (market procurement + procurement of aluminium in China) to address the shortage of raw materials. The company's subsidiary, Mansan Aluminium Industries, produces aluminium oxide, of which 800,000 tonnes/year are produced under the Aluminum Oxide Phase I project, which was launched in 2012 and 600,000 tonnes/year are designed for the Aluminium Oxide II project in Mansan.
In 2019, it was officially operational: the sum of production capacity for the Aluminum Industry Phase I and Phase II projects was 1.4 million tons. The company ' s bauxite production capacity was 2.64 million tons/year, and based on a 1 ton of aluminium oxide consumed 2.5 tons of bauxite ore, the company ' s bauxite ore was able to meet only 1.06 million tons of aluminium oxide production requirements, less than the portion of which needed to be outsourced.
The company ' s bauxite supply comes from the redshelk bauxite mining project and the bauxite sales project. As a result of the continued mining of two mines over the years, the remaining reserves of available resources are decreasing and, at the latest, starting in 2022, the redshelk bauxite mining project and the bauxite sales project will no longer provide aluminium for the production of aluminum oxide in Mansan aluminium.
To this end, in 2018, the company organized a public launch to raise funds for a project for the integrated use of low- and medium-grade bauxite in Mansan (the Project for the Cleaning of Tills and 3 million tonnes/years), which increased the company ' s bauxite production capacity to 2.92 million tons (80 million tons of aluminium were produced by the Project).
Land mines, 3 million tons of bauxite per year are produced to meet the company’s needs for the production of 1.17 million tons of aerobic aluminium.
The company ' s capacity to produce 1.6 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, which is not enough for out-sourcing, consumes 0.5 tons of precalculation anodes. In February 2018, the company signed an Investment Cooperation Agreement with Sotoon Development to create Sotoon Aluminium, of which 468 million yuan, or 65 per cent of the registered capital, was financed by Sotoon Development.
Twenty-two million yuan, or 35 per cent of the registered capital.
The company's main products are aluminium oxide, charcoal, aluminum and aluminium processing products, aluminium oxide and carbon are not sold out as raw materials for aluminum, some of the company's aluminum aluminum processing products are used to produce aluminum processing products and about 1 ton of aluminum processing products are produced, so we combine the revenues and costs of aluminum and aluminum processing products.
Aluminium and aluminium processing sales: 1,856.5 million tons sold in 2019, company production projected at 2.48 million tons, 2.7 million tons and 3 million tons in 2020-2022, with a sales rate of 100 per cent. Aluminium and aluminium processing prices: $12612 (without taxes) in 2019 and 2019
The average spot price (including taxes) of the Yangtze Aluminium is $13,941, and we expect the same variation in the sale price of the Yangtze Aluminium in 2020-2022 as in the Yangtze Aluminium price, i.e. 2020-Aluminium and aluminium processing costs: assuming that the unit depreciation cost for 2020-2022 is the same as in 2019
The main changes in the cost of raw materials are aluminium oxide and aromatic carbon.
We do not include the Chinese aluminium industry in the industry’s average market surplus. Macroeconomic downside risks: aluminium is typical of a cyclical industry, and industrial fluctuations are closely related to the economic cycle.
Industry policy risk: If supply-side reform policies are relaxed, this does not exclude the possibility of a significant increase in the production of electrolytic aluminium, which in turn leads to a significant drop in the price of aluminium.
During the four-year dry season, there may be a risk of insufficient electricity and water consumption during the dry season. Production is not as high as expected: future growth in corporate production is due mainly to the completion of the Akbar industry in Tsung Tung II, crane Qing II, and Chinese aluminum, which would result in production below expectations if the construction of the project is delayed.
Increased cost risk: Aluminium oxide costs are mainly related to bauxite, salin, coal, electrolytic aluminium costs are mainly related to coal, electricity, solar carbon, reverse changes in raw material prices pose a risk to the company ' s equity pledge: the number of unplugged shares of the major shareholder ' s cloud group is 177 million shares, representing the total share
5.65 per cent of this amount, or 15.91 per cent of the shares held in it, and the final rating is then calculated on an average basis as an average market investment