On 30 August, the Business and Industry Bank published its semi-annual report on the overall level of corporate operations, which is in line with expectations.
Annual group profits of $31,488,07 million, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the previous year; net profits due to the increase in the size of total interest-bearing assets of $149,796 million; corporate concessions to the economy, reducing the cost of enterprise financing and accelerating the shift of the lpr loan pricing benchmark, with a net interest gap of 1.98 per cent in the first half of the year and a narrow rate of 15bp.
• Loans have continued to grow in size and have grown faster: firms have pursued counter-cyclical adjustment policies and increased their access to finance, with the fastest growth of 25.8 per cent compared to the end of last year, mainly due to the rapid growth of loan products on-line in such inclusive areas as operating fast loans and e-credit.
• Reduced cost-income ratios and increased loan provision rates: 18.50 per cent cost-earning ratios for companies, compared to the previous year, mainly in response to the increase in non-performing loans in the context of the epidemic. • Growth in non-performing lending rates and capital supplementation: 1.5 per cent in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 7bp from the end of last year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, which has led to difficulties in paying off businesses. Breaking up, the company-type non-performing loan rate is 2.09%. Non-performing individual loan rate is 0.65%. Total credit quality is proposed for additional secondary capital instruments of up to $130 billion, and future capital is expected to continue.
Investment Recommendations: As the leading Chinese banking industry and the world ' s largest asset class, business and industry bank finance " Net interest margin narrows, roe maintains a higher level " , with a full license plate and a strong customer base and market competitiveness.
There are five core competitivenesss: a strong customer base, low-cost liabilities, a well-developed Debt Cost Advantage, and a constant flow of asset quality towards a credit structure, high-quality assets, strict wind control, etc.
With the development of transition and financial technology, companies are able to withstand multiple cycles and practical tests, so 2020 we're looking at the industry. We use ddm and relative valuation methods to value the industry.