In the second half of the year, the geese will continue to play a role in supporting real-estate economic benefits, with a temporary impact on the company's asset-end rate of return and fee-earning growth, taking into account the fact that the industry, as a major State-owned industry, will continue to play a `geese head' role.
And, at the same time, continued progress in the second half of the year in the reform of the lpr will put further pressure on the company’s interest differential, so we downgrade the company’s rating to an increase. The recovery rate has picked up, and the cost of credit has risen significantly.
Net interest income for the first half of the year increased by 2.42 per cent compared to 1.69 percentage points compared to the first quarter owing to the fall in interest differentials. The first half-year fee income increased by 0.5 per cent compared to the previous quarter and decreased by 2 percentage points compared to the first quarter, mainly due to the implementation of a fee-concession policy by the Bank, and the same decrease in settlement and cash management, private banks, investment banks and guarantees and commitments. While net interest income and fees increased by 1 quarter compared to the previous quarter, there was a decline in income from other operations.
The decrease in income was narrower than in the first quarter, resulting in a 1.25 per cent increase in business income in the first half of the year. The increase was better than in the first quarter (-3.62 per cent). In order to address the potential risks of the epidemic to banking operations, the company was able to make a larger provision in the first half of the year, the credit cost rose from 1.01 per cent to an increase in the first half of the year.
At the end of the day, the bank deposits also grew at a faster rate, increasing by 8.40/3.50% at the end of the six-month period, respectively. Poor book runs, asset quality classifications are more robust.
At the end of the six-month period, the percentage of loans/deprived loans by companies that were more than 90 days overdue was 61.9 per cent, compared with the level at the beginning of the year.
The Bank of Commerce and Industry published its semi-annual report for 2020, with net profits equal to -11.4 per cent in the first half of 2020.
Net interest income for the first half of the year increased by 2.42 per cent compared to 1.69 percentage points in the first quarter, owing to interest differentials. The first half of the year saw an increase of 0.5 per cent compared to the previous quarter and a decrease of 2 percentage points compared to the first quarter, mainly due to the implementation by the Bank of a policy of concessionality, and a similar decrease in the liquidation and cash management, private banks, investment banks and guarantees and commitments.
In response to the potential risks of the epidemic to banking operations, companies increased their provision in the first half of the year, with credit costs rising from 1.01 per cent to 1.48 per cent from 0.47 percentage points to 1.48 per cent.
Business and industry banks recorded a 2.13 per cent net interest spread in the first half of the year, down from 7bp in the first quarter, down by 16bp in the same year, largely affected by the decline in interest-bearing asset end-to-end rates of return. In the first half of the year, firms continued to make concessions to the real economy, lowering the pricing of loans, while interest-bearing asset end-to-end rates fell by 15bp compared to the beginning of the year, while the end-of-debt cost fell by only 5bp, making it difficult to affect the downside of asset end-to-end earnings.
Looking forward to the second half of the year, the industry, as a major state-owned company, will continue to play a major role in the implementation of the State ' s policy of cutting fees, lowering loan interest rates, and supporting the economic development of the entity. The asset-end rate of return will continue its downward trend, while the debt-end deposits will remain relatively high (82.6%, 2020h), with relatively rigid costs, and we expect the company ' s interest differential will be reduced slightly in the second half of the year.
In the context of the lower gold interest rate, the industry ' s partner liability ring increased by 40%, the share of the debt increased by 1.5 percentage points from the beginning of the year to 1.5% at the end of the six-month period and 7bp at the end of the year.
Business and industry banks have a six-month-old coverage rate of 195 per cent at the end of the year, a decline of 4.68 percentage points over the first quarter, and a recovery in the growth rate of business and banking operations over the first quarter, but the increase in the size of the provision has resulted in a negative increase in net return profits.
The profit side will continue to play a “geese head” role, which will have a temporary impact on the company’s asset-end rate of return and fee-earning growth, as well as further straining of the company’s interest differentials in the second half of the year, so that we downgrade the company’s rating. The economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Observing economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.