ZTE (000063 CH)
A defensive play with long runway for growth
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB39.5
ZTE's recent update on Al-related development: At a recent investor relations
(Previous TP
RMB41.7)
event, the Company shed light on its progress in Al development for the B2B sector.
Up/Downside
+20.9%
The Company featured a foundational Al model, a R&D model (Al-assisted
RMB32.68
Current Price
programming), a telecom model (streamline telecom carriers' operations), and an
industry-specific model (focusing on urban governance) aimed to be rolled out
China Technology
between year-end and early 2024. Capitalizing on the Al momentum spurred by
Lily YANG, Ph.D
ChatGPT in 1H23, the Company is set to debut new computational products and is
on track to launch an AI server, specifically engineered for intensive model training.
We observe rising popularity of satellite communication, as Huawei's
Kevin ZHANG
Mate60Pro could support satellite calling. ZTE's Axon 50 Ultra can also facilitate
two-way communication (messages) via the BeiDou satellite system. In a recent
milestone, ZTE partnered with China Telecom, UNISOC and Vivo and achieved the
Stock Data
first-ever domestic 5G NTN (non-terrestrial network) field test in China. This
accomplishment signifies the successful establishment of a bi-directional connection
for 5G NTN mobile phones, directly linked to satellites in a real-world setting. We
believe ZTE will be a key beneficiary in this market, considering more consumer
electronics will be equipped with satellite communications.
Shareholding Structure
5G to 6G, into the next chapter: With increasing interest in satellite
communications, the market is waiting for the progress of 6G development. CAICT
predicted that the number of 6G terminal connections of various types will increase
Share Performance
by more than 30 times compared to 2022, and the average monthly traffic will
increase by more than 130 times, which will significantly drive the demand for
telecommunication equipment. Given ZTE's strong presence in the relevant fields,
Source: FactSet
it is well-positioned to extend its leadership into the 6G competition.
H-share: maintain BUY with unchanged TP of HK$29.4. We update TP of A-
12-mth Price Performance
(RM
000063 CHSZCOMP (Rebased)
share to RMB39.5 based on 16.5x (3-year avg.) rollover FY24E P/E. Maintain
BUY. Currently, the Company is experiencing steady growth, marked by a
continuous increase in market share and a noticeable enhancement in gross profit
margins. Key areas of focus include: 1) the Company's progress in the server
market, especially for AI servers, 2) the development and commercialization
progress of foundational large models in their v2.0 iteration, 3) R&D efforts in
Source: FactSet
satellite communication, as well as investment opportunities in related industry
chains, and 4) the latest development in the realm of 6G. Potential risks include
China-US trade tensions, additional component restriction/technology ban, and 5G
deployment delays.
Earnings Summary
ZTE has a broad presence in the AI server ecosystem
In the field of computational infrastructure, ZTE already has a full range of servers and
storage products, including general servers, GPU servers, liquid-cooled servers, as well as
all-flash storage products and hybrid flash storage products, spanning across the majority
of Al server ecosystem.
Source: CMBIGM estimates
While the industry is currently focused on large-scale generic models, the real concern for
businesses should be on their value in specific industry applications. In view of this, ZTE is
set to offer Al infrastructure services tailored to foundational models that span a wide range
of knowledge zones. Not only will they provide comprehensive support for model training
and logical reasoning, but also introduce specialized models targeting specific industry
needs, ensuring an overall smooth digital transformation.
ZTE joining the satellite communication league
In 2022, amid a sluggish mobile market, satellite communication emerged as a vital
breakthrough for many handset companies. Apple's iPhone 14 series introduced a satellite
communication feature, albeit limited to only sending messages. Around the same time,
Huawei launched its Mate50Pro, marking the company's entry into satellite communication
phones. And in early 2023, ZTE released its Axon 50 Ultra that supported satellite
messaging communication. This overall trend could also imply that satellite communication
offers opportunities not just for handsets but also for various other consumer electronic
products. As the mobile satellite communication value chain continues to evolve, there are
significant prospects for telecom carriers, mobile companies, hardware & software
developers, etc., to unlock the full potential of this new tech.
Source: CMBIGM estimates
ZTE to benefit from the transition from 5G to 6G
In 2020, ZTE entered into an agreement with China Unicom to collaborate on 6G
technology. The Company outlined a research phase from 2020 to 2023 to explore network
demands, structural aspects, and technological capabilities for 6G. By June 2023, the
company publicly announced the commencement of research on crucial 6G technologies.
ZTE anticipated that 6G would be a seamless evolution, building upon the success of 5G
and 5G-advanced paradigm. Consequently, ZTE believed that their well-established
technological expertise in 5G-related domains could be effectively extended to the realm
of 6G.
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.