On 29 October 2021, the company issued its third quarterly report, which showed a net return to the mother in the first three quarters of 2021 at RMB 1,110.7 billion, an increase of 25.00 per cent over the previous quarter, of which the net return to the mother in the third quarter was RMB 4,280 million, an increase of 13.69 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright q1-q3 achieved revenues of $305.357 billion, an increase of 8.06 per cent over the same period, a net profit on maternity of $1,10.07 billion, an increase of 25.00 per cent over the same period, and a weighted average net asset return of 10.12 per cent, an increase of 0.71 pcts over the same period; and an impressive performance of q3 in the first quarter,
The cash flow for q1-q3 operations increased significantly over the same period, with a net increase of $8.7 billion, the asset-liability ratio continued to decline to 54%, and the liquidity ratio continued to optimize.
In the area of cloud computing, orders were obtained from client hosts, csp operations continued to grow, cloud harvests were maintained at the first half of the year, and margin calculations were driven by margin calculations.
In the field of smart households, benefiting from the growing emphasis on information security, there has been a significant increase in the volume of home security surveillance equipment such as w-fi6, doorbell, and ipcamera. In the area of the industrial Internet, corporate “lighthouse” solutions have been deeply consumed in electronics, new energy cars, etc.
The residential industry and the mechanical processing industry are currently involved in the construction of five lighthouse factories throughout the country, or 10 per cent of the country's total.
The company continued to increase its R & D investment at a cost of $8,153 million, an increase of 17.27 per cent, with patents distributed across 13 countries and regions of the world, including Central America, with a total of 4,966 patents. With regard to strategic investments, in August, the South-East Digital Transformation Investment Fund was invested to explore opportunities for semiconductor-related development: in September, it announced the acquisition of 63 per cent equity and investment in a persistent power-drivers.
The construction of industrial mounds has been accelerated by the use of smart robots, new energy vehicles and artificial intelligence. 11x/9x/8x, opting for circular electrons, sophisticated telecommunications, intelligence-making, Gore shares are comparable companies, with an average of ps 010101210001 over 21 years.
For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating. Downwards in the global economy; risks of exchange rate fluctuations; and great technology enterprises in the way humans work/life/communication, focusing on hard technology enterprises that are in line with China’s manufacturing development.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced or influenced by any third party.