Land sweeper & land washer revenue continues to exceed market expectations, 2025 q3 out of stone technology (688169.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
With the product power, channel power, and cost-control capabilities of efficient operations, companies have achieved the world’s highest share of land-cleaning machine goods. There is still much room for income growth, both within and outside the country, while new products continue to build their second-largest curve, and we believe that with more aggressive strategies, companies are expected to achieve rapid income growth, while at the same time being profitable.
It is hoped that the bottom will be stabilized and gradually improved. Domestic and foreign performance is expected to improve, and we are expected to raise the profit forecast, with revenue forecast: sales penetration in the clearing machine, overseas share withdrawals, new product creation of the second curve. Short-term data show that 2025q2 companies have achieved significant results and income growth.
Separations first/first/second. The July Prameday War Report shows that there are 240% and 167% across Europe, Germany, France, the United States, and Australasia. In the medium and long term, there is plenty of room for land-cleaning, both within and outside the country. (1) Intra-marketing: low prices for goods, better state incentives.
New channels, such as audio. (2) Europe: the Amazon channel is growing fast after taking back the camp, promises to replicate America’s success, the lower channel’s share of northern Europe is stable and the German-speaking region is returning to a high increase; the wider price belt has been followed by a growing market for south-west and eastern Europe. (3) United States: the share of irobot is seized on the line, the full price belt is covered to attract new users; the lower channel has access to Target
In addition, new products are expected to hit the ground, and new ones are expected to hit the ground, as well as new products.
Building a second growth curve, with 20.3 per cent of sales of 2025q2 on the landwasher line (17.1 pcts up by 2024o2 compared with the previous year), the Asia-Pacific and South-East Asian markets have been expanded overseas, with South Korea's share first-place, Russia's share ranging from single-digit to 14 per cent, will be extended gradually to the Euro-American market, and the company's battle of primeday in July
The paper shows an increase of 661/122 per cent in the same year in the landwashing class of North America/Europe. Net interest rate: 2025q3 is expected to improve under upgrades in the land sweeper ring, loss in the washing machine, loss in the washing machine.
Price belts, higher profit margins; and third, higher-middle-end machine-type ratios. Net interest rates are expected to begin to show a lower base of strength. (2) The company will push ahead in August every year, and history will see the introduction of “homogeneous and co-price-high” products, mostly for friendly products. This year, we expect the company to re-introvert the live water wash products that are sold by its friends, and to recover better profit performances from the accumulated volume of education. (3) Cost deposit rates are expected to be found at the bottom - company information update report.
The revenue growth of 2024q4 is higher than expected, and North American tariffs are expected to be profitable in smaller digits. First, scale effects are visible; second, product structure upgrades, high-priced segment product and North American markets. Laundry machines: before inputs and developments were faster, we expect the class to gradually optimize organization, organization, and product content.
For the second growth curve - company depth report Smart cleaning products: originating from the outside, growing more than inside, increasing space is still wide. 1.1 Land sweepers: competitive patterns are expected to slow down and industrial growth space is still wide.
1.1.1. Patterns: 618 inward sales have become more competitive, and foreign markets are expected to become more marginal in terms of profit claims. The combined market share of smart-and-scan robotic products of the five major brands is 73.1 per cent and 61.5 per cent, respectively, according to gmv and sales volume, respectively.
16.6%, the world’s top intellectual clearing robot industry. In the world’s top five smart sweep robot markets, Roborock brands are the top three smart sweep robot brands, based on gmv and sales.
It's the first smart-field robot brand in Korea, with a market share of 31.1% by gmv and 25.6% by sales; it has a market share of about 40% by gmv in the South Korean market of more than 1 million won. In the same year, the brand was the second in the United States market in the gmv industry, with a market share.
17.6 per cent, ranked third in sales, with a market share of 10.5 per cent; and a market share of over 50 per cent by gmv in a market with a price of over $800 in the United States.The recent rock revealed Amazon membership day data for July, sold across Europe, Germany, France, the United States, Australia.
First, Europe grew by 124 per cent, North America by 42 per cent, Italy by 300 per cent, the United Kingdom by 240 per cent, and Australia by 167 per cent; in addition, European Independence Stations grew by 520 per cent, North America by 65 per cent, North America by 57 per cent, and below-line channels by 97 per cent in the summer.
Litigation, the fall of German Amazon products, is expected to increase even faster in August at a lower base in Europe. We believe that the current industry’s competitive stance has slowed, and the industry’s profit margins have stabilized.
Irobot lost a net loss of $8.727 million (a profit of $8.60.7 million over the same period) and a sale cost of $26.05 million (-12.3 per cent). Kovos issued a performance forecast, and profits were steadily rising.
In 2024, efforts began to reduce internal sales costs and focus on external sales. The lower share of inward sales was gradually reduced, and the expected release, driven by recent high-profit targets, has slowed down, with an increase in the average price of inward sales.
In summary, the release of the rest of the industry, except for stones, has been slowed down and is expected to pursue a higher level of business quality.Figure 4: Coves, under control, has recovered the net interest rate cut, and figure 5:2025q1 is a net loss of $8,727 million on the head of the offshore land sweeper, irobot.
Figure 6: $2025q1irobot sales costs $2.05 million, down from $8.60.7 million in net profits in the same period last year, 2024h2 cases, and stone adoption of a more aggressive product and marketing strategy that not only significantly accelerated the pace of innovation.
There has also been a steady increase in marketing and branding, with a significant increase in the share of land sweepers. The share of sales in 2025q2 has been the highest in several regions, with Fayya and Lefant largely at the same level, and the strategic shift has produced significant results.
Unfortunately, we believe that, at this point in time, the profit claims of leading firms will be stronger, and that as internal sales competition slows down and Chinese brands continue to spread across regions and price belts in more fragmented overseas markets, they are expected to vary between competition and profitability.
In terms of internal sales, there is a trend towards differentiated technology programmes (rollers, tracks, mechanical arms) currently employed by mainstream manufacturers, industry innovations have not stopped, and it is expected that the inefficient inner volume of a single mature programme will gradually decrease. In terms of internal sales data for the entire cycle of 618, there has been an overall downward trend in the rate of the Kyoto Channel, with emerging channels such as tremors.
There was a slight increase, but overall stabilization, with the main players in the internal sales being listed companies, and competition over the period 618 has gradually moved towards a decrease in the overall rate of the Jingdong Channel during the period 12:618, and no significant increase in the overall rate of the shivering channel during the period 13:618.
We expect that Chinese brands will focus more on higher levels of profitability, more fragmented patterns, more diversified demand, and more diversified overseas markets. Now that the main contenders of stone are now pursuing the goal of high profitability, we expect the industry to return to a more diverse and benign competitive environment, with a manageable level of competition and corporate profitability.
The global market for household cleaning products has been expanding steadily, and the share of smart products has gradually increased. By the time you consult, the rate of compound growth has been 3.7 per cent. By 2029, the market is expected to grow further to $162 billion, with a breakdown of smart household cleaning products (including land sweepers, land washing machines, etc.) showing a market of nearly RMB 100 billion.
The size of the global market for smart cleaning products (gmv) was $6 billion in 2020, reaching $15.1 billion in 2024, with a composite growth rate of 25.8%; it is expected to grow to $41.4 billion in 2024, with China home being the largest home-to-house cleaners market in the world.
The size of the market for smart household cleaners in the interior grew from $1.4 billion in 2020 to $5 billion in 2024, with a combined growth rate of 36.6 per cent; it is expected to grow further to $13.7 billion in 2029 and 22.5 per cent in 2024-2029. In the country as a whole, the share of the market for smart household cleaners is in the market for clean products.
Figure 14: The global market for smart household cleaning products is expanding steadily, with the global market for smart clearing robots amounting to about $9.3 billion in major products, the top five markets being China’s interior, the United States, Japan, South Korea and Germany.
By 2024, there were 20.6 million units with a complex growth rate of 9.6 per cent; by 2029, it is expected to increase to 43.2 million. In terms of market size, in 2024, the five main markets for smart-scaved robots were, respectively, Mainland China, the United States, Japan, South Korea and Germany, with gmv accounting for 27/22/5/5/5.5 per cent of the world ' s share.
(1) Mainland China: As the world’s largest market for smart-scanning robots, domestic consumers have a rising preference for new types of user experiences with fully autonomous operations, strong cleanliness and fluidity. Markets are more competitive, driven by rapid product creation and innovation. (2) United States: markets exhibit higher local brand loyalty.
(iii) Japan: high sensitivity to the quality of the product, the small size of the household, the preference for compact devices and low noise performance, and brand trust and local use experience are the gateways to the market.
Keys. (4) Korea: Consumers tend to choose high-end, high-specific electronics, product quality, innovative design, performance stability, high standards requirements and localized after-sales services are the main factors influencing purchasing decisions. (5) Germany: Markets focus on product quality and reliability, and as consumers' attention to high-supplier, high-value brands rises, markets rises
Global penetration of smart sweep robots is growing rapidly. Of these five markets, four, apart from China and China, have entered earlier, longer consumer education cycles, and market penetration due to the fact that smart sweep robots have entered earlier.
At a higher level, household penetration is also relatively high, as in the United States of America and Korea, where 100 households held 1.2, land washing machines in 2024: functionally complementary to the ground sweeper, the current pattern is still in the shuffle phase 1.2.1, patterns: stones are rapidly raised to second, close to taps, and the pattern is still expected to be shuffling.
In terms of the pattern of competition, the market on the internal market has a double-hatted pattern, but the share of stones is rising rapidly, up to the second level, and the industry is expected to be reshaped. According to June 2025, the share of sales on the internal market was 36.6 per cent of the Coworth brand, and the share of the stone-branch washing machine had risen to 20.8 per cent, the second highest.
As far as prices are concerned, the sales structure of the landwasher industry is gradually being divided from 1,500-2,500-plus-k, and we believe that the rock has introduced a number of high-quality, high-priced blasts in the 2-3-k price range, and that the product's power leads to natural, hot sales. For example, a30procombo, in contrast to the competitions in the 2000-2500-bit segment, is suction,
In the context of basic functional approximations such as electric aids, flat-beds and entanglement, the hot water washing features that can only be provided by a friendly high-end machine, while laying at the lowest level, also supporting the dismantling into independent vacuum cleaners, achieving real parity from the newly released a30prosteam and a30bure, the company has further expanded the price belt, and
At higher prices, a30prosteam is priced at 3299, compared to a30pro price range of 2799. New products are added to the steam-trawling pattern and are decentralized for hot water washing, while laying at the thinest and longest.
In the low-priced segment, the company introduced a30ture at a price of $1.699, 300 less than the price of a30, and then paid to $1444, with 18,000 pa in 1,000-1500 bits, electric power, 12.5 cm.
Super thin lie-down functions, as well as 3-to-the-side edges, are somewhat competitive. We believe that, in terms of product strength, companies have become competitively differentiated in the category of land-washing machinery, and are expected to develop further in a more aggressive marketing strategy.
2024q3 companies opened multi-channel marketing for the entire range of land washing machine items. 2024q3 started, and companies increased their sales costs by 26.2% over the period, increasing their sales costs by 6.8/6.6 pcts for the same/ring ratio by 680 million yuan in absolute terms and 55/35% for the same/ring ratio.
It's a wide range and a lot more varied, ranging from the internal and external flow of mainstream electric power platforms (e.g., direct advertising of links to the community of our friends in micro-Trust), to the official name of off-site grass platforms (live broadcasts, creative videos, introductions to new products, etc.), to the recommendation of the Datsu (soft implants, purchases) and the invitation of the Celebrity Star Week as a brand spokesperson for the movement.
Figure 26: The company opens a multi-channel marketing project on the whole range of land washing machines, which we believe is more dependent on small household electricity than land cleaning machines, and the brand needs to continue to occupy them.
At the moment, the stone has gradually improved the product matrix, while brands have built up a certain amount of volume and are expected to make a better transformation under a more aggressive marketing strategy. 1.2.2, Industry incremental space: complementary to the function of the sweeper, it can grow to hundreds of millions of yuan in the medium term.
Landwashers, in conjunction with smart sweep robots, provide consumers with efficient and comprehensive home-ground clean-up solutions. While smart sweep robots can effectively meet consumers’ daily surface clean-up needs, challenges remain when dealing with deep cleaning tasks such as food residues, liquid spatters, sticky dirt, and persistent stains.
These consumer pains are addressed with precision and further user experience with their own clean-up base stations, automatic hot water recharge systems, steam cleaning, and entanglement designs. Products are more effective in targeting specific clean-up needs (e.g. persistent stains, dry and wet garbage, local fine cleaning, kitchen space, etc.).
The size of the global land washing machine reached $3.6 billion and 10.5 million in 2024. According to gmv, the market size of the global land washing machine grew from $600 million in 2020 to $3.6 billion in 2024, and the combined growth rate of sales increased from 1.4 million in 2020 to 10.5 million in 2024.
A composite growth rate of 65.6 per cent, expected to increase to 30.2 million in 2029, and a composite growth rate of 2024-2029. The current pattern of land washing machine products is not complete, as product functionality continues to improve, intelligence is gradually increasing, low maintenance/exempt maintenance functions continue to expand, long-duration, noise optimization, more suction, and cleaning scenes continue to grow.
Industry is expected to grow. In mature markets such as Europe and America, consumers are more receptive to clean appliances. Land washing machines, by virtue of their efficient cleanness, have been used extensively in commerce, industry, etc., as tools for everyday cleaning, while household penetration is increasing.
Countries and regions like South-East Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe are emerging as new market growth points. The domestic market for land washing is expanding rapidly, but the average price continues to fall.
In 2019, sales rose from 100 million yuan to more than 60% in 2024. In recent years, the share of sales below the line has risen rapidly, reaching 37.7% in 2024 and 24.9 pcts in 2019.
2. Future point: income growth is stable, profitability is stable, and the second half is expected. At the end of the income, there is a wide space in the interior and the interior of the land sweep industry, with stones as the first brand of a globally competitive land sweeper, maintaining a strong product lead in high-priced segments, maintaining a high-priced value ratio in lower-priced segments and achieving a sustained share.
It's not a big problem. The main friends are now subject to profit targets, and the overall competition in the industry is expected to slow, and we're looking forward to the firm's continued strong position as a leader in domestic sales, in a more active product and marketing strategy, fully benefiting from industry penetration (1).
New channels, such as tremors, have been expanded, and the share of domestic sales has continued to rise, with 2025q2 rising to the top. (2) Europe: European Amazon channels have grown rapidly and have doubled in recent quarters since the change from distributor agents to company directs, promising a sustained replication of the US-Asia; the share of the lower line northern regions has stabilized and the German-speaking region has returned to a high increase; and the price belt has been widened.
There is a growing market for south-west Europe and Eastern Europe. (3) United States: the share of irobot continues to be seized on the line, the full price belt is covered, the user community expands further, and the rest of China's brands are saturated with less competitive pressure; the bottom line is clean, the main distribution channel for appliances is 60%, and the rock is now in Target and bestbuy, and it's still in place.
Continued presence of other ka, over 10 per cent below the 2025q1 line. (4) Asia and the Pacific: scattered regions, relatively flat competition, with high rates of ownership by South Korea, Turkey, and difficulties in dealing with friendly businesses; fast growth in Australia, Russia and the Middle East, with the introduction of low-priced products that could expand the South-East Asian market, currently growing faster in Viet Nam. (5) New product categories are expected to sweep the ground.
The second growth curve has now reached 20.3 per cent (17.1 pcts higher than 2024q2 per year) of sales on the landwasher line, and has expanded overseas into Asia-Pacific and South-East Asia markets, with South Korea's first share, Russia's share ranging from single-digit to 14 per cent, gradually extending to the Euro-American market.
In terms of profitability, the company is currently on the offensive side and is expected to maintain a certain cost investment, but the cost is still on the lower-price belt, the middle-end sku is higher than the increase, the cost is more efficient, the scale effect and the organization optimizes the new product.
Net interest rates are expected to stabilize and gradually improve as a result of the loss, build-up and release of new products.
The product strategy is more aggressive, and it's more likely to keep the product hot. The new product is usually based on new products in the internal market, and the brands tend to be new in the main push before the big push, so we can look at the size of the product at the current point by making a big push for the new product.
Three new ground sweeper products (p20pro, p10pure, g20sultra) were released before the 2-Eleven-Four-Oights in 2024, an increase in the number of new ones over the same period (2021-2023, each with only one section) and a broader price band (2499-4999,618 rolls out a total of 6 new items (p20, p20plus, g30u, p20ultra, g30space,
g30) The price belt has been further broadened (2380-5,500 after the national replenishment) to cover the 2000/6000 price band. In March 2025, the company distributed three new items, p20ultra, p20plus, g30u, and transferred 7.98 cm of ultra-feat thickness to lower price segments, with the post-national replenishment price covering $2,800-4,800 and a more active product strategy continued.
On the ground. Compared to friendly products: the company's current strategy is to promote a flag ship-type bright spots that sink at low prices, such as 7.98 cm body, 4 cm chassis, etc., and continue to follow up on basic functions such as suction, hot water washing etc.
(1) The new p20ultra water tank/up-down-water version is priced at $3999/4599, which is $240 more than the previous p20pro price supplement, but less thick (using the lds+toptof scheme), more suction, and an additional 12-n wet-pressure heat tow function.
Lower, flat-plate shock-trawling ground, uvc ultraviolet debacterial and towed cloths automatically unplugged, but the drag-down pressure increased to 12 n. (2) The new p20plus water tank/up-down-water version is priced at $3299/3899, which is $255 less than the previous replacement p20pro price supplement, which is less thick (using the lds+toptof programme), and increases in heat
Water-trawling function, reducing the height of the barrier (up to 2 cm) and the edge brushing up and down. (3) The new product g30u water tank/up and downwater version is priced at $4999/5599, respectively, compared to g30 with a reduction in salivation, side brushing and landing, and tablet moping, but at a low price of $425.
According to Qiu Qian, in 2024, the sales of traditional electricians (the Skycat + the Kyoutung) together reached the total.
But, in recent years, tremor channels have emerged as a source of content power, with rapid growth, with sales +53%/+91% in 2023/2024. With a more aggressive marketing strategy, stone technology is expected to succeed in replicating the Kyoto channel through the Vibrant and Skycat channels.
2025m1-5 stone technology has gradually risen to 27.2% in the city of the traditional power channel (Cinton + Skycat), comparable to Coworth: but it is lower than Kovos, is equal to the search, has greater scope for upgrading, and looks like a much more aggressive product strategy and channel strategy that allows rock technology to build on the rapid expansion of the industry as a whole.
Upgraded in size and share, while replicating the success of the Kyoto platform, further shocking the Skycat 2.2, land sweep off-board sales: opening the nationalization operation, the underline route is expected to accelerate the break-through, with a strong edge on the line.
It is hoped that Irobot will be successful by starting a more dynamic diversification of the country’s export markets. The spread of local countries and markets in regions such as Europe and Asia and the Pacific, and the diversity of religious and cultural beliefs have led to sales.
The seasons are different, and while early reliance on distributors such as Muming has led to unprecedented coarse growth, as more open markets move in and reach populations close to saturation, more sophisticated and nationalized operations are required to break through the different characteristics of different countries and continue to open larger markets overseas.
Land-cleaning operations were first introduced by irobot, which provided strong support for its global operations. In 2005, after the creation of 19 retail sales networks at the North American base to dock 7000+ shops, irobot began selling uniforms with distributors for bridges in Europe, Japan, etc., with extensive subline connections.
Over the next 20 years, irobot’s operations have expanded rapidly globally, with a significant role for the distribution channels under the line, and the Division has been able to penetrate local markets quickly and achieve stronger channels by developing local teams for distribution management. As the company’s product lines have become more abundant, product labels have been built, and traditional distribution patterns have become rapidly overstretched.
Some regions have opened their own nationalization and fine-tuning operations abroad. We expect companies to be able to adapt their strategies in time to achieve the best competitive results, mainly by dividing up regional markets and creating a large distributor in each region, with corresponding fine-tuning management.
Amazon membership day data lay the basis for three quarters of overseas market growth. Recent stones revealed Amazon staff day data in July, with Europe growing by 124%, North America by 42%, Italy by 300%, Britain by 240%, and Australia by 167%; and other sources.
On the other hand, the European Independence Station grew by 520%, North America by 65%, North America by 57% below the line, and the Nordic channel by 97% in summer. Last August in Germany, with malicious lawsuits and German Amazon products, we expect a much higher increase in Europe’s low base in August.
2.2.1. North American markets: The US-Asia market has risen to the top, and the lower end of the US-American market has been gradually established in the lower end of the line, the upper-to-high-end price belt of the stone station has gradually expanded downwards. According to Ku Qian, sales of 200-/3-500-bit segments of US-Asia’s land sweep products have reached 22/28 per cent, respectively.
The share of irobot continues to decline. According to the sub-prices, the sales of 800+bits of stone are 46% in the United States, where sales of cleaning appliances are mainly made through under-line ka, where irobot holds the leading position, while the Chinese brand has the greater potential for growth. According to Euro-Wise, 2024, the U.S. vacuum vacuum cleaners are below the line.
Retail sales accounted for 57.6 per cent of total sales, with offline grocery dealers/offline non-groceries/downline direct sales accounting for 28.1 per cent, 28.7 per cent, or 0.7 per cent, respectively. Ka, dominated by large businesses such as Bestbuy, Target, Walmart and Sams'club, is the main distribution channel, dominated by older overseas brands, and has a larger substitute space for Chinese brands.
Underline ka channels in the United States, due to limited below-line display space and deep branding, competition patterns in the class of ground-cleaning machinery are stronger, with new entrants usually having to negotiate multiple rounds of business first, then go to the sub-lined overboard platform for sale, and eventually replace the rest of the under-line branding slots for longer periods.
Now that rock technology has finished its pre-positioning, we have reached Target, bastbuy. After the stone has been gradually fully laid, we have been able to reach out to several kas, including Bestbuy, Walmart, Costco, Homedepot. We believe that the company has a more aggressive marketing strategy in which the speed of under-line access is expected.
2.2.2. European markets: Prospective replication of the success of North America, the stabilization of the lower-line north, the restoration of a high increase in the German-speaking region, the expansion of the price belt and the expansion of online channels in the South-West Europe and Eastern Europe, and the successful operation of North America, with gradual nationalization and fine-tuning
Fayya and Lefant are largely on par, and in recent quarters the company has seen a doubling of Europe’s share of income, which is nearly one-and-a-half, and continues to contribute to the increase in income. From the European Amazon sales model, the search for the vc (vendorcentral) model is pursued, while the stone is sc
(sellercentral) model, of which the vc model is a cooperation system offered by Amazons to suppliers, where brands send bulk products to Amazons as “suppliers”, with Amazons responsible for follow-up inventory management, pricing, sales and logistics distribution, and brands obtain orders mainly through the Amazon procurement team, and end-sale rings.
The sc model is an autonomous platform for third-party sellers in Amazonia, where brand parties are directly present as “sellers” and are autonomous throughout the business, including product pricing, inventory management, advertising, placing, order processing and customer service, with a stronger ownership of the entire chain of sales and therefore price.
The grid system is more stable and manageable, more flexible in advertising, and more conducive to taking advantage of America’s accumulated operational experience. With regard to under-line channels, the company’s level of penetration in various parts of Europe is stratification, with 65-52% of sales of sub-line vacuum cleaners in Western/Eastern Europe in 2024.
In the meantime, stone technology has achieved a relatively advanced channel layout in Sweden, Norway, and Germany, while Sku, which is sold in Ka's online mall, is relatively comprehensive.
In the German-speaking and Nordic regions, the company has established more sophisticated sub-line channels, and the new flagship products are more well-established and are the company’s dominant market in Europe. (2) Speed up the break-through of the market: France.
There was no entrance, there was still a large gap in the distribution of the under-line channels, and the opening of the under-line outlets was at an accelerated stage. (3) The high-deep market: Italy, Spain, and other southern European regions. Our team studied the European channels in 2024, when the stones entered France in April, there were no Italians and Spain in June last year, and the stones entered in the second half of 2024.
There is still much room for improvement in the market for low-consumption levels in southern Europe. Overall, there is still much room for improvement in the marketing channels in the European region.
The two-pronged approach is “extension of channels.” For niche markets such as the Nordic and German-speaking regions, the foundation continues to be consolidated, and gaps are identified; for regions that are not yet fully developed, including the French, Italian and Spanish markets, a widening product matrix can continue to cover larger segments of the consumer population; on the other hand, better online channels are available.
Depending on this, further expansion of the off-line channels to build a multi-dimensional marketing channel system. 2.2.3, Asia-Pacific Markets: It is hoped that South Korea will be replicated to complete structural upgrading of the remaining markets, such as Australia, the Middle East and South-East Asia, and space markets.
In 2023, stone technology reached 35.5% of the market share, with 80.5% of the high end market share of 1.5 million won or more. According to company war reports, 2024h1 Korean/Turkish sales were made.
South Korea’s electric power suppliers grew by 32% in the first and second years of the year in the middle of 2024, and Singapore’s dual platform, gmv, grew by more than 50% in 2024. As a developed country, South Korea’s land-cleaning product structure is generally relatively high, with a high share of all-base station products competing.
The pattern is basically Chinese and Korean brands, with fewer Euro-American brands. We believe that rock technology is now firmly established in the category of machine-cleaning and that, with the gradual expansion of new products such as land washing machines, washing machines, etc., it is hoped that the combination of firms based under these lines will continue to increase revenue.
Australasia and the Middle East are growing fast, with low-priced products expanding South-East Asia’s markets, and Viet Nam and Russia are now growing faster. According to the company’s war report, during the period of black five in 2024, the rock was sold in Australia/Middle East (gmv) +270/+75%, respectively, and in July 2025, Amazon members sold first in Australia, with an increase of 167% in gmv.
In the second half of 2024, companies have been more active overall in pushing for a new pace, expanding their new product categories in addition to rapidly new ones. We believe that the new ones are expected to go out with the new ones, building a second growth space.
The share of sales in the land washing machine has risen rapidly to the second largest in the industry, and the offshore market has become more dynamic, and we believe that the reasons for the rapid increase in the share of the stone washing machine are the following: (1) the spilling of the brand of the land cleaning machine and the increased demand for the use of land washing product among the original purchasers: (2) the company has adopted a more active product.
Strategies, including product-building and widening price bands for different pain spots in the population, the new land washing machine series has a better product power in the 2000 price range: (3) since the second half of 2024, companies have been more active in marketing strategies, including more branding, more intense channels, more dollar distribution channels, etc.
On March 29, 2024, the world’s leading research agency, Ernst International, announced that stone-scanning technology was the world’s number one, while, according to Chnbrand, stone-scanning machines have become China’s land sweeper/washer for three years in a row.
We believe that after years of deep-drawing, companies have achieved a certain build-up of brand power through more productive and end-of-brand investment, which is expected to transform consumer groups into washing machines.
Figure 43: The sale of robotics in stone-scanning technology has been achieved globally in figure 44: for the third year in a row, rocks have become the highest recommended brand in China's land-scanner/landwasher industry.
In a more aggressive product strategy, the a30 product matrix has been continuously expanded. After August 2021, when the company distributed the first land washing machine product,u10, the land washing machine series was singled out as a series, followed by September 2022.
By 2024, the company began to move faster. A20 series (a20, a20pro, a20air) was launched in January-February 2024, a30 series (a30, a30pro, a30procombo) was launched in the second half of 2024, and a 30 series of a30 product matrices (values a30 sure, high) were continuously expanded in January-February 2025.
Laundry machine: Aiming at a high dryer/drink one track, re-use of brand power is expected in August 2024, with two new washing machines q1m/q1 in stone technology, of which q1 is a dryer.
At a price of $1699, 300 less than the price of m1bure, q1 retains all the basic functions of the dryer, which are remarkable in terms of washing capacity, debacterization, etc., while at the same time reducing the drying capacity, which is closer to the body, and the drying of clothing, which is easier and lighter. In September 2024, the new stone z1 was opened for sale, with a clean comparison.
To 1.2, the largest product in the company ' s history; and to varying degrees, washing capacity has increased, and since 2025, the company has continued to refine the price bands for the drying machine products, with the introduction of three models of the z1max series, compared to other companies ' washing capacity, cleaning ratios, placement methods, drying methods (pro).
The advantage of the ultra version is heat pump plus molecular sifting, which is expected to further meet the needs of a larger population. 2.4. Profitability: 2025q2 is expected to end, and net profit growth under the low base is expected in the second half of the year.
P20 is a new item included in the home line, which has been optimized in cost terms, with Māori rates expected to reach over 50%, gradually replacing old products with lower prices to cover the new low price bands; third, with an increase in the share of medium- and high-end machines, and a rapid increase in the share of 5k+ products, which has contributed to Māori rates.
In addition, according to the Bestseller list of 16 July 2025, rocks ranked first in Me/Dea/Faya as single items q7m5+/qrevo, respectively.
The new series/ov35a, with a sale price of $399.99/€599.99/€599.99.99, is an iterative new product. The company began a strategic transformation, with a low profit base of 2024q3/q4 net profit, and this year we expect the company to re-route live water cleaning products from its friends.
Beyond the start-up innovation point of mechanical arming, plate-lifting and double-expanding, companies have adopted conservative and new strategies for other branding innovations, mostly settling for more than a year, improving user experience and launching the market with a view to achieving “homogeneous, equal-priced” and fully enjoying the pre-existing consumer education dividends, realizations, etc.
For example, 2021h2 from cleaning product g10, 2022h1 g10s. Figure 47: Recapitulation history, new corporate homogeneity strategy continues to work, share end continues to rise
We've seen 20252 cases where the net interest rate for the company ' s land washing machine class has been reversed and the washing machine has been reduced. The main reason is that: (1) the scale effect has been shown. The share of the internal distribution line of the company ' s land washing machine has been rapidly raised to 20.3 per cent, the share of internal sales has been gradually raised, and the costs are expected to be spread; (2) the structure of the land washing machine product has been upgraded and the price of the segment produced has been high.
Among the internal sales channels of company 2025m6, a30prosteam continues the a30pro series of good growth. In 2025, q1 began to be promoted in South-East Asia, Asia-Pacific markets, is now leading the Korean markets, markets such as Thailand, Viet Nam, Russia, etc. are well developed, and larger markets such as Europe, North America, etc.
According to the company’s July Primeday campaign, the landwashing machine class gmv saw an increase of 661% in North America and a reduction in the European class. Overall, there has been an improvement in the product ring ratio, but an increase in the landwasher ratio is expected to lower the overall net interest rate.
Net interest rates have risen the same way, land washing machines have continued to increase their profitability, making a positive contribution to net profits, laundry, and companies have achieved the world’s first class of land-cleaning products, thanks to efficient operating product power, channel power, and cost-control capabilities. There is still much room for revenue growth, both within and outside the country, while new products continue to be built to make the second largest increase.
On a long curve, we believe that the company is expected to achieve rapid income growth with a more active strategy, while earning capacity is expected to stabilize and improve gradually. Domestic and foreign performance is expected to improve, and we are expected to raise profit forecasts, which are expected to affect revenue and profitability if old demand is released less than expected, leading to less than expected corporate performance.
(2) Tariff risk is higher than expected: the current US tariff escalation policy is still uncertain, although the company has Vietnamese capacity, but if the tariff escalation is higher than expected or higher than expected, it may result in the company performing less than expected (3) the new product is sold less quickly than expected.
Price reductions may have a greater impact on the Māori rate.