Quality and scale of operations: Stone technology (stock code: 688169) Size-oriented profit-making for four consecutive quarters is low: 1) 2024q3 and companies are engaged in scale-oriented battles.
A slight decline in profit margins has resulted, but revenue has increased significantly since 2024q4 and has gained an advantage of scale. In the case of idc data, the share of the 2025q1 stone global machine sales is 19.3 per cent, ranking first, 5.7 pct higher than the second. 2) The company’s phased scale orientation has been effective, but it has been quite damaging to profits.
The rise in national tariff costs is a major factor; the sales rate rose by 7.3 to 27.4 per cent from the same rate, close to Covos, and the company implemented a scale-oriented strategy, and a significant increase in sales costs was one of the measures that led to higher revenues.
Growth; maternal net profit rate is 8.6%, down by 16.8 pct, with a clear impact on losses due to the new business washing machine and the promotion of the washing machine, in addition to the size of the machine. We estimate the operating profits of the new business for the first half of the year. With the rapid expansion of revenue and the large stock of supplies in the United States, the company stock has increased significantly since the beginning of the year, and we are guided by the fact that the company's inventory has grown significantly since the beginning of the year.
With a net cash flow of $820 million from the operation of 2025h1, we expect to be easily reversed.
The electrical industry has grown rapidly, and according to avc data, in January-July 2025, the amount of retail sales on stone line was +62.3%, +653.3%, July +59.0%, + 917.2%, and July, respectively, at Sensortower, where stone technology was applied for overseas downloads in January-July 2025 and +50.1%, respectively.
The month of July was marked by a sharp acceleration, which was +71.9 per cent the same year, and we expect that 2025q3 will begin to shift the company to a high-quality and heavy-scale operation: 1) The washing machine business will follow the characteristics of the electric industry, the company will contract the washing machine business from June, and the large-scale downsizing will contribute to a significant reduction
We expect the company to reduce its sales costs and, although it will lead to a slowdown in revenue growth, it will also lead to a recovery in profits. In addition, we expect the company to follow.
The relative depth of 300 shows will fill up the raw water cleaning machine products and make up for the lack of market hotspots. There has been a decline, but the market share continues to rise and the scale rises to the first line. In 2023, irobot, Kovos, stone sweepers were sold.
Three hundred and thirty-three thousand, 2.84 million, and 2.6 million. 3) By the third quarter of 2024, the rock’s competitive strategy was more focused on market shares. Concrete measures include increasing marketing inputs in China; bearing the cost of tariffs in the United States without raising the price of products; and lowering prices on the European side, on the one hand, and significantly increasing the proportion of direct sales, on the other, which together led to a decline in profit margins.
In 2024, the collection of stones amounted to $11.94 billion, i.e. +38.0% of the year. The revenue and sales of stone sweepers in 2024 are in place.
With a net profit of $410 million, equal to 43.2%, companies have benefited mainly from the high profile of the clean appliances industry brought about by domestic sales and the rising global share and rapid expansion of their operations as a result of high corporate input. On the profit side, companies have increased their market input.
High sales costs put pressure on profits and the laundry business continued to drag, as did United States customs duties. Figure 5: Corporate operating income (quarterly) Figure 6: Corporate net profit return (quarterly)
(i) The market for cleaning appliances benefits from State subsidies
Oviyun Network data, 30.35 million retail sales in 2024, i.e. 22.8 per cent of the year; 42.3 billion yuan, i.e. 24.4 per cent of the year, i.e. + 10.5 per cent of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month and +41.8 per cent of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the year.
The industry’s sales are higher, with 17.7 billion yuan, or +37.4% of the same, and with the continuation of the old-change policy. Similar to a decade ago when household electricity subsidies drove electricity sales, between 2010 and 2012 white and colour electricity peaked in the context of various household power stimulus policies (home power-down, old-for-new, energy-efficiency subsidies).
The number of refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners and air conditioners sold amounted to 58.999 million, 36.36 million, and 60.6 million, respectively. In 2012, the rate of penetration of the country ' s floor sweepers and washing machines was about 5.5 per cent and 3.1 per cent, respectively, while the price was high.
Figure 6: Number of sales in China ' s coloured electricity (millions) Land sweepers are natural categories that benefit from the ai upgrades, add up policy pulls (the most heavily covered category of clean appliances covered by the local state ' s supplementation policy), release of high passenger unit consumption is sufficient, and the high view is expected to continue. Oviyunnet data, January-July 2025
Land sweeps have high entry thresholds, and new entrants are not easy. Markets are now competitive with stones, Kovos, chases, and clouds, whales are competitive; overseas markets, irobot are less competitive and market shares are falling over time; and shark has a competitive brand in the United States.
On August 6, 2025, Djiromo was released by the Science and Technology Consumption Leader.
Land-cleaning machines have been developed for four years and have been postponed twice.
1) Due to lack of scale, manufacturing costs are high, and the djiromo series is priced high, but lacking a lead. 2) New items are sold at the UAV system, which promotes binary eye vision plus three solid-looking laser radars. But the global planning of one-line brands and the shielding system experience have matured, and the selling point is relative to a second-line brand or advantage. 3) There is a lack of bright spots in the mechanical structure.
It's a small number of bright spots, but there's no technical barriers to such machinery. According to some assessments, the romo's ability to access the barrier is weak. 4) We think that the price of new goods in the border is expensive and the product needs to be grinded.
In the second half of 2025, the market won't have a big impact. Technology-based consumer companies like Anke and Firestone tried to enter the market before, but they were all blocked by deep R & D barriers.
The world's 77 middle-class workers, and Romo's grid shielding system is composed of three solid-looking laser radars with high-performance diaphragms.
It's made up of a complex outdoor scene with a flagship-class drone with a sense of being more sophisticated to the home environment. Romo can detect obstacles in a stable and accurate way, none.
The search for China’s market began to focus on improving profitability. After searching for 618, retail prices on the clean electrical line were raised, showing an upward trend in the dollar/station ratio +18.1%, +19.8%, respectively; in the heat sales model, the search for the s50pro machine, and the t50ultra washing line.
The average retail price is +30 per cent, +46.6 per cent respectively. In the area of machine washing, price wars continue and the industry shuffling has intensified. The short term benefits from the state supplemental policy, the long term benefits from the upgrading of the ai, the integration of the function, and the increase in penetration (Oviet Cloud Network estimates that the penetration rate of machine washing was about 3.1 per cent in 2024).
There's still a lot of room for improvement.
Oviyun Network, Institute of Galaxy Securities, China, Figure 17: Retail sales on land washing machines (monthly)
Figure 18: Retail sales on landwasher lines (monthly) in the global market for land sweepers, China ' s share of businesses has grown rapidly. idc data show that the global market for smart sweepers grew by 11.2 per cent in 2024 by the same year by 20.6 million items throughout the year.
(a) The volume of shipments amounted to 5.39 million, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period, of which q4 was stimulated by a “state supplement” policy of 1.75 million, an increase of 28.2 per cent over the same period;
In 2024, stone technology, irobot, Kovos, millet, and pursuit of global market shares accounted for 16.0%, 13.7%, 13.5%, 9.7%, and 8.0%, respectively. Stone technology was the first in volume worldwide, with the first delivery exceeding irobot.
Irobot’s global output fell by 6.7 per cent in 2024, with a 2.6 per cent decline in share, and the market space was squeezed by Chinese manufacturers in Western Europe and Asia and the Pacific. Its localization of emerging countries’ markets was weak, with a relatively homogeneous product line, and could be a long-term growth scenario. Figure 21: Land sweeper China’s brand share (by table) in 2024
Figure 22: Land sweeper ' s share of overseas market brands (by desk) in 2024 shows a rapid increase in the number of downloads from overseas, from the point of view of application downloads, from the point of view of Sensortower, and from the point of view of Kovos ' app downloads, and a slow increase in the number of downloads from the sharkninja, indicating a rapid increase in the market share of China ' s land sweeper brands abroad.
Of these, Coworth's 2025h1 overseas downloads have improved significantly by the same rate, from 2023 to 2024, which was only +17%, +20%, and its offshore downloads were 2025q1, q2, +119%, +135%, +110%, respectively, in July.
Figure 25: Retrieval of app overseas downloads to measure monthly yoys from January to November, more than 1,000 per cent of monthly downloads, not fully shown in the chart for follow-up observation of acceleration changes)
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.