CRSC-A
China
HOLD (Initiation)
Smart rail transportation industry leader, core
Consensus ratings*:
business growth on track
Current price:
Rmb9.95
■ We initiate coverage on CRSC-A with a HOLD rating and a target price (TP) of
Target price:
Rmb9.60
Rmb9.60.
CRSC-A had its total revenue grew 8.5% yoy and net profit grew 14.3% yoy in 1H19.
Previous target:
The earnings growth in 1H19 was helped only by the core railway business. We
Up/downside:
-3.5%
expect its urban transit business growth to recover as well, which will further drive
CGI / Consensus:
earnings growth acceleration in 2H19.
Reuters:
We are positive on CRSC-A's earnings growth outlook in medium-to-long term,
considering its leading position in the smart rail transportation market. The Company
Bloomberg:
688009 CH
is the key beneficiary from accelerating rail transportation investment from both
Market cap:
US$13,291m
central and local governments from 2019 onwards. CRSC-A currently traded on 24.5x
Rmb94,573m
2019F P/E, representing a 123.4% premium to its H-shares. The valuation is
US$325.4m
Average daily turnover:
demanding compared to its H-shares, but we think its listing in SSE STAR Market will
Rmb2.223m
make its share price more resilient.
1H19 delivered solid net profit growth of 14%
37.6%
Free float:
Total revenue in 1H19 grew 8.5% yoy, driven only by its core railway business (Fig 1). Its
gross profit margin expanded by 1.3ppt yoy to 23.3% in 1H19, because of an improved
revenue mix. The Company scaled down its lower-margin cash construction business,
while its higher-margin core railway business growth further accelerated in 1H19. Its
urban transit business also saw gross profit margin expansion due to the increasing
adoption of its own CBTC technology in its projects. SG&A costs rose more than revenue
growth in 1H19. Its net profit margin expanded by 0.7ppt yoy in 1H19. Net profit grew
14.3% yoy in 1H19 to Rmb2,268m, equivalent to 56% and 53% of our and consensus
full-year earnings estimates, respectively.
2H19 earnings growth expected to further accelerate
We expect its urban transit business growth to recover in 2H19, which will further drive its
earnings growth acceleration. CRSC remains confident that it can deliver double-digit
revenue and earnings growth in 2019. CRSC expects its railway business revenue
growth to continue in 2H19. Railway equipment demand growth will be driven by
increases in new rail line additions in the 13th FYP and the deepening of railway operation
reforms. CRSC reported that its railway business contract wins in 1H19 grew 30.1% yoy.
The central government has been promoting the development of urban transit networks
to support economic growth and facilitate the development a few city clusters; hence,
% held
Major shareholders
investment in the urban transit network development started to reaccelerate in 2018. We
CRSC Corporation
trim our earnings forecast for the Company in 2019-2020 by only 2-4% to reflect
weakness of the non-railway business. Overall, we expect its 2019F/2020F net profit to
grow 15.0%/23.7%.
A-share listing to enhance R&D and bring new income streams
The Company listed its A-shares on the SSE STAR Market in July. Proceeds from its A-
share listing will be used in 1) the R&D of advanced intelligent rail transportation, 2) the
development of an advanced rail electrification system manufacturing base in Changsha,
3) the development of IT projects, and 4) the replenishment of working capital. These
investments should produce new income streams for CRSC for its long-term business
growth. With its strong position in the rail transportation control system market, the
Company can leverage its technology and expertise to expand its product offerings along
the smart rail transportation industry value chain. With more income coming from late-
cycle railway operations, CRSC's earnings growth should become more sustainable.
Initiate with HOLD
We initiate coverage on CRSC-A with a HOLD rating and TP of Rmb9.60. Our TP is
based on a target PER multiple of 21.5x, which is the average 2020 P/E of domestic
peers. Our A-share TP represents a 55.3% premium to ourH-share TP. We think its A-
share valuation fully reflected its earnings growth potential in 2019-2020, but its listing in
SSE STAR Market will make its share price more resilient.
Analyst(s)
Kelly Zou
Zhang An
Wong Chi Man
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, BLOOMBERG
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA.
Industrial Machinery | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings (Existing mechanism (will be replaced by new mechanism by 01/09/19))
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Explanation on Equity Ratings (New mechanism)
ADD
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.