\triangleright recapitulation; deduction of non-mortality net profit of $7,145 million, 0.7 per cent increase over the same period (repeated). Public revenue of $7,162 million (repeated) was realized in the fourth quarter, 11.8 per cent increase over the same period; net repatriation profit of $1,910 million
(Repealed) Additional projects or contribution increases: in 2023, the company accumulated 55,179 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, 15,146 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the same period, of which the land wind, sea wind and photovoltaic were completed, respectively
q4 light volts are growing faster than the year-round or due to improvements in natural resources and the growth of installed machines.
A low base plus accounting policy adjustment, q4 high performance: 4q22 corporate assets impairment of $486 million, \triangleright significant impairment to the parent net profit pressure in the current period; taking into account accounting policy adjustments, if 4q22 is not applied retroactively
Adjusted publication value calculations, full or partial equity transfer by six project companies, 4q23 single-quarter revenue, parent net profit, deduction of non-mother net profit on a par \triangleright New Energy Pumping and Power Generation (Gelwood) Ltd.
2. Three Gorges Energy (600905.sh) semi-annual report 2023 to Three Gorges Land New Energy Investment Ltd.
(34%) New energy development platform established by the Group Brothers (33% of Yangtze power, 16.5% of Tri-Gorge capital, 16.5% of investment)
Experience shows that this asset reorganization is expected to enhance the company’s capacity to invest in savings, which is expected to lead to new developments. Investment proposal: 23 years of new loading is expected to be more than anticipated and will be available in \triangleright.
Three Gorges energy (600905.sh) reported fast performance in 2022 Performance growth potential, valued at 200.0 times the value of the company over 24 years, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.