iii. Laboratory locomotives gradually extend to the whole industry chain, large and large molecules and cgt were scaled up
The rapid growth of laboratory operations has accelerated the release of technology parks in Hangzhou Bay. Against the backdrop of the global boom in new drug research and development and the increased penetration of domestic research and development, the consolidation of R & D technology and inter-sectional business linkages; the company ' s first half of the year ' s operating income of 2,027 million yuan, representing an increase of 41.87 per cent; and efficiency gains resulting from economies of scale.
In terms of team-building, the company currently has 6122 actual laboratory staff, compared to 565 at the end of last year, of which over 4,400 are R & D staff;
In terms of expansion of capacity, the first part of the 120,000 m2 laboratory in the Hangzhou Bay Life Science and Technology Park II has been almost completed, with some capacity starting from q1 this year. The construction of the second part of the 42,000 m2 is expected to be completed by 2021.
Structural construction; more than 2,500 additional technicians are expected to be added to the second phase, further enhancing the company’s experimental room services capacity. In addition, the company acquired a new Japanese scientific flag of control over the creation of a pharmaceutical biocontrol in the first half of the year by purchasing equity and refinancing the company’s capacity to plant experimental animals.
Cmc's performance and profitability have increased, and small and large molecules have been released. In the first half of the year, the company's Cmc operations achieved revenues of $762 million, an increase of 50.50 per cent over the same period; performance has continued to increase at a high rate, both because of the advanced drug distribution and the gradual development of the current project, with a clear flow effect, and because of the expanding production capacity and the Chinese and British teams.
The cc operation benefited from the scale effect and efficiency gains of the orderly roll-out of the project, Mäori Xu Xu, 695 intermediates, of which 467 pre-clinical projects, 197 clinical i-ii, 27 clinical iii, workers
In terms of team building, the company cmc has 2160 employees, compared to 226 by the end of last year, actively expanding the team to meet rapidly growing demand for services.
In addition, post-clinical and commercial cmc service capacity-building is well under way, and the 81,000 square metres of construction at the Shashing plant continues to progress and will increase when it is completed.
Conlon: Performance is as expected, with continued expansion of the industrial version Chemical reaction pallet capacity of 600 cubic metres, of which 200 cubic metres is expected to be used in the second half of 2021, with the remaining 400 cubic metres to be completed in 2022.
The company's q2 overseas clinical operations were severely affected last year, especially the beauty.
The national centre, with the first half of the year and the internal and external epidemic gradually recovering, has maintained a rapid recovery of operations. In the first half of the year, the company achieved $423 million in its clinical operations, an increase of 74.27 per cent over the same year; the Māori rate was 14.10, a decrease of 7.71 pct over the same year.
In terms of team-building, the company currently has 2848 clinical staff, an increase of 640 by the end of last year, with fast team-building. In addition, the company’s global clinical operations benefit from the integration of multiple platforms, such as company drug discovery, pre-clinical development, and cdmo service platforms, leading to full-stream, upstream and downstream integration of process services.
In the first half of the year, major molecules and cgt developed services generated $71.66 million, with 270 employees, an increase of 142 compared to the end of last year. In terms of capacity, after last year’s acquisition of the United States of America, the company continued to complete allergan this year.
The acquisition of biologics, the rapid strengthening of the cdmo service, which is dominated by the company ' s cgt product, and the development of research and development capabilities that include mass particle synthesis, cell bank construction, production process development and optimization, formulation optimization, etc., cover the cgt product process and its cgmp production process as a whole.
The first phase of the project, which is expected to cover an area of 70,000 square metres, has now completed civil construction and started internal installation, and is expected to begin with the large molecule gmp production project in the first half of 2023, while providing medium-test-to-commercial primary liquid and formulation production services of 200l to 2000l scale.
There is a high proportion of clients with long tails, and there are clear synergies between operations. The benefits of high R & D efficiency and synergies from the integrated R & D services platform of companies, with more than 400 new clients added in the first half of the year, the new drug R & D platform has achieved coverage of the top 20 clients globally, with over 90% of the revenue coming from duplicate clients.
More than 80% of the income from the extraterrestrial sciences comes from the current clients of the laboratory; about 71% of the income from the cmc comes from the laboratory now has a client, and the inter-business flow effect is clear. Double, 84, and 63 times.
The high-growth capacity of laboratory chemistry and cmc operations, along with large molecules and cgt service operations, will also provide performance ammunition, and we maintain an “enhanced-a” rating.