For the first time, the Global Hydropower Lodge, with a high return on investment and a high level of profitability, covered the Global Hydropower Lodge, with a high level of profitability, reported on:
The Yangtze Power is the largest electricity company in the country and the largest hydropower company in the world, with a total installed capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts (13.3 per cent nationwide). The Utungde and White Crane Beach power plants under construction by the tri-Fist Group are expected to be operational in 2020 and 2021, respectively, following up on commitments to avoid competition among peers.
• Greater performance will be achieved when the depreciation of houses and water-blocking buildings is raised, with a greater potential for river basin staircase movement: discounting the time difference in the infusion of assets, using a simple calculation of the book value and depreciation rate for 2017, and the expected depreciation of houses and buildings and water-blocking buildings in or around 2047 and 2054 will be completed by that time
The net profits of the company will be reduced by $114 million, and the impact of interest rate fluctuations on the Yangtze electric power generation will be unclear. In 2017, the company increased its electricity generation by 9.6 billion kilowatt-hours, accounting for 4.55 per cent of the electricity generated in 2017.
• Long-term returns are higher than the main equity index, and the relative value of the configuration increases during a period of reduced risk preferences: and the volatility rate is lower. Corporate dividends are at the top of a share, higher than the 10-year maturity of the Central American national debt.
With the acceleration of the ipo and the liberalization of the registration system, the big pan-blue shares, represented by the Yangtze Power, will be valued. The Yangtze Power Defense features are prominent, and the relative configuration of the risk reduction period increases its value, making it easier to outperform the asset before and after it is injected.
• The status of hydroelectric taps was highlighted, with the first “recommended” rating for coverage: first, electricity demand and power generation capacity: we're at the National Electricity Networks Limited's Electricity Supply and Demand Research Laboratory for the use of the power acceleration factor in the first half of 2018
On the basis of decomposition, further analysis is made of the sustainability of the economic, electrical, and climate-temperature factors in the use of electricity for growth. We believe that economic and energy alternatives are more sustainable for electricity growth, 7.7%, significantly higher than planned for the 13th Five-Year Plan.
2. In terms of profitability, traditional market perceptions suggest that Yangtze power generation is closely linked to the amount of water generated, ignoring the increase in the profitability of Yangtze electricity. In 2010 - 2017, the three gorges-Geco dams only increased the amount of water generated.
3.63 per cent reduction of water disposal through the combined river basin ladder movement, with increases in power generation at the three gorges, the Gorge dam power station, in the same period of 15.69 per cent and 17.31 per cent, respectively, and the Three Gorge power station and the Gore dam power station in the same period, in excess of the increase in water availability. The weight of the river power has also been raised from 10.03 per cent in 2008 to 16.91 per cent in 2017, with internal profitability.
In terms of the potential of the river basin ladders, the depth of market exploitation is insufficient. The company expects the Utungde and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants of the tri-Federation to be operational in 2020 and 2021, when the “Six Bank Convergence” will become operational.
In 2017, the four power plants under the Yangtze electricity flag increased their electricity generation by 9.6 billion kilowatt-hours, accounting for 4.55 per cent of the company ' s electricity production in 2017 (210,893 million kilowatt-hours). For example, the current river basin ladder joint movement control 4. Hydropower collection, due to the difficulty of predicting water coming from the Yangtze basin, the market is aware of the Yangtze power camp.
Fuzzy. We believe that the Yangtze River basin is divided over years and years, and has a tendency to return to average values. Moreover, the trend towards water equivalency between the three gorges is evident from the efficiency of the upstream reservoirs and of the stairwells, and is accompanied by an increase in the number of hours used by the three gorges power station and the Gojia dam power station downstream.
In 2018, the price of electricity on the left bank of the dam and the river is the same as in 2017, while the increase in the price of electricity on the right bank of the river is mainly reflected in the performance of the first half of 2018. In 2017, the share of electricity in the company market was 7.40%, and the market, where the price gap between electricity and planned electricity continued to narrow, was somewhat better.
When the book value of fixed assets is calculated at the end of the year, and assuming that the depreciation rate for each fixed asset is maintained at 2017 levels in the following year (the difference in the year of injection is not considered for the time being), we simply measure that the buildings and buildings and the blockage buildings are expected to be depreciated in or around 2047 and 2054, but remain in good condition in practice (only each is required).
In 2017, the depreciation of houses and buildings and water-shielding buildings was 2,496 million yuan and 3,205 million yuan, respectively. After the depreciation of category II fixed assets in 2047 and 2054, each year after that date, the additional tax will yield a profit of 1,872 million yuan and 4,276 million yuan, respectively, in 2017.
In the case of electricity and electricity taxes, the market has not quantified the impact of tax policies on Yangtze’s electricity performance.
Value added tax (VAT): Value added tax (VAT) is due at the end of 2017, with 17 per cent and 16 per cent of the value added affecting performance after 2018. 2) Water resources tax: Water resources tax was introduced in December 2017, and the burden of prior and future taxes and charges is close due to the principle of parallel transfer of taxes and fees, which has less impact on performance. 3) Income tax: the public base of Chuan Clouds
The facility project income tax policy will expire at the end of 2018, the Western Great Development income tax policy will expire at the end of 2020, and it is expected that there will be an increase of $293 million in income tax costs over 2018 in 2019 and 2021.
The main share is the rate of return, and the level of volatility of the Yangtze power is lower. The profits from the Yangtze electricity are stable and sustainable, with a high annual share share commitment, suitable for long-term holding.a A share favours the "Small Difference and New" mark, which will be revalued as the ipo is accelerated and the system is liberalized.
As the ipo accelerates and the registration system liberalizes, large-scale blue-share shares, represented by Yangtze power, will be revalued. When a share is added to msci, international investors prefer stable performance and high-scoring Hong Kong River power shares.
14.2 times. The company's water and electricity taps have been highlighted, covering for the first time a “recommended” rating; the risk of lowering the price of electricity for hydropower access; and the risk of large fluctuations in water coming from the Yangtze river basin.1 Company profile: a global hydropower tap with high profitability
1.1. Corporate profile: Yangtze Power - the largest hydroelectric enterprise in the world The largest electricity company in the country and the largest hydropower company in the world: China Yangtze Power Company (60090.sh) is mainly engaged in hydroelectric operations and now owns tri-gorges, Gojia Dams, Rivers and Homes
In September 2002, with the approval of the State Council, China’s Yangjiang Three Gorge Group, led by the United Hua Energian International Power Company, China’s Nuclear Industries Group, China’s Petroleum and Gas Group Company, China’s Ghai Chau Dam Group Limited, and the Yangjiang Committee’s Yangtze Survey Plan
In 2004-2012, Yangtze completed the acquisition of assets for all three gorges. In March 2016, Yangtze power completed the acquisition of all the generators at the dam station.
As of 2018, the company had 82 hydroelectric units with a capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts, of which 700,000 kilowatts and 58 units of the larger fleet (70 million kilowatts and more) were installed in the world.
More than half of the total) is the largest electricity listing company in the country and the largest hydropower listing company in the world. In 2018 h1 Yangtze generated 81,318 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, representing 17.61% of the country’s hydropower generation.
The holding shareholders are powerful, and the top 10 are long-term stabilizer investors: Yangjiang Power Consort, a Chinese Yangtze San Gorge Group, which effectively controls the State Finance Committee of the State Council. The Yangtze San Gorge Group of China holds 57.92% of the Yangtze electricity directly and 4% of the Yangtze electricity through its wholly-owned subsidiary, the China San Gorge Construction Company, which holds 4% of the Yangtze electricity.
The three-thousand group has strong assets and a prominent shareholder background. In addition to controlling shareholders and related parties, the top 10 shareholders include China’s Peace, Sunshine Life, Certification, Sichuan Energy Investment Group, Yunnan Energy Investment Group, China’s Nuclear Industry Group, Dry Ports and other long-term institutional investors, with a combined share of 23.91 per cent.
The top 10 shareholders in the Yangtze Power are long-term stable institutional investors, together with the small fluctuations in the performance of the industry, resulting in smaller fluctuations in the value of the company’s shares.
State Council State Property Oversight and Management Committee
China Yangjiang Electricity Co. Ltd. 1.2. Business description: Focus on hydroelectric power generation, accompanying development operations, smoothing of hydropower performance
Development of “power distribution, international operations, investment financing” to enhance competitive edges in the industrial chain and to counter the risk of volatility in the performance of “uni-hydro” operations.
Hydropower: By the end of 2017, the company had a total installed capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts, or 13.3 per cent of the country's installed capacity, and is to acquire 26.2 million kilowatts of installed capacity (expected to be operational in 2020) in the construction of the tri-gorges group. By that time, the company will have 5 of the world's 12 largest hydroelectric plants.
Here, the 700,000 kW and above water turbine generator units will account for two thirds of the world’s total, with more than 20 per cent of the capacity of the hydroelectric unit in the country’s transport camps.
In 2017, the distribution of panels sold about 15 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity throughout the year. • International operations: operating through Long Power International (Hong Kong) Ltd. and International Power in the Three Gorges of China
At present, the owners of the international hydroelectric power plants involved in the management of the Yangtze power supply include the Brazilian hydroelectric power plant of the Tri-Fedor Group, the Pakistani hydroelectric power plant, and the Malaysian Akio power station 2016.
In August of that year, the bcplux project was acquired by the three isthmus of the Yangtze Power Union Europe for €194 million, and the Meerwind Maritime Winds project was fully commercialized in February 2015, with a total installed capacity of 288,000 kW.
To $2.3 billion: investment returns as a share of total profits are maintained at 6-15 per cent, effectively smoothing the impact of volatility on performance. 1.3. Performance overview: sustained improvement in profitability and excellent cash flow
The capacity of the Yangtze electric power plant has jumped and its performance has risen rapidly: since its listing in 2003, the Yangtze electricity has been raised by the acquisition of three gorges, the Rivers and the size of the dam generator, the hydroelectric unit. The size of the installation has increased from 551.5 million kilowatts in 2003 to 454.95 kilowatts in 2017 (cagr).
The Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations under construction in the Yangtze Power Holdings (the Tri-Firth Group) are expected to become operational in 2020 and 2021, respectively, following a commitment by listed companies to avoid competition among their counterparts, the Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations will have an additional capacity of 26.2 million kW.
The increase in electricity generation was much higher than the increase in the amount of water generated and the increase in endogenous profitability: in 2015, Yangtze power was injected into streams, Lodawa and to the domestic dam, benefiting from an increase in installed capacity, and in 2017 the company generated a total of 210,893 million kW, of which 46.28 per cent, 9.03 per cent, 29.11 per cent,
In 2018 h1, 81,318 million kilowatt-hours of electricity were generated from the Yangtze River, with companies accounting for the country ' s hydroelectric power generation using river basin ladders to reduce water discards, make full use of water resources, and the generation of electricity from the three gorges and the Goechu dam has continued to increase. The three gorges, the Goe Cha dam reservoir, produced water from 40,657 million cubic metres in 2010
In 2017, 84.37 billion kilowatt-hours were raised to 97.605 billion kilowatt-hours (an increase of 15.69 per cent), in 2010 to 16.241 billion kilowatt-hours (an increase of 17.31 per cent) in 2017, and in-house profitability increased by far more than the increase in incoming water.
Rapid growth in performance and sustained increase in profitability: from 2008 to 2017, benefiting from the efficiency of the upgrading of installed capacity and the combined movement of river basin ladders, the income from the Yangtze electricity operation increased from $8,807 million to $50,147 million (21.32 per cent for cagr) and the net return to the mother increased from $3,930 million to $22,261 million for cagr
21.25 per cent) The net profit from the collection and repatriation cagr is higher than the installed capacity caagr in the same period (20.68 per cent) and the operational capacity of the Yangtze power is steadily improving. In 2018 h1 the Yangtze electricity generated business income of $19.210 billion (same-0.42 per cent) and the net profit from repatriation of $8.52 billion (same-+5.15 per cent) and performance has steadily increased.
Main battalion operations are prominent, with investment returns in excess of the upward trend in hydropower operations: in 2017, Yangtze electricity generated 49,622 million yuan (98.95 per cent of the main battalion) and main battalion operations were prominent.
Revenues are 2,241 million yuan and operating earnings are $41 million. The operating income is basically a net return on investment, and the investment returns are more effective in smoothing the impact on the company’s performance than raising the volatility of the river’s waters. Depreciation (non-payable costs) is high, cash flows are abundant: the electricity industry is connected to the population, demand is rigid.
Strong, and with excellent cash flow performance in the electricity sector. From 2010 to 2018h1, the Yangtze electricity marketing commodity services received 2008-2018h1, the Yangtze electricity sales commodity received the services received 2, the industry profile: the scarcity of high-quality large hydropower projects highlighted, and the demand side of hydropower demand patterns.
2.1. Hydropower profiles: large inputs, long payback periods, high construction threshold High construction threshold: Hydropower works have flood protection, shipping, water supply, ecology and energy security functions and are fundamental to the economic and social development of the country.
Large investments, multiple collaborative sectors, highly influenced by natural resources, topography, geology, hydrometeorological conditions, and high technical, financial and qualification barriers. Hydropower plants have high natural impacts, high profitability, staircase movement, priority access, combined effects.
Water and electricity have a unique built-in growth advantage, which can be enhanced through the combined movement of river basin ladders.
Hydropower plants are highly affected by natural and climatic conditions: hydroelectric plants must be built on rivers or lakes with more abundant water resources, and dam sites need to be selected taking into account the limitations of address, energy development, migration and environmental protection, such as 1) preferably located in monsoon areas, with sufficient precipitation; 2) water catchments are wide;
3) Rivers fall well; (4) canyon terrain facilitates dam construction; (5) population living below water level is taken into account, as well as migration. This is similar to strict site selection requirements such as wind power, photovoltaics, nuclear power, etc., where hydropower stations are as far away from the area where the electricity is sold (as opposed to a more flexible location), owing to the consumption of electricity products.
In view of the instantaneous nature (unable to store), the construction of hydropower must take account of the problems of decomposition and transmission. In the main, hydroelectric plants such as Yunnan Sichuan, where water is often discarded due to insufficient local capacity to consume electricity and limited capacity to transmit electricity, are often used.
The high volatility of river flows in different seasons has also led to seasonal increases and decreases in hydroelectric power generation, with revenues concentrated in the second half of the year.
Long-term construction of hydroelectric projects, large-scale engineering inputs, long-term return on investment, high profitability, and cash flow
In the case of the Three Gorges project, the construction period was 17 years, with a total investment of about 200 billion yuan, with no return in the 11 years between the start of construction in 1993 and the first batch of power generation in 2003.
Hydropower plants have the advantage of high profitability, high profitability, stable performance and high cash flow stability because of their advantages over other modes of power generation in terms of raw materials costs, operating maintenance costs, waste disposal costs, and stabilization of operating hours.
Hydropower has a unique built-in growth advantage, which can be enhanced through the combined movement of river basin ladders: coal, nuclear, wind and photovoltaic energy carriers, which are used only in single power stations (e.g. coal, nuclear fuel, solar).
It can only be reused by hydroelectric energy carriers (water currents) in every power station running through it, so it can be easily regulated. For utility operators, the larger the surface of the basin, the larger the total reservoir size, the more accurate the water forecast, the more accurate the electricity forecast.
The more scientific the dispatch program is, the greater the combined benefits that power plants can provide. Through hydrologic conditions and electricity demand forecasting, the flow of discharges is regulated, optimal operation of the same basin power plant population is achieved, water efficiency is increased and electricity generation is generated. This is the result of the important endogenous growth of multi-power plant hydropower companies in the basin.
Source. At present, Yangjiang power has become a “four-bureau bond” between the streams, the dams, the tri-gorges, and the Gogs Dam, and the company expects Utund and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants to become operational in 2020 and 2021, when the “six-bureau alliance” will play a role and the utility of the “basin ladders” will be further enhanced.
Hydropower is a clean and renewable energy source and has a low cost and priority advantage: the State encourages and supports “clean renewable energy development and grid-connected electricity generation”. According to the Opinion on the Implementation of the Plan for the orderly release and development of electricity, priority is given to ensuring access and conservation of clean energy such as hydropower in the context of ensuring the safety of electricity supply.
According to the Circular of the National Development Commission and the National Energy Authority on an Orderly Discharged Development and Power Use Plan, priority is given to large hydropower in the national plan, which is not less than the actual level of the previous year or the average number of years.
In other forms of energy, the operational cost of hydropower and the cost of Internet access have a greater advantage: 1) The average unit operating cost of hydropower is 0.04-0.09 yuan per kilowatt hour, which is much lower than the cost of fire power (approximately 0.2 yuan/kWh) and the cost of heat grid access (0.36-0.43 kWh) is more competitive.
Hydropower plants generally have combined benefits such as flood protection, shipping, water recharge, etc.: since hydroelectric plants are generally able to store a given quantity of water and are therefore regulated on a demand basis, in addition to generating electricity, they also have combined benefits such as flood protection, shipping, water supply, and ecology. In the case of the Three Gorges project, for example, the Three Gorges project is the key bone in the management and development of the Yangtze River.
Dry engineering, the world’s largest installed hydroelectric plant (total installed capacity of 22.5 million kilowatts) and the world’s largest hydroelectric project with integrated functions. Currently, the Three Gorges project has reached its 175-metre pilot water storage target for seven years, with a huge combination of flood prevention, shipping, power generation, water recharge, etc.
The great combination of flood prevention, shipping, electricity generation, water recharge, etc. has been evident in the historical economic benefits of the upper river sector of the Yangtze River and its three gorges.
Before the tri-gorges accumulated water, the Kawaji River was transported on a single-way basis, and on 25 October 2008, several tributaries of the Xiangjiang River were flooded frequently.
Power generation now. The project is in the west of China, with only 10 million tons of traffic, tons of water, water supply difficulties, Yangtze defense.
In the second major flood, Ichang's giant power source in the middle of the power transport project could not reach Chongqing at all.
We're going to have to light the river in Yangtze, and the power will be sold mainly.
The tri-gorge project ended with the "from the Kutuan River to ensure water security along the Shojiang River, taking measures to flood the villages and flood them."
All three gorges. All three gorge reservoirs in 2009.
The provinces, Hunan, Jiangxi, Chongqing, and the storage of water have led to an increasing improvement in the conditions of the river's navigation.
Once the tri-gorge project was completed, the city was huge, the city of Shanghai, the river of the Wadong electricity grid.
Good. In 2009, through the Three Gorges, the storage capacity provided by the Toyako and the Xiaoyang Lake regions will be reduced.
Su Province, Zhejiang Province, Anhui Province, where water supply is tight. From January to June last year, the dam reached 70 million tons of cargo.
It's been a hundred years since the river's surface, the middle and lower half of the Yangtze River, and the province of Guangdong, where the power grid in the south is rarely dry.
Right. Since 2003, the three gorges have been hit by extreme flooding, which has also helped to relieve the power supply tension in the country.
Since the voyage, there has been a surge in dam traffic, drought, the three gorge reservoirs are rehydrating downstream, and the governance of the lake and the whole of the river's dyke.
Fahrenheit. As of March 2017, the three gorges had broken 300 million tons, more than 20 billion cubic metres higher than in the 22nd year before water storage.
The cumulative power generation at the power station has reached a trillion dollars, securing drinking water for humans and animals along the border, and effectively improving the Yangtze shipping line.
Hydropower substrates - conventional hydropower stations and water storage hydroelectric plants are the subject of engineering applications: they can be divided into conventional hydropower stations, pumping storage stations, tidal power stations, depending on the nature of the water used. They can be divided into run-off hydropower stations and water storage stations, depending on the mode of use and the ability to regulate natural water flows.
Hydropower plants and water storage plants are the subject of engineering applications. The infrastructure of the hydroelectric plants consists of dams, factories, flood-spill facilities, etc. Depending on the mechanism for coping with water pressure, the type of dam can be divided into gravity dams and arch dams:
Gravity dams: By using their own weights to resist upstream water pressure and maintain their own stability (e.g., the Three Gorges Dams), the Gravity Dam consists of multiple dams, each of which is self-responsible, and is therefore stable and resilient to disasters, but also relatively expensive and applied.
Achilles Dams: Like archbridges, are water-shielded buildings on the floor, using mainly condensed resistance features that transmit water pressure, in whole or in part, to the base rock on both sides of the valley.
By contrast, the dam ' s stability under water pressure does not need to be maintained by its weight, primarily by the rock on both sides of the mountain, so the dam can take full advantage of the strength of the building material, which is an economically and safely good dam. The main drawback of the dam is the shape of the dam ' s valley and its foundation.
The main dams are the Hoover Arch Dam and the China-Hullow Power Station. Figure 22: Structured buildings of the three gorges ' hydroelectric plants, which include water turbines, generators, main transformers, switchboard stations: 1) water turbines
It's a power machine that converts current energy into rotating mechanical energy; 2) generators are equipment that converts mechanical energy from water turbines into electrical power. Water turbine generators are installed on water turbines and rotated in tandem with water turbines; 3) primary transformers are equipment that reduces losses in the transmission of electricity and lifts electricity from generators to higher voltage.
The main transformer is located between the generator and the switch station. 4) The switch station consists of high-pressure breakers and their parent wires, which are used to connect the power plant to the grid. 2.2. Current state of utilities: China ' s hydroelectric loaders are growing rapidly, and installed/power generation is about 20%.
China has become the world’s largest hydroelectric powerhouse, and hydropower is growing rapidly: hydropower has the advantages of being renewable, safe, stable, and affordable, and it is the most technologically mature and commercially developed renewable energy source. In recent years, the state has strongly supported clean energy development.
China is the world’s largest hydroelectric power plant (e.g., the Three Gorges). In terms of power generation, consumption, aggregate installed capacity, and additional installed capacity, China is the world’s largest hydroelectric power producer.
China accounted for 28.47 per cent of global hydropower consumption in 2017, while China accounted for 28.47 per cent in 2017, and China accounted for 19.20 per cent of hydropower installed in 2017: 6,000 kilowatts and more in 2017.
The installed capacity of electrical equipment is 1,777 million kW (+79.8 per cent of the same year), of which 6,000 kW and more power plants have a installed capacity of 341 million kW (+2.73 per cent of the same year). As a result of the fact that in recent years the installed capacity of hydroelectric power has been slower than the installed capacity of the station, the capacity of the installed power has declined from 24.85 per cent in 2000 to 19.20 per cent in 2017.
In January-July 2018, China accumulated 3,837,330 million kilowatt hours (+7.8 per cent of the year), of which the cumulative value of hydroelectric power generation was 5,90.110 billion kilowatt hours (+3.50 per cent of the year).
The share of total electricity generation is 15.38%. Hydropower generation is clearly seasonal and concentrated in the second half of the year, so that the share of hydropower in the first half of the year tends to be low.
From 2000 to date, the current monthly value and rate of increase in hydropower generation in China (%) The future of hydropower: the cost of hydropower development has risen, and the scarcity of high-quality large hydropower projects has highlighted the fact that 70% of China's hydropower resources are concentrated in the south-west region, which needs to be delivered east-west to secure electricity consumption, according to the state.
The findings of the National Review of Hydropower Resources, published by the Commission in 2005, show that China’s hydro-resource theory holds 608 trillion kilowatt-hours, 694 million kilowatts of theoretical reservoirs, 542 million kilowatts of technological development and 542 million kilowatts, and is the world’s richest source of hydro-energy resources. China’s hydro-energy resources are mainly located in the south-west region, and in the south-west region (especially Sichuan and Yun).
While China’s economic centers and power-consuming areas are concentrated in the eastern region, they need to be delivered east-west to guarantee electricity and electricity consumption. Yangjie’s electricity is a high-quality, large-scale hydroelectric project, with a strong natural resource advantage: China’s 13th China, based on China’s electricity and electricity, is concentrated in the eastern region.
Large hydropower bases have more than half of the country's electricity and water supply, and the total planned installation of the 13 main hydroelectric bases exceeds 285.76 million kW and 321.09 million kW, which together account for more than one third of the exploitable capacity of the 13 main hydropower bases, and is dominated by excellent large hydropower projects, with Yangtze power being a high-quality water supply from the “Gin Sha River Water and Upper Yangtze”
The main developers of electricity projects have a superior natural advantage. Hydropower development projects in the south-west region are relatively small, development costs are rising, and the scarcity of high-quality large hydropower is striking: according to incomplete statistics on Chinese and Chinese electricity, the installed capacity is currently at 1,259.9 million kilowatts (kW) and the installed capacity is being built.
For 54.44 million kilowatts, the number of projects prepared for construction is 23.7 million and the number of cancelled or suspended projects is 2,364,000 kilowatts. The share of hydropower resources available for development in the 13 main hydroelectric bases is already low.
The cost of electricity and water has risen sharply, the cost of electricity and electricity is high, the economic efficiency of electricity and water has declined significantly, good-quality water projects are scarce, and the Yangtze power sector has become more prominent. Hydropower development has not been coordinated with market consumption, and water has been abandoned.
In the east-central region, where hydropower production is concentrated in the south-west, the development of electricity outlet corridors to the east-central region has been delayed, affecting the consumption of electricity. On the other hand, the Chinese economy has entered a new normal state, with electricity in the east-central region slowing down, and electricity installed during the 12th century.
In 2016, there were more than 20 of the country’s four main hydroelectric bases (the Greater River, the Yangtze River, the Jinsha River, the Lantern River) and the Yangtze River, owing to the fact that the new hydroelectric power generation capacity in Sichuan and Yunnan provinces is well above market demand.
Large hydroelectric plants use less than 80% and some have less than 60% of their water. The problem of water disposal remains high when the Sichuan peak dumps 14 billion kWh and Yunnan jets 31.4 billion kWh.
According to China’s electricity grid, when the average cost of construction of the former sub-regional hydroelectric plants was less than $5,000 per kilowatt, construction was under way. The average cost of construction of the hydroelectric plants had risen to $80,000 per kilowatt, with preliminary estimates of subsequent development.
The average cost of construction in the south-east will be $10,000 to 2000 kW. The “exploitation cost” will affect the market competitiveness of subsequent south-west hydropower development. If the upper ladder power station in the Yangtze River is flat, the average cost of electricity will be 0.386 kWh, and it will be largely uncompetitive when delivered to Guangdong.
In China, there are multiple challenges to hydropower development in south-west China: the high cost of pipeline power plants, the lack of a ladder compensation mechanism, which results in delays in the construction of tap power plants and impacts on the efficiency of water use at the basin-wide ladder level. Integrated watershed development and optimization mechanisms are inadequate, and there is a lack of institutionality in the monitoring of water and water rainfall, flood prevention, water storage, preparation of power generation plans, and implementation of the operational schedule of power stations throughout the basin.
Drawing and managing thin communication affecting the overall economic benefits of the river basin ladder hydropower plant population.