Performance meets expectations, and the car is clearly looking to the future.a (000725.sz) Keeps business steady and q3 is performing as expected.
Goods, customer structure, and technological and product power are ahead, and in the face of structural adjustments in the prices of tv-type products, they continue to operate robustly, with high performance rates and a stable ring ratio. Company q3 achieved a revenue of 55,993 million yuan, an increase of 46.77 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
Net interest rates are down more than the increase in R & D investment by the Mäori major sector, with q3 R & D costs of $3.15 billion, all of which show bases, with a car load showing the market. As car safety, car-borne entertainment, navigation-to-screen demand increases, and the rapid rise of new energy vehicles, it becomes more responsive and secure.
In the post-natal years, it is expected that about 14.4 million "~35" cars will display vehicle modules. The project will be implemented.
From 2021 to 2022, the company will try to start production by the end of 2022. This Chengdu vehicle show that the project will build a fully customized supply capacity from the panel to the module by enhancing the company’s vehicle module end-making capacity, thus providing a one-stop solution for clients.
>New display technology with energy, leading the new tide. The company, as the leader of the industry, has a positive profile for new display technologies such as s1505200300001, s15052003 0001, silencing, plaed, quantum points, and miniled.
Bureau, leading the way to show the future direction of the industry. 1) The company has a high frequency of power in the 8k superhigh clearance area, and has introduced an 8k superhigh clearance overall solution that integrates 5g+ai technology, covering the whole chain from collection, coding, transmission, decoding to terminal display.
Two-yearly, "Seven-One" celebrations were broadcast live.) In the field of flexible displays, the company also introduced a flexible slide of up to 200,000 dynamic slides.
A new generation of flexible displays, such as a roll screen, a 360-degree two-way folding screen, and a global launch of a 400-ppi soft-screen camera technology have made a huge breakthrough in the field of innovative applications that are flexible.
3) The company's extremely subversive 55 inch 4k active matrix amqled electro-luminous quantum dots show, leading glass-based active miniledp0.9 direct product, super-high refresher 480hz growth confidence 2021.08.30.
Specialized electric panels, 0.39 inches of micro-oledar applications of 5644ppi, and so on, " Kyo Orientala: Performance is over-expected, panel leader leads new innovative technologies and continues to lead industry technological developments. "
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Benefiting from re-engineering of industry and forward-looking product development, Co., Kyodonga: 20 billion mark-up approved, accelerated comprehensive presentation of corporate leadership and long-term development space
"Kyoto a:q1's performance is exceeding expectations, newcomers to new technologies."
"Kyoto a: 20 billion fixed increases, performance elasticity and Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. "
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City. Figure 1: Revenue and profit performance in the east of the city. Figure 2: Profit performance in the east of the city.
Operating income (billions)== net return to the mother (billions)  Figure 3: Cost rates during Kyoto Orientala
Figure 4: Research and development costs in Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Revenue and operating cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions) Figure 6: Net profits and operating net cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Figure 8: Kyoto Easterna Inventory (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Kyoto Orientala Accounts Receivable (billions)  Accounts Receivable (billions)
• Days of turnover (Day, Right Axis)
The industrial chain of physical and consumer electronics, and also the initiator of coffee from a well-known semiconductor business incubator in the country, assisted a number of semiconductor companies in the third place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the 18/19 Crystalball electronics industry; and 3/2 in the electronics industry in the 18/19 Golden Bull Award. Liu Shaqing, M.A. Wuhan University joined Southwest Securities in 2018.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. Aututao, a Master of Arts from the University of Gangan, joined the Sunda Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.