q3 performance continued to grow, and mled ' s market share increased significantly - three-quarterly performance forecast for 2021 in Tokyo, three-quarter performance sustained growth, and tv panel prices were restructured
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a significant increase in its performance, mainly due to a higher overall profile of the industry compared to the same period last year. The prices of various products such as IT, tv and others increased in the first half of the year, as a result of a strong downstream demand resonance with the shortage of upstream raw materials. At the median forecast, the company achieved a net return profit of $7.2 billion in the third quarter alone, compared with +438 per cent.
In the third quarter, as a result of sea traffic congestion and increased logistics costs, the willingness of downstream customers to prepare their goods decreased, and the panel factory sought to stimulate downstream pulls through price reductions, resulting in a significant decline in the price of the tv panel; the panel was better demand- and supply-intensive than the Unit was at 300 depths.
Prices are still stable. As the panel plant begins to adjust its capacity, and the product structure is adjusted by increasing its int panel output, tv panel prices are expected to stabilize gradually.
During the first half of the year, the company was able to secure its screens in five major applications, namely smartphones, tablets, pens, monitors, and television.
The first global front glass-based miniled TV, a 75-inch glass-based backlight, a successful product delivery, and a glass-based pop.9 straight-through miniled product with capacity to produce, continue to push miniled to show how the program evolves to high-end applications. Mini/microled has excellent performances, companies.
With years of technological accumulation and the deep involvement of the industrial chain resources of leading producers, and with the continued expansion of mled applications in areas such as marketing, high-end tv, games and electric competitions, companies are expected to continue to introduce new products to optimize product structures and create new performance growth points, based on maintaining the lcd flagship status.
We believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating. The panel price has fallen significantly, the offshore manufacturer's LCD exit has been slow, and production capacity has not been as high as expected.
Performance rating: Exceeded performance, 3 billion repurchases Summary of corporate financial statement projections Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., awarded to the Chinese University of Science and Technology
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.