Events: 7 October 2021, the company issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters, and the company expected the first three Kyoto Easta (000725.sz)
q3 performed well. Supply was strained during the first half of the year due to continued demand boom and a shortage of raw materials such as raw materials, i.e., raw materials, i.e., raw materials, i.e., raw materials, i.e., raw materials.
It is hoped that the price of tv-type products will be restructured; the t-type products will remain stable as a result of better demand and concentration of supply. Companies will still maintain a good level of profitability based on good products, customer structure, and technological and product power.
In the first half of 2021, Kyoto East showed all five applications, namely smartphones, tablet computers, laptops, monitors, television, etc.
Moreover, companies will lead the way in showing new generation figures like technology and artificial intelligence, big data, etc.
Technological depth blends, and opens up innovative industries such as smart finance, smart transportation, smart medicine, and smart retailing. With the outbreak of the fragmentation of applications on the Internet, companies are expected to capture hundreds of billions of class-based applications in order to continue creating new growth points in innovative business.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has a positive layout of the new display technology, such as the super-high, soft-led, quantum dots, and miniled, to show the future direction of the industry.
1) The company has been active in the area of 8k UHF, and has introduced an 8k UHF integrated solution that integrates 5g+ai technology, covering the whole chain of ecological systems in the road industry from collection, coding, transmission, decoding to end display, and acting as a 8k UHF technical partner in the central radio and television station.
2) In the field of flexible presentation, the company has also introduced a new generation of flexible products, such as a 20 million-time dynamic slide, a 360-degree two-way folding screen, and has spearheaded a global roll-out of "Kyotoa: Re-renovation and stock buybacks"
The soft-screen camera technology of 400ppi has made a huge breakthrough in the innovative application of soft displays. 3) The company's extremely subversive 55 inches 4k active matrix amqled emit photo-quantity points. Growth confidence. 2021.08.30.
Showing, leading glass-based active miniledp0.9 direct product, super-high refresher rate of 480hz.
“Kyotoa: 20 billion mark-up approvals to accelerate the roll-out of the global market”
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: The products that benefit from the continuation of the industry landscape, pattern re-engineering and forward looking.
2021.04.29 Aside from the expected performance of a:q1 in Kyoto, risk factors: repeated outbreaks and lower downstream demand.
"Kyoto a: 20 billion fixed increases in awareness, elasticity of performance and "Kyoto a: three seasons of record-high, paneling releaseable " 2020.10.30.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: Revenue and profit performance in Kyoto Orientala Figure 2: Profitability performance in Kyoto Orientala
Figure 3: Cost rates during the period of Kyoto Orientala
Figure 5: Revenue and operating cash flows from Kyoto Orientala (billion yuan) Figure 6: Net profit and operating cash flows from Kyoto Orientala (billion yuan) Figure 8: Inventory from Kyoto Orientala (billion yuan)
Figure 7: Receivables from Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan)  Receivables (billions)
`, & $, & $, & $, & $, & $, & $, $, $, $, $, $, $, $, & $, Fang Jing, Xian University of Electronics and Technology.
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2rd place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and 3/2nd place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19. Liu Shaqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, 2018, joined South-West Securities.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.