A single-quarter net profit is at an all-time high, and new projects guarantee sustained growth! 14 October 2020 race tires (601058.sh)
A single-quarter net profit of a record high of $4.365 billion in the third quarter of 2020, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $553 million in the return to the mother, an increase of 25 per cent in the same quarter, and a net profit of $1,173 million in the first three quarters of the company, which is equal to the net profit of 2019. In the third quarter of 2020, the company produced 1,16.1 million products, a 17 per cent increase in the same year, a 17 per cent increase in the same year and a sales rate of over 100 per cent.
The company’s products continue to be under-supplied and sold well. In terms of sales prices, the average sales price of the company’s tyre products fell by 6.17 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the primary raw materials, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, steel curtain lines, fell by 14.23 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which also led to an increase in the company’s Māori ratio by 3 percentage points to 27.73 per cent over the same period last year, with net interest rates rising to 10.63 per cent!
In terms of cash flows from corporate investment activities, the net cash flow from corporate investment activities was $683 million \triangleright in the third quarter of 2020, compared to $115 million and $228 million in the first and second quarters of 2020, and the construction of new projects from corporate investments began to spread.
In 2020, the company’s main new construction projects were three rounds of a 2.4 million-year full steel project in Viet Nam and a three million-year full steel project in Shenyang, Viet Nam. Although it started production early in the year, phase three in the south slowed down the delivery of some equipment due to the inability of experts affected by the epidemic to go on site. With the completion of the equipment reconciliation, Viet Nam’s third phase will be phased out from the third quarter of 2020. It is worth noting that the full steel tires will not be affected by this two-way counter-survey in the United States.
The full steel tire project, which began construction in February this year for a 24-month construction cycle, but was also subject to the impact of the first quarter of the internal epidemic, has been limited in progress, with the effective control of the domestic epidemic, the recovery of 3 million steel tires per year of the company, the gradual release of the 3-phase production capacity of Viet Nam and the Reconciling of Industry Integration and Corporate Reorganization, and the restoration of performance growth and valuation.
3 million steel products per year in Shenyang, the company will continue to grow at a high rate. Viet Nam's Trade Agreement with the European Union entered into force as soon as July.
\triangleright, "Overseas production is not affected by the epidemic, high growth is still highly certain!"
" Shared travel brings about a huge industrial change, and national tires take off! " \triangleright Risk factors: 1; U.S. double counter-investigation over-expected risk; 2; risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices; 3 and risk of new production capacity not being sold as expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and China Chemical Group seven years of management experience. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is engaged in research in the chemical industry, and Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, which has been approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sunda Securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.