Racer speed leads the industry, Shenyang's 3.3 million full steel tires are ready for production! 19 November 2020 Incident: According to the Chinese Securities Bulletin, on 18 November 2020, the Racer tires produced 3.3 million high-performance smart, full steel-carrying, midday tires project.
The race tire ceremony (601058.sh) was held at the Shenyang factory. Based on strategic development layouts and market demands, and against the backdrop of the severe impact of the epidemic on the global economy, the race tires were determined to push Shenyang forward with the construction of the second phase of the plant, which was launched in just over 230 days.
On February 28, 2020, the company issued an announcement that it was planning to deliver Zhang Yansheng through a fully-owned company, Shenyang.
Against the backdrop of the severe impact of the epidemic on the global economy, the ring group has been determined to move forward with the Shenyang plant Phase II project, which was launched in just over 230 days, and has been renewed with a new "round speed" that covers 130,000 square metres of land, making full use of artificial intelligence, big data, and so on.
All-process automation, digitization, and intelligent control have significantly increased the intellectuality of production lines, improved productivity and product quality. Hung Young-dong, all-streets are in short supply, Shenyang's smartness project guarantees high growth. From the company's start-up rates in factories over the years, all-seat steel tyres have been operating at a high rate.
\triangleright, the whole steel tires remain in a state of oversupply. In particular, the company ' s Shenyang plant has an average starting rate of 97% in 2016-2019 and 100% in 2019. In 2019, the Shenyang plant achieved a net profit of 216 million yuan, based on the current 1.9 million steel plants per year, and we believe that with 3.3 million steel products per year, the plant will have to start working at an average rate of 100% in 2016-2019.
Production, with a 100% start rate, is expected to yield a net profit of 300 million yuan. In 2021, with the exception of Shenyang ' s 3.3 million full-year steel tires, the company ' s three-year period of official production in Viet Nam will lead to a full-time delivery next year. Therefore, in 2021, Shenyang ' s 3.3 million full steel-year and Viet Nam ' s three-phase 2.4 million full-year steel-year steel tires will guarantee a sustained high growth in the company ' s performance!
"Board President, Managing Director, Real Control One, New Beginnings of the Race Wheel, " "A first-quarter net profit, new projects guarantee sustained growth." "Intellectual integration and company restructuring, performance growth and valuation repair.
"Overseas production is not affected by the epidemic, high growth is still highly certain!" "Shared travel brings about a huge change in industry, with the national tires taking off! "
Itd Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, Chart 1 Construction Rates of the Company's Plants (%)
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Industries Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is engaged in research in the chemical industry, Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Suddash Securities”) with the qualification of a portfolio of securities advisory services approved by the China Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.