South-East Asia double counter-investigation, race wheel Viet Nam exempt from anti-dumping duties! Incident: December 31, 2020 Beijing Time, United States Department of Commerce and United States International Trade Commission Public race tires (601058)
The initial results of the Anti-Dumping Investigation of Cars and Light Truck Tyres in the Republic of Korea, Thailand, Viet Nam and the Taiwan Region were 0 per cent of the anti-dumping rates of the race wheels, the build-up of Da, Pristom, Jinko and Yokohama factories in Viet Nam, 22.3 per cent of the anti-dumping rates of other enterprises in Viet Nam, 22.21 per cent of the rate of anti-dumping in Linglong Thailand, and friends
Thailand 13.25 per cent, other tyre businesses in Thailand 16.66 per cent, Taiwan China 52.42 per cent, South Harbour 98.44 per cent, other businesses 88.82 per cent, Korea Korea 38.07 per cent, Niksen Zhang Yansheng
The anti-dumping rate in the race round is zero, and the advantage in the area is even more pronounced. According to the US Department of Commerce’s initial determination of \triangleright, the anti-dumping rate in the race round is 0%, combined with the previously awarded countervailing rate of 6.23%.
The next U.S. survey of semi-steeds in South-East Asia resulted in a total increase in the overall tax rate of 6.23% for the round, the lowest of the enterprises in the surveyed area.
Viet Nam has the lowest countervailing duty; compared to Thailand, Taiwan, China and the Republic of Korea, the Thai region has an overall anti-dumping rate of 16.66 per cent, more than 10 percentage points higher than the race round, while China, Taiwan, has an anti-dumping duty of more than 50 per cent, or nearly 100 per cent, in 2019.
The Chinese Taiwan region exports 8 million steel tyres to the United States, and we think that this part of the export to the United States will probably exit the United States market and be replaced by other regions, especially the less taxed Vietnam region.
Figure: U.S. Double Counter-Investigation Tax.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
We believe that the most important growth logic of China's tyre industry at this stage is the avoidance of American and European tires from overseas production.
This time, the United States came to the fore with a double investigation of the South-East Asian region, far below the expectations of the city, with little impact on the export of company tyres to the United States, as the Taiwan region of China turned the wheel.
In 2020, the company's semi-styren exports to the United States will be replaced by a high tariff. In addition, the company's semi-styren in Viet Nam is expected to fill some of the gap in Taiwan's tyre exits by a technological change from 10 million/year value-added 13 million/year, with an additional 3 million/year.
Three rounds of 2.4 million steel a year were officially produced in the fourth quarter of this year and contributed to profits throughout 2021; and Shenyang 3.3 million steel a year a year early in the fourth quarter of this year, capacity will be released gradually in 2021, and the company will continue to grow at a high rate as both sides fall!
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect corporate business income to reach risk factors for 2020-2022: 1; the risk of new production capacity falling short of expected 2; and the risk of large fluctuations in rubber prices. \triangleright
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March, China formally joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical industry and in the basic chemical industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.