The company review study — real estate industry, January 2021, was new to the same period, and the pace of takedown is expected to pick up.
In January, the company actually sold 3.9860 million square metres of the contract amounting to $71.47 billion. In January, 17 new development projects were added, with 2.807 million floors and 16.67 billion floor prices.
Sales grew steadily in the beginning of the year, rising to an all-time high. In January, Huanko achieved 3.9860 million sales, an increase of 19.5 per cent in the same year; sales amounted to $71.47 billion, an increase of 30.2 per cent in the same year, and single-month sales amounted to an all-time high in January; sales averaged 17930 yuan per square metre in the same month.
Wang Qiu Yi, according to the 100% sales list published by Creary Information Group, Vanko was ranked first in the country in January 2021, second in the country in terms of equity, first year in the year of sale.
In January, the company added a low base effect slightly. From the point of view of the intensity of the ground, the size of the area is the strength of the ground.
In terms of geo-intensity, the size is 0.7 and the value is 0.3. In January, it was the same as the year 2020. In terms of geographical area, it was concentrated in two or three cities. The top three cities were Hangzhou (4.06 billion yuan) and Nanton (3.87 billion).
Urumqi (2.82 billion yuan). The company continued its prudential stance in 2020, but the company was financially sound, with low financing costs, with only three lines of red line to remove pre-collected assets with a debt ratio of just over 70 per cent, a red line and a larger margin in the future.
The financial situation is sound, the financial advantages are prominent, and diversification is changing. As of 2003, there has been a steady breakthrough in property management, commercial property, and logistics property.
As the platform’s development strategy is beginning to work, and it is hoped that in the future more will be translated into cashier profits, the growth of the public sector will be robust and robust.
For two months in a row, it is still a little cautious about getting the land, but given the robust financial position of the Department, the low cost of financing, and the cash available, companies are expected to expand their efforts in the core urban land market, with the probability of a return to greater land intensity in the future.
We look forward to opportunities for re-evaluation of the real-estate industry, and suggest focusing on the industry’s leading business, with the expectation that the future valuation hub will return to a 10-fold level, with a “recommended” rating for companies. The expected downside risk, and the risk of policy regulation of uncertainty.
Figure 1: Size of the company ' s sales in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year Figure 2: Value of the company ' s sales in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year Figure 3: Size of the company ' s sales in the single month and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Monthly sales of companies and year-on-year figures Figure 5: Average sales of companies and year-on-year figures Figure 6: Average monthly sales of companies and year-on-year
Company data - location: Figure 7: Size of land taken by the company in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year. Figure 8: Amount of land taken by the company in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 10: Annual Land Intensity Figure 9: Proportion of Annual Land Intensity Figure 11: Monthly land area of companies and year-on-year ratio
Figure 12: Monthly amount of land taken by the company and corresponding figure 14: Monthly strength of land taken by the company Figure 13: Ratio of monthly land rights taken by the company
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
To date, the Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream industrial chains.