On March 30, the Centre for Resource and Environmental Research released Vanko ' s 2020 performance, with a smooth growth in the settlement and a decline in the gross rate. Net profits on revenue and equity are as expected, and attention needs to be paid to the significant decline in the settlement rate.
Compared to +6.8%, the net profit on settlement income and equity has grown steadily. 2 net land value added tax (VAT) has a gross interest rate of 22.8%, compared to the same period of the previous year and 4.6 pcts, mainly due to high price settlements.
A return of 35 per cent in the share of red money eases institutional investors' anxiety. Debt indicators are robust, with significant financing cost advantages. At the end of the period, the “three red lines” target, net debt ratio.
Green. The estimated IFF between companies based on the average interest-bearing liability size of the company over four quarters is 3. " Balanced, accelerated - 5 per cent, 6 per cent) in the second half of the year, and the financing cost advantage translates into a key profit margin advantage in a more competitive market.
4. Sales and Geo-Synchronous Upgrading - Vanko Operations June. The status of the first brother of the Vanko Property Industry is unquestionable, and the hidden value of the holdings is expected to become apparent.
Depending on large mergers and acquisitions, the Vanko industry maintained a robust growth rate of $18.2 billion/+27 per cent: 566 million square metres/+37 per cent of pipe area. 2 Holdings disclosed more closely: logistics warehouse, rental of residential and commercial (including non-scheduled items) receipts were +37 per cent, +72.3 per cent and +32.3 per cent, respectively.
+4.33%. We believe that the hidden value of the company’s holdings will become apparent as the company’s business capacity continues to grow, and the policies associated with reits mature.
Zhao Xiaosheng has too much demand regulation: the land price rises too fast. Profit rates will continue to go down. But considering the company’s high-priced land projects, rising housing prices, and so on,
Land and finance market supply-side policies suppress price increases, and we expect Māori rates to be sold in 2021 and beyond. Market consensus is that Māori settlement rates are in a downwards path, and stock prices are difficult to rise.
The increase is mainly based on the following considerations: (a) previous years have been well prepared for impairments. Companies have accounted for more than sufficient impairment losses for several consecutive years. (b) There is still room for control fees. (c) There is still room for excellence in sales costs and management costs. (c) There is a return on investment from the sale of some of the holdings.
The net profits from the settlement are expected to return to double-digit growth in 2023 and beyond.
We believe that the company has invested more resources in the holdings over the past six years, and that the overall size of the company is already large. The holding assets are slow to move, and the drag on roa is obvious.
It is imperative that the operation be optimized on an ongoing basis, with speedier start-ups and higher rent and profit levels (a good sign is that in 2020, 10 billion dollars have been cut off in a non-written building, and 10,000 units of holdings are in rent).
For value shares, dividends are an important reference for many long-line investors. Previously, as a result of the new crown epidemic, the company lowered the 19-year red rate to 30%, then recovered to 35% in the current year, the size of the company's sales returned to double-digit growth, the Māori sales rate was estimated to have recovered and the business class was held.
Greater upscaling and exit channels, as well as the capitalization of non-residential businesses, including the Vankom industry, will spur companies’ future stock price increases. Demand-side regulation is too strong: land prices rise too fast.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment