On the evening of 4 February, Vanko published data on sales in January 2021 and recent new projects. In January, the company realized a contract of 3.986,000 square metres for sales of $71.47 billion.
The company added 17 new development projects, with no additional logistics property projects. - A 300-point evaluation of its performance in January, with a sales value of over $70 billion.
The price of single-month sales was higher than the previous month’s average of $58.7 billion; the average price of sales in 21 was $17,930, or +8.9 per cent, and there were structural factors to the increase in average prices, mainly due to the large number of hot-spot city pushers in December last year, and the fact that the subscriptions were not carried over to the current month.
1. Three-quarter settlements are slightly higher than expected - three-quarter Vankoa, which is expected to be better off in the first quarter.
3. “Synchronous upgrading of sales and territories — Vanko June,” the firm’s investment intensity has increased since the fourth quarter of 2020 and is more subjectively active, indicating that the company has reoriented more resources towards real estate development.
The Māori sales rate is expected to rebound steadily in 2021, and contract sales and equity gains are expected to return to double digits 4. “Recovery of $39 billion, which is expected to boost additional sales.” We expect a steady rise in house prices and a steady recovery in corporate Māori sales in 2021.2
5. " Development Business Efficiency Lead, Recovering the Scale Up " , taking into account the fact that the company has set a more positive business target for 2021 and the more active research development section of the long-manufacture series that is currently being observed,
Under three red lines, Huanko is the target of the first year’s higher business and the expectation that the hidden value of non-development business will become increasingly visible, we believe.
Zhao Xiaosheng, the house price rises less than expected; the land price rises faster than expected; and the Vankna land strength is lower than expected.