We're going to compete for a new titanium industry to further improve the whole chain of titanium products.
Incident: The company intends to use its own funds and bank loans for the purchase of the Yunnan Metallurgical Group Ltd., 68.10% of the shares and $5.219 billion in claims from Yunnan Metallurgical New titanium Industries Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “New titanium industry”) which were publicly placed on 18 April 2019 on the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The new titanium industry, which has a titanium mine - titanium chloride - titanium titanium titanium chain, helps companies build a titanium chain. The new titanium industry is an early-starting titanium processing company in the country, which currently has a domestic titanium resource of about 5 million tons, with a capacity of 60,000 tonnes/year of titanium powder chloride, 10,000 tonnes/year of sponge titanium production, and an accompanying capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride.
High titanium slag production. Together with the new titanium technology, the company uses the German titanium boiling chlorination technology, which will help it to repair, adapt, expand, rapidly expand its production capacity and better meet the needs of its domestic and foreign customers, thereby consolidating and upgrading the company’s leadership in the titanium industry;
When the acquisition is completed, the company will for the first time have a sponge titanium production capacity and become a new profit growth point, further perfecting the entire industrial chain of the company titanium concentrate-chlorinated titanium slag-chlorinated titanium- titanium titanium- titanium alloy.
The Lu Fong and Wuding counties of the Karong Autonomous Oblast, which are the national hydroelectric energy base with low electricity costs, will significantly reduce the energy costs of high titanium slags and sponge titanium, while Chu is bordering the coastal ports of the City and the Northern Bay, facilitating the import and export of raw materials and products and the 500,000 being built with the company.
Tons of titanium-upgrading to convert titanium chloride to innovative construction projects that will provide stable titanium-based resources in the future will help companies to stabilize the domestic production and supply of the raw materials of the titanium chloride and high-end titanium alloy projects.
• The company ' s titanium chloride project is about to come into operation, creating a titanium whole-industry layout. The company is currently the third largest titanium powder producer in Asia and the world. The project for 200,000 tons of titanium chloride per year (two 100,000 tons per year) will be launched in the next three years.
At present, titanium powder production is sold at 70, 85, 1 million tons, with 15, 25, 300,000 tons of chlorinated products, a phase conversion titanium slag innovation project, a 30,000-ton high-end titanium alloy new material project downstream, and a high-end titanium alloy material development. The company has always insisted that “deep titanium production is done, fine-scale titanium production is done”.
The development goal of a flowa share (billion shares) derivatives” is to continuously enhance corporate profitability and core competitiveness, and to create a whole-of-life arcade (002601); performance meets expectations, titanium
A strong growth in the white tap (2019-04-23) price, and a trial production in the second quarter of the chlorination project are expected to lead to the future self-sufficiency of the chlorinated titanium slag.
4. Python pelican (002.001): The price of titanium powder has been revised upwards and will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.