Event: The company issued a public announcement, signed on May 24, 2019 with the Cloud Metallurgical Group.
Right-to-trade contracts, which successfully removed 68.1% of the stock of the new titanium industry in Yunnan at $829 million, boost the company’s chlorination capacity and increase the sponge titanium production line. The new titanium industry in Yunnan is the country’s first-ever titanium processing enterprise, which has introduced advanced technology from abroad and currently has 60,000.
Ton/year chlorination and 10,000 tons/year sponge titanium production. Although the device is currently in a state of shutdown, the company could use the technical advantages of the existing chlorination technology to repair its production lines, expand its technology, rapidly expand its chlorination capacity, and strengthen the industry’s leadership.
For the first time, the company had a sponge titanium production capacity, becoming a new profit growth point, taking advantage of the opportunities of the high-end titanium industry and increasing market competitiveness. 200,000 tonnes/year of chlorination capacity testing was under way.
The chlorination phase 2 production line is in focus and the test work is currently under stress and will continue to lead the way for the development of titanium powder in China after the successful launch of its total market value/flow (millions of yuan) and the company's total titanium powder production.
Maximum/minimum (millimeter) 12 months to reach 900,000 tonnes/year, including 600,000 tonnes/year of sulphuric acid and 300,000 tonnes/year of chlorination, further upgraded as the only domestic production process with both sulphuric acid and chlorination
The industry position of the giant titanium powder production company, Python Pythal (002601), is reported in Qatar in 2018 and Quarterly 2019: High Base.
On several occasions, the growth momentum has been maintained, with three years of solid planning, the industry and the Rillium industry, with middle-stream chlorination techniques (one ton/year smooth operation, and two dragon arcades (002.601).
Downstream market and pricing rights (exports more than 50 per cent, Pulse Dynamics: titanium powder sales lead to price hikes after a single-month history of the new spring festival) will take advantage of this cross-cutting advantage of the upper-middle-down.
High, industry locomotive embraces the high-scene cycle.
The competitive advantage is becoming more pronounced in the whole industry chain.
Singley Depth Report: The titanium powder industry is strong, moving from China to the world - 2019/03/15 Profit Forecasts and financial indicators:
We're keeping up the growth momentum at a high base, three years of planning to strengthen the industry's leadership, and we're going to keep it quiet and quiet.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.