A season of record sales, the mid-year of the second chlorination law, the annual newspaper 002601, 2018, and the first year of 2019.
Zhang Ming-45.80 per cent; company revenue of $2.788 billion in the first quarter of 2019, i.e. 7.66 per cent of the year, net repatriation  micro-growth of sales throughout 2018, and improvement of performance of the new high performance ring in the first quarter of 209q1.
The same ratio +0.18% shows a slight increase in sales. The difference in the price of titanium powder per annum can be seen in 2018, where the difference between the average and the average price was roughly the same as in 2017; and the reason for the decline in net profit on the same basis, we find that the increase in the loss of bad debts by $155 million is the main reason for the increase in the loss of impairment of assets, if withheld.
The company had previously issued a quarterly sales announcement of 1606 million tons for 19q1, an increase of 14.7 million tons and an increase of 10.11 per cent, of which 7.35 million tons were sold in the month of March, a record high;
Billion dollars, + 1.65 per cent, profit increases are lower than sales, mainly due to average q1 and a slightly lower price difference than in the same period last year. The difference between titanium powder and gold red stones is about 700 yuan/ton lower than the same price, and 1901 tonnes of net profit = 6.23/16.06 = $3880/t, 1801 tonnes of net profit are measured
1- "Long python pelican: a high percentage of investment value, and expected chlorine production " , 2 "Long python pelican pelican " reported in depth by the foundation chemical industry:
Titan powder with global influence 2018-08-143 and Treaper (002601) Research Brief: Tiantanol Prices Supported, Size and Integration Proximity
4. " Report on the evaluation of the python python (00261): acquisition of mineral resources on board, building competitive advantages " 2017-03-21.
East Hing's Stock Exchange Review, Long Python Barley (002601: one quarter is a record high, and the mid-year of the Second Chlorine Year is worth looking forward to the creation of real estate construction to boost demand + domestic supply is largely company-only, with little impact, and there is optimism about titanium powder prices.
Despite a slight decline in average prices during the quarter, prices have fallen since the spring season, companies have increased their prices cumulatively by $1,000/tons in two consecutive adjustments in mid-February and early March, housing construction in March has increased by 8.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and capital investment is expected to rise back to the bottom since 2015, and we believe that the data and logic of a quarter of real estate construction, as well as that of cement, titanium powder, can be reconciled and mutually evidenceable, and that the year-round demand for titanium powder is optimistic.
This year, the industry ' s new production capacity was largely limited to 200,000 tonnes of chlorination devices, with two lines expected to continue production in the twenty-third quarter, with an additional 80 to 100,000 tonnes expected throughout the year, and the Division ' s high annual output growth is expected; while the global demand for titanium powder long-cycles is about three times higher than the global demand for gdp, which is about 15 to 200,000 tonnes, is fully capable of absorbing the new chlorination devices that companies have released this year; and domestic policies prohibit the addition of new sulphate devices and foreign dragon heads will be on the rise for the next three years.
The company’s cost advantage is shielded, the chlorination method is a spear, and it is expected to grow into a global titanium powder tap. With titanium sulphate accelerates, the power of single-line production is strong, with a single-ton advantage of 2,000 to 3,000 yuan per ton, while the sales price is higher because of the high gold and red.
Stone-type ratios, higher export ratios and quality, with an average gain of $1,000/t compared to peer unit prices, have a single-ton Māori advantage of $3,000-$4,000/tonne, corresponding to a net profit advantage of 2,500-$3500/t compared to companies listed in the same industry, as can be seen from the fact that companies continue to earn a net profit of $3,500/t per ton in cases where marginal production in the industry is not profitable, as evidenced by the near-loss of most SMEs before price increases in mid-February this year.
We believe that the company's success in mastering the country's low-grade titanium concentrate conversion to chlorinated titanium powder production process will determine whether the company's future costs will be further reduced, and we look forward to the company's integration of low-cost, process-wide chlorinated titanium all-industry chains through the use of the Western Magnetium Mine Resource, and through the priority items of high-end titanium alloys, sponge titanium, etc. Construction aims to facilitate the transformation and upgrading of the company's titanium concentrate-chloride titanium dust-chlorochemical titanium powder- titanium titanium- titanium- titanium all-tritanium alloy chain.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial wisdom in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of the historical high of production in the first quarter, and the year of chlorination in the Middle East.
Zhang Minghua University, Master of Chemical Engineering, Industrial Catalytic and Reaction Engineering, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering, since 2015 in research in the chemical industry, and an analysis of the researchers’ views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.