Titanium powder has a high temperature, chlorination is a fast-growing activity - a research brief on the reprogramming of the new titanium industry, and the company's chlorinated titanium powder production is a fast-growing activity.
The new titanium industry plans to produce 60,000 tons of chlorinated titanium, 10,000 tons of sponge titanium, and the equivalent of 60,000 tons of high titanium slag.
The new whole line is advanced, well-planned, and well-equipped. This merger will quickly add 100,000 more chlorine-based titanium powder to the company, and the company’s 200,000-ton chlorination system will soon be in operation, expected to be public by 2020, first and third globally.
The titanium titanium plus high-end titanium alloys and the improved layout of the titanium industry chain will be new performance growth points. \triangleright the Strategic Cooperation Framework for the purchase of tons of titanium concentrates and the construction of the “500,000 tons of titanium alloys” along the west coast.
In downstream, the public ton high-end titanium alloys project has a two-year construction cycle. The new titanium merger has 10,000 tons of sponges, titanium production, and titanium is the raw material for titanium alloys, which, on the one hand, contributes to the improvement of the chain layout of the titanium industry.
Leveraging synergies between titanium powder production capacity, on the other hand, sponge titanium, high-end titanium alloys with higher product value added, and future high-end titanium materials will be new performance growth points for companies. The titanium powder is in good supply and demand patterns, with a high climate.
At the supply end: the domestic ban on new sulphate titanium powder production, which, due to environmental constraints, is generally shrinking; the technical barriers to chlorination have limited additional capacity, and the listed companies have limited capacity, and a 60,000-ton/year chlorination capacity is available; the global titanium powder head enterprise has few additions in the short term, except for companies.
At the demand end: relative stability within the country, exports will continue the growth trend. With these multiple factors, the overall supply and demand pattern of titanium powder is positive. The company has increased the price of titanium powder twice in a row in February and March, raising it by a total of 1,000 yuan per ton (US$ 200 per ton increase in total exports), showing a higher industry profile.
The price of titanium powder fluctuated beyond expectations, and the competitive acquisition of new and chlorinated capacity was less advanced than expected.
2. Peripheral Apertures (00261): Six-monthly high score, as expected, continuously improving the industrial chain layout.
Tao Maw, graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalization), July 2011, Ga Li Xing, Beijing University Doctor of Materials, third member of the New Wealth and Non-ferrous Metals Industry, December 2018, joined the Civil Securitization Team, Wang Jing Jing, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.