Q3 performance met expectations, overall q3 performance met expectations, compared to industry with Alpha, affected by a high base, property decline, and accelerated growth in the engineering and machinery industry in the first three quarters of 2022.
Digger sales fell by 28 per cent on a year-on-year basis, company exports performed better overall than industry, achieving business income of $75.5 billion in the previous three quarters, a 20 per cent decline in the same period.
Revenue from the industry was $2.20 billion, a 5.0 per cent decline from the previous year, with a narrow reduction. Looking ahead, with steady growth policies moving forward, high base-level effects retreating, downstream demand for engineering machinery rebounding, cme predicting an increase of 13 per cent over the same period in October, with company performance expected to continue to recover.
Total listing in high-quality assets, overall increase in Māori ratio, based on a limited financial reporting to absorb combined Māori in the first three quarters of 2022, and a mere 15.8 per cent of Māori sales in the third quarter of 2022, with a significant increase in good-quality assets before they absorb limited Māori in the third quarter of 2022.
At the cost end, after absorbing Xu's limited financial calculus, the cost rate for the first three quarters of 2022 was 11.6%, a decrease of 1.6 pct over the same period, in which the lower cost rate during the sale/management/research and development period was mainly a gain on exchange resulting from the devaluation of the renminbi.
There's still a lot of room for improvement, efficiency gains with overall listing, prices of raw materials such as steel, self-evaluation: performance is better than industry, new Xu Xu is sailing, and leadership is growing.
Xu Engineering Machinery (000425): On 1 August 2022, Xu Engineering's major assets were reassembled and the new shares were added to the market on 29 August, and the integration of Xu was limited.
Quarterly review: O1 rings are better than bright, good assets such as concrete machines, mine machines and towers are injected into public companies, Xu's combined competition continues to grow, overall profitability is up, and the profit-rate-up logic is expected to continue to materialize.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the 2022-2024 net return profit projection double and the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board