\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Refrigeration is steadily developing and is a steady leader in the industry.
Two projects are under the project for the construction of 10,000 commercial air-conditioning smart control units (expected to be in production in May of 25 years), 50.5 million units per year, and two projects are under the project for the technical adaptation of the air-conditioning control units of Li Xiaopen, research assistant (expected to be in production in August of 24 years).
It's a very strong leader in the industry, and it's a global base, with zero operations taking advantage of the wind. The auto parts business collects $4,823 million, \triangleright.
Over $5 billion in research assistants will be invested in the Mexican annual production of 8 million heat management units (US$ 1,029 million), the Polish car spare parts production line (US$ 280 million) and the Guangdong 3x5 million annual heat management unit.
The company has been working with Big Fareo, the public, Mercedes, Toyota, Toyota, and so on, and the new energy car heat management integrated component city is the world’s largest. Storage can expand steadily, imitating robotics to match market demand in 2023.
\triangleright succeeds in breaking through the industry pole customers and has already made the harvest. The core of storage energy technology is the thermal pump-related technology, which the company has matured and has a priori advantage, while the global layout has provided services to its clients for 23 years.
In April, the company's forward-looking robotics industry expanded the global market and created a new growth curve. Simulators.
The future is wide-ranging, with companies capturing market demand, focusing on electro-electric implementers, working with clients to develop, test, adapt and eventually realize production levels. 23 years, one-quarter evaluation: performance meets expectations, zero operations
\triangleright High-speed exposure - 2023/05/03 3. Tri-quarter reporting point, 2022 (002050.sz)
Review: q3 performance meets expectations, refrigerant tap multi-growth curve 2022/10/28 4. Tribute (002050.sz) semi-annual 2022 reporting point
Assessment: Performance meets expectations, the heated management poles of growth are clear - 2022/08/13 Methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.