q2 Improved profitability and continued high growth of the zero plate Incident: 23H1 achieved business income of $12.529 billion, compared to +23.32 per cent, resulting in \triangleright \triangleright
The net profit is 1.395 billion yuan, or +39.03 per cent, and the share of the refrigeration market has increased and the steam zero business has continued to increase.
For the refrigeration sector, which achieved operating income of 77.1.482 billion yuan, compared to +10.7/+50.8 per cent respectively, the firm ' s share of the dominant refrigeration product market increased steadily in the first half of the year and continued to increase global manufacturing, research and development.
In terms of layout and talent development; in terms of zero gas, the company seized the opportunity of a new energy vehicle development in the first half of the year, with 89 per cent of the new energy vehicle business, accelerating the construction of domestic and foreign production bases and increasing production capacity. Sub-regionally, 23h1 generated 67.8/57.5 billion yuan in operating income, respectively.
Research assistant in the Yoon St. John's household electricity industry has increased the profitability of the refrigeration business. 23h1 RVS has achieved a net return profit. \triangleright
At the end of the harvest, there has been a marked improvement in profitability, which we believe to be mainly due to: 1) the high focus of companies on Māori products and product structural upgrading; 2) the devaluation of the renminbi and foreign currency accounting for overseas refrigeration operations, which, in terms of Māori rates, are 25.85 per cent for 23H1 and 25.85 per cent for zero.
25.73 per cent of the corresponding ratio +2.20/+0.37 pct; 24.90 per cent of the gross domestic and foreign sales rate, 24.9 per cent of the gross exchange gains and q2 net profit increase. q2 sales/management/R & D/financial cost (074 million) is higher by $59 million and is recorded as a non-recurrent gain or loss.
q2 realized a net return profit margin of 11.58 per cent, compared to +1.31 pct. Net operating cash flows increased and stock turnover efficiency increased, end-of-period -13.65 per cent, mainly due to a decrease in transactional financial assets; and end-of-cycle company stock balances at 23h1
2) With regard to cash flows, the company ' s net operating cash flow of 23q2 is 983 million yuan, compared with +54.75 per cent, mainly due to an increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services during the current period.
The company's plan is to send out 23 years to the 9th House of the City of Beijing West Side Street.
(b) In robotics, the company focuses on the power executive and is actively planning the sea in cooperation with the client.
Profit forecast: We look forward to a steady growth of the company ' s cooling plates, with zero plates generating double profits as new energy cars are put in \triangleright and the structure of the company ' s products is upgraded, storage energy and robot-related operations are expected to grow
Risk factors: less than expected for new energy vehicles, less than expected for new items, higher prices for raw materials \triangleright, less than expected for overseas markets and less than expected for storage/robots
M.A. in Fusion & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial telecommunications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development department. New wealth in 2015 and 2017. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.