3x10 (00250) Household appliances Intra-marketed air-conditioning-driven cooling plates with zero-breathing keeping up the boom, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
This represents an increase of 23.3 per cent; a net return of 1.4 billion yuan, an increase of 39 per cent for the same year. Of this amount, q2 achieved the return of 6.85 billion yuan in the single quarter, an increase of 27.9 per cent for the same year; a net return of 790 million yuan, an increase of 44.2 per cent for the same year.
Refrigeration grew steadily. During the reporting period, the company ' s refrigeration operations generated $7.71 billion, an increase of 10.7 per cent, and a net return profit of $760 million, an increase of 27.7 per cent.
During the reporting period, the company achieved income of $4.82 billion, a 50.8 per cent increase, and a net return of $410 million, a 55.7 per cent increase, of which the share of the new energy automobile business was 89 per cent. The company is the global heat management champion, and it is the dominant and even the sole owner of many high-quality customers.
In the reporting period, the company combined Māori rate was 25.8 per cent, an increase of 1.6 pp. The fee was almost equal over the same period. Taken together, the net interest rate of the company was 11.3 per cent, an increase of 1.3 pp.
The company’s refrigeration operations are floating pricing, and the increase in the Māori rate is influenced by multiple factors, such as product structure + exchange + raw materials + maritime transport, and there is still room for increasing Māori rates for the zero-carbon business as revenue levels continue to rise.
In order to further advance the globalization strategy, the company is continuing to promote gdr, raising funds to expand its global business profile and to strengthen the production of refrigeration control components, new energy heat management and robotic power executives.
The company’s two main sectors of business are growing rapidly, and we're up a little bit.
Twenty-one times, the “buy-in” rating is maintained, and no direct or indirect compensation for the retrograde (2022-10-27) of the refrigeration business will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.