The steam zero business continues to grow and the storage energy + robotics are available over time — the tri-channel event review report (00205.sz) — the tri-wild-wild annual report for 2023: 2023h1 achieved business start-up.
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iluodx@cfsc.com.cn
The growth in company h1 performance is mainly due to: 1) optimal product structure, with a focus on high-morigin, high-value-added products; 2) cost-sharing of economies of scale; 3) nearly 50% of the company ' s earnings abroad, in United States dollars.
The appreciation has had a positive impact on performance; 4) the fall in shipping costs and improved profitability.  the steady increase in refrigeration operations and the continuation of zero-air gas operations resulted in revenues of $7.706 billion for refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and components of company 2023h1.
The Department's share of domestic and foreign markets has risen steadily and its performance has grown steadily. 2023h1 automobile spare parts generated $4,823 million, up from the same year.
With participation in the new platform and new vehicle design process, the project is now on the ground. The company has now locked in priority client orders for the next few years, leading the way to storage heat management, human robotics business opening up incremental space.
Capacitator: The company has managed to break through the industry pole customers, and it's already collected. The company has seized the storage energy industry's time window and is trying to become a global storage heat management solution.
The company is synchronized with the client’s production targets, actively planning the layout of the overseas production of the electromechanical executives. Capable and robotic operations are expected to open up new development space, covering for the first time, and giving “buy”
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; Māori rate is at lower risk; raw material prices are at higher risk; storage and robotic operations are not expanding as much as expected; overseas markets are opening up.
Industry research experience, covering photovoltaic and storage energy, Rodito: Master ' s degree in energy and power engineering and finance from the European School of Higher Business, Xian Transport University, in the direction of new energy sources.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.