In mid-2023, the stock-taking rate for the zero operations continued, overall profitability increased in the second quarter The zero operations continued to grow, refrigeration grew steadily, and performance grew robustly.
Billion dollars, +39% of the year. The growth in performance has benefited from: 1 company ' s new energy vehicle business orders, which continue to be placed in order to strengthen the pre-emptive advantage of the pole client, maintain a high growth rate, corresponding to vehicle spare parts collection (098051908002).
A steady upswing, and companies actively seizing energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connected, cooking power, heat, billions of yuan, compared to +10.7 per cent, has grown steadily; 3 and the first half of the year, the company's storage operations have broken out of the industry, the company's focus on high Maori products, benefiting from economies of scale and currency exchange gains, and the second quarter's profitability.
The corporate sales rate of 2023q2 was 26%, compared to +1.01 ptt, the corporate focus on high-origin products, the company ' s dominant product markets are the world ' s leading, and new energy orders continue to be released with economies of scale. New energy heat management components were expanded and actively developed.
Integrator and subsystem solutions, upgraded from “mechanical component development” to “electronic control integrated system control technology solutions”, increased automation and self-control rates for component products, enhanced development of storage energy, robotics, and new growth points in layout.
For robotics, companies have focused on imitating robotic machine executives, and have been continuously releasing energy and machinery.
Multi-client collaboration, with a pre-emptive advantage, will be synchronized with client product development, piloting " Three-Purpose (002050.sz) - zero-frozen double-wheel drive, mother net profit, adjustment and landing in 2022, and actively planning for overseas production layout of electro-electric executors; and harmonisation with green chords "
Three-quarterly review of tri-quarterly reports (002050.sz)-2022 - robust growth in harvests, strategic cooperation framework agreements to strengthen synergies in industrial chains; promotion of gdr release, to be used for globalization. Mid-year review of tri-brand control (002050.sz)-2022 - high growth in zero-carbon operations.
Operating layouts, including production and manufacture of robotic power and power executives, " 3-Purpose (002050.sz) " , first quarter of 2022, net profit returns increased on a year-on-year basis, risk risks for customer outreach, exchange rate risks, etc.
Investment proposals: Increase profit forecasts to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Corporate performance is robust, new industries are growing. According to product breakdown, based on analysis of the company's major controlling stock participation companies, the first six months of auto parts and components business was $4.82 billion, an increase of 50.8 per cent, and net profit of $631 million, an increase of 56 per cent; correspondingly, refrigeration,
The subsidiaries' commercial refrigeration revenue of $1,123 million, with a net profit of $217 million; the microchannel revenue of $1,029 million, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $110 million, an increase of 52 per cent in the same year. The growth in performance benefited from: (a) the continued release of company ' s new and source vehicle service orders to strengthen the front-loading advantage of the pole customers and maintain high growth; and (b) refrigeration air conditioning.
The company’s leading product market share has risen steadily, and the company’s performance has grown steadily in terms of energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connected, cooking power, heat pumps, storage, etc. In the first half of 2023, the company’s storage portfolio was outpaced by industry pole customers and generated revenue.
At the end of Māori: Māori sales were 25.81% in the first half of 2023, Māori sales in the same year + 1.62 ptt, net interest rate on parentage, and Māori in the first half of the year was 25.85% in the first half of the year, Māori in the first half of the year + 2.20 ptt, Māori in the auto parts business, 25.73%, and Māori increases are expected to benefit from corporate focus + 0.37 ptt.
High Māori products, the continued release of new energy orders, the scale effect and the increase in the home-made rate of the zero component products. Cost-side: company sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates in the first half of 2023, non-recurring gains/losses, avoidance of raw material price risk and exchange rate risk, companies and subsidiaries
Derivatives operations were undertaken, including futures contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts, corporate futures earnings in the first half of the year, Figure 4: Company single-quarter net profit return and acceleration, Figure 5: Corporate Māori rate and net interest rate (%)
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for a single quarter of a company Horizontal expansion of new energy products, vertical technological upgrading and development of integrated modules, long-term growth with high certainty.
Markets for products such as electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, electrostatic growth valves for vehicles, integrated components for the management of new energy car heat, megga pumps, etc. are the first in the world. Markets such as cut-off valves, car heat-inflating valves, water reservoirs, etc. are on the rise.
Three new production bases have been created, three new subsidiaries have been created to further improve the global landscape, and overseas affiliates have been established in Japan, Korea, Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Germany, etc., while overseas production bases have been established in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, etc.
The stores received $6.67 billion, or 88 per cent of the revenue from auto parts and components operations, and benefited fully from the expansion of the product product category of the new energy car heat management system, which increased the value of the product almost twice as high as the traditional heat management.
The value of core products has been raised from $2230 to about $6410 and the value has increased almost twice.
The product series expands from domestic air conditioning, refrigerator components to commercial air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, and extends to the conversion control technology and system integration upgrades.
In 2021, an additional 7.3 million new energy auto heat management system components were received and evaluated, and the proportion of components is expected to rise. In terms of incremental operations, the development of storage energy, robotics, etc., has led to a new growth point.
Energy storage: The company established Three Flowers of New Energy Heat Management Technology (Hangzhou) Ltd. in March 2022, mainly to carry out activities related to storage heat management, energy heat management and new energy car heat management operations close to the technical route, with a good stock of products and technology, and a storage heat management system solution has been developed with industry poles
In the first half of 2023, the storage energy business successfully passed through the industry pole customers, and it was harvested, and the company sought to be a leading supplier of global storage heat management solutions. Robot: Robot: On robotics, the company focused on imitating robotic machine executors and had already worked with a number of customers.
In 2022, the company will issue a global depository voucher (gdr) and market it on the Swiss exchange, raising funds to expand the company’s global business profile and enhance its cooling.
Control of production and manufacture of components, new energy heat management and robotic power executives. In April 2023, the company issued an announcement and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Green Sioux, Harmonious Motion Technology, Inc. The two parties will co-finance a joint venture, the owner of a joint venture, at Sanhua Mexican Industrial Park.
The company’s performance has grown robustly, taking into account the increased profitability of its original business, the gradual growth, growth and certainty of its new business.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them