The semi-annual review in 2023: zero growth is certain, reserves are stored Keywords: #Performance #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients  23% of the same income in 2023 h1, 39% of net profit for mothers, and Performance Supermarket expectations.
Compared to +31.97 per cent, the combined impact of H1 exchange rate is $50 million, and even after the impact of exchange rate fluctuations has been eliminated, the new energy car has been tied to its head with a steady increase in efficiency gains leading to an increase in profitability. 23H1 is a zero-income income of $4.82 billion, +51 per cent.
With the exception of large United States clients, home-grown head-head sales are expected to increase significantly, securing medium- and long-term growth with strong hand orders; products are gradually moving from parts to standardized components, increasing the scale effect, while companies continue to promote smart manufacturing and streamlined production and the automation of equipment.
And the ability to control itself leads to an increase in the Māori rate.
23H1 Traditional Refrigeration Revenues 7.71 billion, i.e. + 11%. Disaggregated, we expect: 1) and 1 Quarterly Reviews 2023: The Zero Power Industry, the Russian War has affected commercial product sales; micro-channels are growing faster; we continue to increase overseas.
The global layout of factories in Viet Nam, Mexico, Thailand; 2) The storage energy zero and the whole unit is part of the system.
In the field of human robotics, it is expected to take the lead on the core electron executor, stupendous: mid-2022.
It is hoped that the core components will eventually become self-sustaining and more profitable. Review: zero gas, conventional cooling, profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the company’s new energy vehicle long sheets and human machines.
In the light of the fact that the company is a global heat management leader, three major financial forecasting tables have been developed.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.