Events: On August 26, PDC issued a 22h1 report, which collected 98.640 billion yuan, yoy + 1.3%; Collections and profits increased slightly. 22h1 received a q1 ring +0.3% more than the corresponding rate of increase, with expansion in size and net interest differentials stabilizing as the main driving factor; the parent ' s net profit increased by a factor of -2.6 pct, or attributable to the same rate increase.
The net interest income increased by 1.5% from year to year, influenced by weak demand for q2 credit, ring-to-pc, middle-to-year by 0.1%, ring-to-2.4pc, of which the bank card industry grew by 12.2% from year to year, and by negative growth in operating income, such as hosting, agency, etc., as a result of capital market fluctuations.
Top line 1bp, net interest margin is stable. At the end of the asset, 22h1 loans have slowed, with a steady expansion of public assets continuing to be made. The average balance of loans has been rising over the interest-bearing asset ratio, but the interest-bearing asset rate of return is still around 4bp. At the end of the liability, the 22h1 demand deposit ratio has decreased, resulting in deposits.
The interest rate ring ratio +5bp, but it benefits from a downward trend in the cost of a peer liability (Run 23bp), the structure of a liability not optimized by a research assistant in Bovin, and the cost of an interest-bearing liability is higher than the 2021 ring ratio - 5bp, which protects the net interest differential.
Light banks, opening in 2022 in Pilgrim and Silver, further improving the Great Wealth Integration, with 22H1 non-intrusive finance growing six months on a positive footing and promising to become a new profit point. Green banks, strong and eugenic, 22H1 green letter.
Loans grew by 22% at the beginning of the year, with the balance in the second place in the stock bank. Panorama banks, technology-enabling users have developed, building digital platforms such as mobile banking, Poe-to-home, Poe-Hae-Yun-Kook, and increasing the ability of recipients and live customers, with 22h1 retail mobile phone banks growing by 27% compared to the beginning of the year.
The quality of the assets is steadily stifling, with both "retrenchment" and "retrenchment". The bad rate of 22h1 is a q1 ring-by-2bp. The bad balance and bad rate is a "double drop" for 10 consecutive quarters. The q2 company has increased its capacity to make provision for more than $60 billion in write-off and disposal, and the stock load is quickly cleared. The new rate of control is 22h1 vs. non-requirement.
The success rate is between late 2021 and late 26bp, mainly as a result of poor effective pressure from manufacturing. The incidence of bad retail rates +14bp, mainly due to mortgages (+12bp) and business loans (+30bp).
The company continues to build a long-triangular advantage, with a steady expansion of its size and a sustained optimization of its asset-liability structure; 22h1 withstands the impact of the epidemic and doubles in its business performance. Risks are “controlling the downside” by both hands, with a negative 22-year pb, which is the first to be covered, with a “recommended” rating.
A small increase in net profits was achieved by a two-fold increase in business performance. The q1 ring + 0.3 per cent increase in corporate revenue on a year-on-year basis, and the 1.1 per cent increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis, largely due to expansion in size and a stable net spread.
Figure 1: Peripheral growth (cumulative) in performance up to 22h1 One season, 22q2 companies received 1.7 per cent, 3.2 per cent, compared to q1 ring +0.7 pct, -6.9 pct, affected by the epidemic, while corporate revenue continued to be more resilient, resulting in net profit returns.
This decline is either due to the firm’s increased provision for business soundness.Figure 2: According to the BPW’s performance up to 22H1 (single season), the net interest income of 22q2 increased by 1.5 per cent over the same period and was affected by the spread of the q2 epidemic.
Ring 1 pct; other non-interest income increased by 1.7 per cent over the year, with a comparison of q1 ring + 8.8 pct, contributing to revenue collection
The non-interest-for-interest income increase ring ratio +8.8 pct benefits mainly from the increase in investment earnings and exchange gains and losses.Figure 5: The breakdown in PDC 21H1-22h1 is a robust expansion of the same scale and the margin is stable.
At the end of the spectrum, focusing on such priority areas as manufacturing, green finance, inclusive finance and so on, there is a steady expansion of interest-bearing assets. At the end of the debt, a decline in the ratio of 22h1 life-time deposits has led to savings.
Interest rate ring + 5bp, but benefiting from pressure on the cost of corporate liabilities, optimized liability structure, interest-bearing liability ratios are higher than the 2021 ring ratio - 5bp, and care for net interest differentials. Pricing effects, yield rates are higher than the 2021 ring ratio - 3bp, resulting in interest-generating asset rate round ratios - 3bp - to
2.06%, but benefiting from the decline in the cost of corporate debt (Run 23bp), the optimization of the debt structure, interest-bearing, capitalizing on Shanghai’s masters, and the creation of the long triangle stock leader. Pouphu Bank has been using the long triangle as a high ground for its own business development strategy, with 22h1 long triangles in deposit and loans accounting for 31.2%,
43.3 per cent, 62.7 per cent, profit-making 87.2 per cent, the head office plus the Long Triangle, and companies continue to play the brand of “Long Triangles of their own” and “Banks from the Long Triangle to the World” to become the Long Triangle stock 3
The company continues to make three strategic shifts, creating three banks: "Light, Green, Panorama." Light banking, solid wealth management, business start-up in 2022, and technology build-up. By the end of June, six months of non-conservative finance growth was reversed, and it is expected to become a full new profit. 22h1 retail aum
At $395 trillion, private sector clients 28 million, private sector aum more than $520 billion. Green banks, strong and Yoon “Green Po” brands, 22h1 companies, $378.5 billion in green credit, which is 22% higher than at the beginning of the year, are in the forefront of the stock line. Panorama banks, digital transition enablers, and companies build mobile banking.
The number of digital platforms, such as app, Poe-to-home, and Poe-Yun-Kura, increased to 22.39 million households as of 22h1 retail cellular bank mau, a 27 per cent increase compared to the beginning of the year, maintaining a better growth. Figure 9: Changes in the size of non-conservative capital as of 22h1 (millions of yuan)
Figure 10: Risks “controlling new and old”, asset quality “control new and old” and asset quality steadily tightened as of 22H1 retail aum and the same ratio (billion yuan).
The q2 company, which has achieved a “double drop” for 10 consecutive quarters, is in a position to do business with a firm business plan, increasing its provision for the coverage ring ratio +9.6 pc, and the loan margin +16 bp. 22h1 versus 14 bp to 1.42% of the public bad ratio compared to the affected ring ratio +14 bp, which is mainly delayed by mortgages (+12 bp), loans (+30 bp).
The company has been focusing on risk reduction, with a combination of multiple means of collection, write-off, etc., continuously increasing the level of poor disposal. Since 2016 it has maintained a write-off disposal effort of over $60 billion, with accelerated stock loads. Figure 13: Portfolio write-off of non-performing loans up to 22H1 (billions)
5.1 Profit projection assumptions and business split 1 and scale increases: Poufan Bank continues to build the long triangle advantage, credit and assets expand steadily, benefits from the long triangle advantage and accelerated resumption of work after the outbreak, and the expansion is expected to continue at a steady pace in the second half of the year
3. Non-interest income: wealth management has grown robustly, “big wealth integration” has advanced steadily, non-interest income 4, asset quality: risk “controlling new and old” and poor effective pressure, asset quality indicators are expected to continue to build long-triangular advantages for companies, scale expansion has expanded steadily and asset and liability structures have been optimized;
22H1 withstands the impact of the epidemic and doubles the performance of its operations. Risks are “controlling the downs and downs” and have a negative effect of 22 years pb, which is first covered with a “recommended” rating. 1) Macroeconomic growth is down: due to the external environment and domestic demand, there is a certain downward pressure on economic growth.
The demand for credit is weak and the expansion of the sector slows down. (2) The risk of the epidemic is high: the epidemic is spreading at multiple points, which may affect the productive activities of the enterprise and the income of the population, and hence the need for credit.
3) Deterioration in the quality of assets: Deterioration of mortgages and poor performance rates in company retail loans has resulted in a significant increase in the Department’s overall non-performing lending rate.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.