Events: On 29 August 2025, a mid-term report was released on the company ' s real mining energy sources in the first half of 2025 (600188)
Coal production has increased steadily and has managed the cost of the control charge efficiently. In the first half of 2025, tons, the ratio was 4.51 per cent. The difference between production and sales of home-grown coal was 11.26 million tons, mainly due to the consumption of 8.05 million tons of internal chemical power and the increase in stocks of 3.21 million tons in the first half of the year.
Throughout the year, the company’s target commodity coal production will reach a historic breakthrough of 180 million tons, with an increase of more than 40 million tons over the same year. From the production bases, production from Shandong Base has stabilized at 38-40 million tons; the Australian base has stabilized at 40-44 million tons; and the newly acquired northwest mining will increase.
This is $328 per ton, an 8.7% decline in the same year. Faced with downward pressure on coal prices in the first half of the year, the company has shown greater operational resilience by releasing superior capacity and tightening cost controls.
The company’s performance in the second half of the year is expected to improve. Tons of tons, +11.32 per cent. Of this amount, methanol production is 21.27 million, +6.7 per cent; acetic acid.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. Cost of sale: $1225 per ton, 21 per cent per year; cost of sale of acetic acid: $2083 per ton, cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
11.2 per cent benefited from the fall in coal prices and from the company's excellent management, the chemical sector's profitability.
The company’s overall performance provides a strong guarantee that the synergies of coalification integration are fully reflected. Strategic M&As take-over officers, priority projects move ahead in an orderly manner, and there is much room for future growth.
In July 2025, the company completed its acquisition of mining in the northwest, adding 6,352 million tons of coal and 3,652 million tons of recoverable reserves, laying a solid foundation for the forward development of the company.
The first 10 million tonnes/year mine project has been decoupled and the second phase of the process of production increase has been completed in 2026; the Holin I mine can be transferred to 7 million tonnes/year; the Liu Santan coal mine has been licensed for mining; and the Cao Four-Tian molten mine has been approved for approval.
Mines such as Holin I will be completed with an additional production capacity of 35 million tonnes/year. Chemical aspects: Yon, ICW, full-scale start of the 800,000 tonnes of CYC project, steady implementation of the 60,000 tonnes of CYC project, orderly advancement of the Xinjiang Energy 800,000 tonnes of CYC project, and acceleration of the future energy heat of 500,000 tonnes of CYC
The company expects to meet the planned target of “300 million tons of raw coal production” by 2030, with wide scope for future growth. \triangleright
The commitment to “no less + no less + more in time” highlights confidence in the company’s future development. Profit predictions and ratings: as intra-company production continues to be released, group shareholders’ high-quality assets are sequenced \triangleright
\triangleright and expectations; risk of major coal safety incidents; force majeure in the company's asset injection process
Zhog Ming, PhD, registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) expert bank, member of the China Price Association ' s coal price ad hoc committee, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning and coal research
Industrial technology policy revision and enterprise-related consultancy project in hundreds of cases. In June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector, is currently the head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, working in the fields of coal, iron and steel and upstream and downstream, Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University of Finance, formerly a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society. He was a member of the China Institute of Economics and Technology in petrochemicals.
The expert, assistant director, led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category and Implementation Paths for Carbon Reaching High in the petrochemical industry” and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents such as the national ministry's plans for the hydrocarbon industry, the construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant application research, joined the Sunda Securities Research Development, June 2022
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public-use environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of South-West Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, July 2022.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal mines.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.