In the evening of 19 August 2025, the core overseas subsidiary of the mining energy company, Australia (3668.hk), published its first half of 2025 performance, which we rate as follows:
International coal prices continued to fall in the first half of 2025, and three quarters of coal prices have recovered steadily with the onset of the season demand. From the first half of 2025, coal Australia achieved a combined coal flat price of 149 Australian dollars (A$)/t, a 17 per cent decline in the same year; coal power sales averaged 138 Australian dollars/tonne, the same price.
13 per cent decline; sales of smelting coal averaged 207 Australian dollars per ton, or 38 per cent decline in the same year. From the second quarter, companies achieved a combined average selling price of 142 Australian dollars per ton, or 22 per cent decrease in the same year; sales of power coal averaged 130 Australian dollars per ton, or 20 per cent decrease in the same year; sales of smelting coal averaged 197 Australian dollars per ton.
In the first half of 2025, the international coal market experienced more supply than demand, and the coal index continued to fall.
The api5 coal price index has recovered steadily with the onset of the season demand, with a price of $71.4 per ton as of 19 August 2025, exceeding the average price of water in the second quarter.
In the first half of 2025, the company achieved 18.9 million tons, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year; 16.6 million tons, a decrease of 2 per cent in the same year; 13.8 million tons, a decrease of 7 per cent in the same year, of which 13.8 million tons were used for power and 2.8 million tons in metallurgical coal.
This represents a 39% increase in the same year. In the second quarter, the company achieved 9.4 million tons of coal rights in commodities, a 15% increase in the same year; merchandise coal sales, 8.1 million tons, a 6% decrease in the same year; power coal sales, 6.8 million tons, a 10% decrease in the same year; and metallurgical coal, 1.3 million tons, an increase in the same year.
35%. As the weather recovers, the company expects to absorb the backlog by September. In addition, the company ' s commercial coal yield continued to grow faster in the first half of 2025 and has achieved production.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., expects that company costs will continue to decline further in the second half of 2025.
In Beijing, the city's west-city area is known as "A127 West Avenue" and the Golden Tower B is expected to make a net profit of $440 million in 2025 for a mining energy belt.
To make a profit, you can contribute about RMB 1.270 billion.
The company's long-term value is created by cash in hand, taking into account dividends and business growth. As long-term opportunities, the company's potential future growth and dividends are vast.
\triangleright Energy for long-capable and high-growth space for energy chemicals, we are 2025 - Risk factors: short-term impacts of domestic and foreign energy policy changes; over-expected macroeconomics at home and abroad
\triangleright downside; risk of a major coal safety accident; force majeure of the company's asset injection process
Member of the Pool of Corporate Experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, conducted research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning, revision of the coal industrial technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016 joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a member of the Coal Liu Hong Guang, Doctor of Beijing University and of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society. Formerly an expert, assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
Wu Bo-hyun, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemicals sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Ishi Lee-Wing, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and the coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.