Now the single crystal king, the future global leader, click here to enter text.
It was strongly recommended (first rating) that the company was established in 2000 to enter the market with semiconductor material, that it began production of single crystal silicon bars in 2007, that it focused on monocrystal technology for 10 years, and that it was controlled by a chain of cities after the "cold winter" of the industry.
The introduction of the establishment and “gold cutting” technologies has led to a declining cost of company products, establishing a trend towards monocrystal replacement of polycrystal industries almost on their own. The current ratio of single crystals in the domestic market is close to 30%, the overseas ratio is about 20%, and there is a huge future of alternatives.
The cost is falling year by year, and there is much room for growth in installed capacity.
Companies have consistently maintained high levels of R & D inputs, applied new technologies and new processes to commercialized production at the most rapid rate, with significant effects on cost control, with a year-on-year upward trend in corporate M & A levels, which reached 35.11 per cent in mid-2017, leading the industry.
We've learned from our research that the nonsilicon costs of companies will be further reduced in the future, while companies are also trying to lower the costs of silicon, further reduce the electricity costs, and improve the bargaining power of their products in October.
On 17th, the company launched a single crystal perc battery PV conversion efficiency of 22.71%, creating a new world record of perc batteries. The product is expected to enter the market in the second quarter of 2018, which will drive a sustained reduction in electricity consumption costs. Companies focus on cost control and efficiency improvements in monocrystal products.
The goal is to achieve the country’s flat-cost Internet access by 2020, moving the industry from a policy-driven to a market-driven one, leading to the healthy development of new energy sources. By accelerating the expansion of production capacity and industrial chains, the future is expected to be the world’s leading enterprise:
The supply of corporate products and clear production planning are expected to be 17 years of monocrystal silicon production, while the company is also active in the market for component parts, with a capacity of 5gw in 2016 and an expected year of 17 million tons of high-purity polycrystal silicon with new energy projects, which is an important step forward in the upstream silicon of the company ' s layout.
It is also an essential piece of the company’s luminous whole-sector chain, and companies in the future can further reduce silicon production, improve their competitive advantage, and become the leading players in the global market. The long-term growth space is huge, with a “strongly recommended” rating:
For the first time, G48, a global photovolthead company that looks forward to a 100-billion-dollar market value, has been given a “strongly recommended” rating. “Focus” the Master of Achievement, with future demand only growing and growing.
The company was established in 2000 to move from the semiconductor sector to the photovoltaic sector, started production of single crystal silicon rods in 2007, and focused on single crystal technology for 10 years, the first year on the market in 2012 and the biggest crisis in the photovoltaic industry, even when the market was suspected of being a fraud company, the share of the multi-crystal silicon technology was rising, and the route of single crystal silicon technology was tightened.
Questioning again, and at the same time, the “double reverse” in Europe and America has led to a sharp decline in the competitiveness of Chinese firms. In this dire environment, companies have remained firm in their monocrystal route and adopted the “gold cutting process” in 2013, with the cost of non-silicon products falling sharply, and the single crystal “recovering the dead”.
According to the road map for the development of the photovoltage sector in China, prepared by experts organized by China's Photovoltage Industry Association, as the photovoltaic market continues to develop, efficient batteries will become market-led, and the market share of single crystal silicon batteries will be phased in.
This increase is expected to reach 48 per cent by 2025, with the market share of single crystal silicon cell type N in 2016, figure 2: the market share of single crystals in comparison with the net profit of the mother in the lowest deficit of $53 million, rising to 1,551 million, and more than 10 times the flight in 10 years.
Jump, we believe that the company has a solid, resilient and focused quality, that the photovoltaic sector will continue to grow rapidly in recent years, becoming a global leader in the photovoltaic industry, as the electricity costs increase in the future, the market space is huge and the company ' s future planning blueprint is clear.
The company has consistently maintained high levels of R & D inputs, the application of new technologies and new processes to commercial production at the most rapid rate, with significant effects on cost control, and a trend towards an annual increase in the company's combined M & A level.
In mid-2017, the company combined Māori rate reached 35.11 per cent, an increase of 9.22 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
By 23%, we have learned that future non-silicon costs for companies will be further reduced, while companies are also working to reduce silicon costs, further reduce electricity consumption costs, and improve the bargaining power of their products. In 2017, companies also made a major breakthrough in the efficiency of component conversions, which took place on 19 April at the eleventh session of 2017.
The new product for the bright spots — hi-mo2, he-mo2 is a double-faced electrical product based on monocrystal perc technology, with a power of 360/365w and a power of 300/305w for type 72 and a power of 300/305w for type 60. The battery has a positive charge of more than 21%, equivalent to a single-sided perc battery. At the same time, glass covers were used on the back and achieved.
Two-sided, two-sided power generation, with back power not less than 75% compared to the positive power. The product has the highest 25% increase in power generation on the back of the product, depending on the design of the system power station and the characteristics of the ground, with higher returns for power plant investors; a press conference was held in Beijing on 17 October: solar energy via Flounhoff, Germany.
The breakthrough of this single crystal perc battery efficiency record is the latest and most important achievement of the company in technology development and development. It marks China as a leading player in PV efficiency. It is expected that in the second quarter of 2018 the company will be fully transformed into a perc production line.
The company will focus on cost control and efficiency improvements in monocrystal products, with the goal of achieving our PV parity Internet access by 2020, allowing the industry to move from a policy-driven to a market-driven approach to the healthy development of new energy sources.
3. Accelerating the expansion of production capacity and industrial chains, which are expected to become world leaders in the first half of 2017, with 868 million pieces of corporate single crystal silicon, of which 449 million are sold out, 419 million are sold out, and 99.06 per cent of single crystal silicon production is sold; and 2,188 mw of single crystal battery assemblies, of which 2,188 mw are exported
Single crystal components are sold abroad at 1,259mw, self-used at 796mw, with 100.19% of the production of single crystal components. The supply of public products is inadequate and there is a clear capacity plan for production, which is expected to reach 15gw in 17 years and 20gw in 18 years, when the company will have about 40% of the global production of single crystal silicon, while the company is active.
The layout component market, with a capacity of 5gw in 2016, is expected to reach 6.5gw in 17 years, 2019, and by comparing the production plans of individual silicon firms, it can be seen that, apart from Lungi and the Central Ring, other firms have a very small growth capacity, a significant silicon head, and a rapid growth of the production capacity of their components.
The future is expected to be the world’s number one. Figure 7: Corporate capacity planning gw Figure 8: Individual crystalline silicon enterprise capacity planninggw
In the semi-annual report of 2017, we can see that the company's current business area does not include upstream multi-crystal silicon material, which is also a base that limits the company's ability to reduce the cost of silicon, so in March this year a joint venture with the Tonway shares to build an annual 50,000-ton high-purity multi-crysil silicon and a new energy package, which is an important step forward in the upstream silicon material of the company's layout.
It is an essential piece of the company’s luminous whole-sector chain, and companies in the future can further reduce the cost of silicon, increase competitive advantage, and become the leading players in the global market. In the long run, there is a huge room for growth, with a “strongly recommended” rating:
For the first time, the “strongly recommended” rating was overtaken by the growth of companies into a world of 100 billion dollars in market value.