The single-crystal operation has not lost momentum and the performance of the quarterly report has continued to grow significantly (1) A quarterly performance forecast was issued on 6 March 2018, with a total automated single-crystal order of $8.5824 million, or Camp 2017, expected to be signed
Single-crystal orders boosted continued high performance growth. The company announced a fast-track performance report for 2017, with $1.949 billion in revenue for the entire year 2017, a year-on-year increase.
With the remaining 2 billion hand-held orders carried over from 2017, we measure 150% of the company’s list. We believe that the company’s current high position in hand orders will provide a strong guarantee of the expectation of a sustained high growth in the performance of the public sector in 2018.
The number of restricted shares to be awarded under the equity incentive scheme introduced by this company is 3.3522 million, which represents approximately the sum of the company’s share capital on the day the draft incentive is announced.
The Unit, which was awarded a total of 121 persons, targeted a high rate of increase in net profits in 2017 as a equity incentive scheme, and highlighted the firm ' s management and core staff ' s confidence in a return to high growth in the company ' s future performance.
In parallel with the expansion of the Central Ring, semiconductor business is expected to go up. The company and the Central Circle have been working closely together.
So far, the company has successfully developed new products such as 4-6 inches, 8-12 inches of semiconductor single crystal silicone rollers, single crystal silicon cutters, etc., and the product structure is constantly enriched, while the company continues to push the 8-12 inch silicon processing equipment, etc.
The research and development of the ceremonial processing equipment and the establishment of the Central Ring Lead Semiconductor Materials Company, a joint venture with the Central Ring and Tinless Municipalities, are involved in the production of 12 inches of silicon.
The rate of getting orders for semiconductor equipment in the middle ring is about 0.392 dollars for 17 years for the company’s future development, slightly exceeding our expectations. Given the company’s photovoltaic, single-crystal orders are still high, semiconductor equipment orders are expected to explode, and sapphire materials are expected to explode.
The order fell short of expectations, investment in large silicon plants fell short of expectations; sapphire material production fell below expectations and sales fell below expectations, etc. Pan Yong-la: Xiaomen University, eight years of portfolio research experience, joined the Chinese Department of Securities Research and Development in September 2017, with major research and follow-up
The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.