Photovoltaic clients are expanding globally, with a single major client becoming less dependent.
Event: A communiqué was issued on January 16, stating that with Hanwakalyongunesteknolojileri Chow, a photovoltaic client has moved to the world, highlighting the international best competitiveness.
Han Waqqin is one of the world’s largest photovolt manufacturers, a joint venture between Hanhua New Energy Hong Kong Ltd., a division of the New Energy Department of Hanhua, and a major Turkish energy builder, kalyonenerji yatrmlara.ş.
The signing of this contract has once again highlighted the company’s leading competitive edge in monocrystal products, which have a very strong competitive edge and influence among high-end customers around the world. At the same time, through cooperation with large global photovoltaic companies, we believe that the company’s industry leadership will be further enhanced.
In the Americas, Japan, and Korea, photovoltaic energy expansion has just begun, and global photovoltaic equipment is expected to continue to benefit. The stock orders exceed $2.8 billion, and we expect high performance in 2018.
By the end of September 2017, the company had a total of 2.7 billion light-voltage equipment orders in 2017, of which about 1 billion were recognized in 2017 and $1.7 billion would be carried over to 2018, plus the new year's Circumcision was expected to return the equipment orders for the 8.6gwh ' s new production capacity in September 2017.
With about 2 billion unreleased, we judge that some of the orders are likely to be obtained by Krypsum, and we expect that the crystal-spill power will continue to grow at a high rate in 2018. In addition, in addition to the crystal-processing equipment, the central ring will invest $5 billion in stacks at the same time.
The year’s follow-up photovoltaic new orders are expected to reach $4 billion, leaving only about $2 billion for the Midring IV project to be tendered. With the exception of the Middle Ring, there is a risk that, in the background of the significant growth in installed capacity in 2017 and the high-roe of optical enterprises such as Lungi, the Crystal Crystal Association, among others, will be able to significantly increase the ability to produce single crystals, which a single large client relies on.
As if it were to be improved effectively, it is conservatively estimated at 5 gwh, based on the size of the expansion, that the crystals engine power, as a domestic single-crystal terminal, will benefit directly, i.e., the potential order space is about $1.5 billion.
The era of light-voltage parities is about to come, looking at the elasticity of light-voltage peaks to performance, bamboo, semiconductor orders, and the middle of light-voltage is expected to shift from a smooth overall growth to a high-speed increase due to price-free Internet access.
Long. Photovoltaics have now achieved side-priced access in some regions, and in the future, with technological advances 2. Crystals and power: the implementation of a cooperative ring-free silicon and competitive Internet access system will further reduce costs and allow user-end plus full-cost parity at the end of power generation
The project is officially launched, the major equipment provider will be able to access the Internet in 2020-2025, and the market space in the photovoltaic industry will open up further. In addition to the center ring, the company's optical customers will be expanded in the future.
3. Thematic report on semiconductor equipment I: Oscillation of photovoltaic orders from semiconductor peaks.
The procurement of semiconductor equipment is about to begin.
According to the latest research, the mid-ring semiconductor silicon production capacity will be released gradually; in the first phase of the tin-free base, there will be a strong growth in domestic growth, and the acquisition of 10 billion dollars in investment equipment will start soon, with production gradually reaching production in 2019, given the fact that Krypsum is rare in the country.
The missing semiconductor-level single-crystal supplier and 10 per cent shareholder in the middle ring-free project, we, 5. Crystal crystals: high-growth light voltage, which will be prioritized in the procurement, i.e., crystals that have been semiconductors for a long time.
The layout of the semiconductor equipment will be down in 2018! The supply of silicon crystal circle should not be needed to enter the price increase cycle.
The current global oligopoly in the mainstream semiconductor silicon market has been formed, with new silicon plants built from two to three years into production, with long extension cycles and weak production capacity. So we anticipate that the lack of silicon in the coming years will be the norm and that the supply and demand gap will continue to widen as demand grows.
We expect new players to join the big silicon industry in the coming years, and the investment peak is yet to arrive, and the semiconductor and equipment industries are about to enter a high-growth cycle!
Special support is given to semiconductor equipment manufacturers, and companies such as crystals and electrons have achieved results in the production of crystals. We expect that the domestic demand for silicon from 2017 to 2020, measured in terms of supply gaps (including 8 inches and 12 inches), will amount to $43.8 billion. Through the continuous validation of our industrial chain, the domestic production of large silicon equipment will be crystallized only.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: First move [Crystal Power] leading companies with domestic crystalline silicon growing equipment, downstream including photovoltaics and semiconductors, with the city taking the first place in the country.
Import substitution has been achieved in the area of a single crystal furnace of 8 inches in the body level and 12 in the small volume of production; semiconductor orders reached 100 million in 2017, and import substitution has been achieved and will benefit from the domesticization of semiconductor equipment in the future, along with the Japanese Xindu machine, a first-class, semiconductor plant abroad, revasum (revasum) in the United States, the world's leading polishing company.
With advanced polish technology and patents at the top of the world and applied to silicon manufacturing, power equipment, radio frequency, etc.) joint R&D equipment is about to open up a new performance growth level. In the near future, the Central Ring without tin silicon silicon project has been launched, benefiting significantly as a major equipment dealer.
The rate of PV access is lower than expected, semiconductor national production is less advanced than expected, and the demand for silicon is lower than expected.
Figure 5: Transistor power tdr150a-zjs full-automatic monocrystal silicon growth furnaces
Our model is based mainly on data from the Chinese Electronic Materials Industry Association: the current domestic demand base of 4-6 inches of silicon is sufficient; total production of 8 inches of silicon (with polish and extrapolation) amounts to 1.2 million, while the monthly demand is about 800,000, and is expected to reach 7.5-8 million, starting in 2020; 12 inches of silicon is entirely import-dependent and currently total in the country.
The total demand is estimated at 1.1-1.3 million units per month after 2018. The demand for new equipment for the period from 2002 to 2020 is $5.7 billion, 7.7 billion, $11.1 billion, or $19.1 billion, respectively, and the demand for core equipment single crystals is $4.8 billion.
2. The gap between supply and demand is the central factor leading to the expansion of all silicon plants; 3. The semiconductor silicon industry also has a national production requirement: the actual supply and demand gap = potential demand for import substitution. 2. Measuring the market space for silicon equipment from the point of view of productive investment:
One million a month, almost entirely dependent on imports; by 2020, the demand will be 2 million a month, leaving a gap of about 1.7 million. Such a market for silicon, which is in short supply and oligopolistic, will be silicone-based, with a sharp supply-demand contradiction.
It is expected that the supply gap will continue to grow. Billion dollars, Chongqing supersilicon, Chengdu supersilicon ($5 billion), Ningxia Silver and Zhejiang Kim Rui-chung ($5 billion), Chengzhou Jing Jian Jing II ($5.3 billion), the Mid-Crystals without tin ($3 billion), the Xianxing High District Project ($10 billion), Hang
State ferrotec projects ($1 billion) and so on. Equipment purchases accounted for 70 per cent of the energy invested. From 2017 to 2020, we measured that domestic purchases of silicon equipment amounted to $40.6 billion. The procurement of core equipment, single crystals, amounted to $10.2 billion.
Based on the principles of the investment cycle and the sheep effect, we expect new players to join the big silicon industry in the coming years, the investment peak is yet to arrive, the semiconductor industry and the equipment industry are about to enter the boom.