The company released its 2017 performance report, which is expected to generate operating income of $1.949 billion, which is a year-on-year increase.
78.55 per cent; net profits attributable to listed companies, $386 million, an increase of 89.38 per cent over the same period. The company’s performance has increased considerably, mainly as a result of rapid growth in the photovoltaic industry, continued downstream expansion, and a significant increase in the number of orders and delivery products for corporate fists, single-crystal equipment.
Three billion yuan, set for 2018, is expected to maintain high growth, while semiconductor monocrystal silicon is growing significantly, in line with expectations. With the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry, downstream customers (medium ring light, crystallography, etc.) have increased production and share of the monocrystal market, and companies have taken control of the equipment.
(a) Trends in technology, with a significant increase in the demand for monocrystal silicon growing stoves developed and a significant increase in the same ratio of products that obtained orders and acceptances in 2017; and, in addition, the steady development of company photovoltage smart processing equipment and sapphire material operations, with an increase in orders for semiconductor equipment, which had a positive impact on performance during the reporting period;
By the third quarter of 2017, they were qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
In 2017, the company signed orders for photovoltaic equipment totalling $2.7 billion, confirmed revenues of around $700 million in four quarters, projected that $2 billion would be carried over to 2018, plus an additional $860 million for new signatures in 2018 and $43 million in Korea Kane (totalling approximately $270 million), which has been locked in over 2018.
Yang Shaohui* increased its income by more than 50% over the same year. More orders are expected from the middle ring.
It is estimated that the photovoltaic industry will need 300 million yuan per gwh and 2.5 billion yuan left for the central ring for additional planned production equipment.
Right, part of the equipment order is likely to be captured by crystals, for which reason 1) there are few competitors in the country; 2) mastering semiconductor monocrystal technology, awaiting market testing and demand surges. As the only producer of large silicone devices in the country, companies are looking to benefit from the eruption of large silicone industries in the future.
Rapid growth, with the company pre-positioning, as a 10% equity shareholder in the Central Ringless Project, is expected to sharpen semiconductor monocrystal products and accelerate the expansion of semiconductor equipment. The Tianjin base is capable of producing 200,000 units and requires more than $100 million; and the tinless base (first phase) will be launched in 2018, with production planned for 19 years, with an equipment investment plan worth more than $10 billion.