A fast-performing report meets expectations, with high demand for single-crystal stoves, and new business will accelerate performance contributions.
The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies grew by 96.35 per cent over the same period, compared with 386 million yuan during the same period in the previous year, with the rapid growth of the photovoltaic sector, the expansion of downstream producers and the continuous increase in the share of the single crystal market, the better sales of corporate crystal growth equipment, especially single crystal silicon growers, and the production of orders and acceptances during the reporting period.
There has been a significant increase in the Lee Faressan stock ratio; (2) there has been a steady development in the company's photovoltage smart processing equipment, sapphire material operations, and an increase in semiconductor equipment orders over the same period, which has had a positive impact on performance during the reporting period.
As the cost of light-voltage power continues to decline, it is expected that downstream demand will continue to rise: in 2017, the country installed 52.83 gw of new solar energy, which has reached an all-time high. As the cost of light-voltage power continues to decline, photovoltaics form the backbone of new energy sources, replacing traditional energy sources at a positive pace.
The company, as a single-crystal factory leader, carried over business income in the fourth quarter of 2017. The company announced a major order in January 2018 (a $1 billion procurement contract with a winning price), reducing the dependency of a single large customer, while also representing the company ' s success.
The semiconductor and the sapphire will be new growth points: the company has now successfully acquired 300 mm silicon single-body growth equipment, semiconductor level 8 inches,
The process of a 12-inch silicon single-crystal furnace is a national leader and has reached international levels. The tourist population is stable. There has been positive progress in the development of large-scale sapphire crystals in recent times.
De-import dependence plays a positive role. As demand in the Led industry grows, the company sapphire business has a strong hand order, a guaranteed performance, and a “recommended rating” is maintained: a photovoltaic monocrystal remains strong, semiconductor plus blue bo.
Ishigami's eye-takers.