Incentives for Equity Programs Landing, Future Growth Time
Restricted equities, which account for about 0.34 per cent of the company ' s total equity, were awarded for the first time 2.692 million shares, with 66  incentive programme performance being set aside to demonstrate confidence in future development!
Incentive programme, the first award of restricted shares (80.3 per cent compared to the current incentive) was awarded annually, and the performance test was completed in accordance with the first award; if awarded in 2019, the first incentive was estimated at $390 million in net profit in 2017, based on the company ' s performance report
• Incentive programme covering middle- and senior-level managers and core technical staff, building on the foundations of corporate development The company launched the first phase of the equity incentive scheme in 2015 with a plan to award 2.54 million shares to 111 employees, covering senior, middle-level, core technical (operational) staff of the company for the first time
40 per cent, 100 per cent, 130 per cent (cagr 32 per cent), while in 2014-2017 the cagr generated 99.5 per cent of the business income from crystallizer power and 80.3 per cent of the net profit was well above the performance test requirement; and the persons awarded had successfully unlocked the first sales and first-time reserved sales units awarded in 2016 and 2017, with only 16 persons awarded leaving the service.
The company ' s timely roll-out of the second equity incentive programme at the present time, with coverage close to the first phase of the plan, will further stabilize the company ' s management and research and development team and provide strong support for the development of the exhibition in the coming years.
▪ Performance in 2017 was largely in line with expectations, with a marked increase in profitability of 78.6 per cent over the same period; net return on maternity of $390 million, an increase of 89.4 per cent over the same year; net interest rate on sales was calculated to be 19.8 per cent, an increase of 1.1 per cent over 2016 (18.7 per cent). In our view, the company was set up as a silicone at the photovoltaic and semiconductor levels.
The boom has benefited from the rapid growth of the industry; the rapid rise in income has been accompanied by a dramatic increase in profitability, suggesting that the quality of the company's profitability is better guaranteed and that it is the best stock order in the industry that locks in high performance growth in 2018!
1. Transistor power: performance is as expected, year in addition to the 1.14 billion new orders announced since 2018, with current stock orders sufficient to lock in high performance growth in 2018. In the context of the significant growth in installed capacity in 2017 and the high-performance performance of optical voltage enterprises such as Lungi, some 2 billion more are expected to remain unreleased from the new 8.6gwhh equipment orders announced in September 2017.
2. Crystal crystals power: 450 kg class blues and crystals are expected to benefit from the possibility of a significant expansion of single crystal capacity, and the dependence of a single large customer will be effectively improved.
The development of the microlled industry - the scale of the expansion is conservatively estimated at 5 gwh, and it is expected that the crystal-spill power, as a domestic single-crystal flagship, will receive the direct benefit of a potential purchase-order space of about $1.5 billion.
3. Transistor power: IPV client to global profitability predictions and investment proposals Expanding to reduce dependence on a single large customer
The company’s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, which in the medium term is expected to benefit from high-profile semiconductor industry and national production support for semiconductor equipment. It is recommended to focus on progress in the development and marketing of the company’s semiconductor equipment.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board