Performance met expectations, stock orders locked in a high growth of 2018.
1.95 billion, an increase of 78.6 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers of $390 million, an increase of 89.4 per cent over the same year; and ps  performance largely in line with expectations, with income slightly affected by confirmed progress
In the performance forecast published in the three-quarterly report, the net profit margin of the company is expected to be 3.67-4.28 per cent in 2017, based on the performance report, compared with the projected net interest rate of 17.9 per cent in the three-quarterly report, so that the company ' s profitability is higher than expected. According to the three-quarterly report, the company ' s uncompleted crystal growth and smart equipment orders at the end of September 2017 amounted to 2,741 million (including 113 million semiconductor equipment orders), of which the business approach to all deliveries was. 980 million, part of the shipment, with 370 million outstanding delivery contracts.
Given that the company’s photovoltaic order production cycle is three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery is three to five months uncertain, and the product is received only after recognition of income, we believe that the reason for the slightly lower income in 2017 is the rate of revenue recognition of the order.
According to the Performance Express, the company ' s weighted average roe in 2017 was 11.3 per cent, a significant increase of 1.6 pct over the same year; net interest rates on sales are calculated at 19.8 per cent, an increase of 1.1 pct over 2016 (18.7 per cent). We believe that the company benefits from rapid industry development as a leader in photovoltaic and semiconductor-grade silicone equipment; and that the rapid increase in revenue is accompanied by a sharp and simultaneous increase in profitability, suggesting that the company ' s profitability is better guaranteed and is a high-quality benchmark for the industry ' s leading.
Stock orders lock in high performance in 2018! Company purchase orders for equipment not completed at the end of September 2017 amounting to $2.74 billion (including value added tax), excluding 2018; in addition, 1.14 billion new orders announced since 2018, current stock orders
With the exception of the Central Ring, where the high growth in installed capacity in 2017 and the high-performance performance of photovoltaic companies such as Lungi, among others, are likely to lead to a significant expansion of monocrystal capacity, and where the dependency of a single large customer will be effectively improved. With a conservative estimate of the size of the expansion at 5 gwh, crystals are expected to benefit directly, i.e., a potential purchase space of around $1.5 billion.
Procurement of semiconductor equipment is about to begin in the middle ring silicon output release, and according to the latest research, the production of the semiconductor silicon will be released gradually, with 200,000 additional units at Tianjin base alone, corresponding to equipment requirements of about 13-14 billion; and the first phase of investment in the tin-free base, with 10 billion dollars in equipment, will start soon, gradually reaching production in 2019, as Krypsum is the scarce semiconductor level single in the country.
The crystal furnace supplier and 10% shareholder in the Central Ringless Project, which we've judged will be purchased.
The preferred device for the crystal-spill power plant, i.e., Krypsum's long-standing semiconductor equipment configuration, has been the development of the microled industry - hope to land orders and deliver performance in 2018!
2. Transistor power: IPV client to global profitability predictions and investment proposals Expanding to reduce dependence on a single large customer
The company’s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, with low-cost Internet access in the medium term leading to a high demand for photovoltaics, and will be expected to benefit in the long term from the high profile of the semiconductor industry and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment. It is recommended to focus on progress in the development and sale of company semiconductor equipment.
4. Semiconductor equipment feature report I: Semiconductor silicon silicon with a huge supply and demand gap
EOSG, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is in possession of the Secretary of State for Portfolio Investment.