450 kg-grade sapphire crystals, which are expected to benefit from the development of the microled industry on February 13, 2018.
The case of Chen Shengfeng: A announcement was issued on February 13 that 450 kg class super-sized high-quality bubbling methods have succeeded in the production of the sapphire crystals in the company's crystal ring electrons.
Zhou's new product transcends Russia, leading to the nationalization of large-scale sapphire.
The ring electrons produce another major technological breakthrough after 300 kg of sapphire crystals. The greater the size of the sapphire crystals, the higher the use of materials, the smaller the loss of the edges, especially in the application of large-sized panels above 6 inches.
According to the public, the world's largest blistering sapphire crystals were produced in Russia and initially tested, the crystal weight of the crystallized electronics that was successfully developed at this time was 445 kilograms, shapes, wholes, general transparency, non-fractal, non-crystal, less bubbles, which could be applied to the 4-inch bar of Led.
The birth of 450 kg-grade sapphires, which completely frees the country from import dependence, is another example of China’s technology that transcends the world in the field of new materials. It is expected to bring new growth points to the company’s growth from years of sapphire practice.
With the accumulation of technology over the years in the manufacture of crystallized silicon-growing equipment and crystal-growing processes, Kryptonium has been in the sapphire industry since 2012, and has been established in 2013 and 2014 for the production and processing of sapphire materials, with several replenishments.
The firm’s firm determination to develop its sapphire business and its prospects for the industry are reflected in its cumulative investment in sapphire production and processing projects, which gradually cut through long crystals and subsequent grinding, and the company’s firm determination to develop its sapphire business and its prospects for the industry. In 2017, H1’s sapphire material business achieved a sales revenue of 35.6 million, an increase of 286 per cent compared to the corresponding increase of 286 per cent.
We believe that, with the further release of production capacity over the next three years, the sapphire business is expected to bring the company's main downstream led industry of sapphires back up in recent years, with sapphire crystals with a high hardness, Moe's hardness up to 9 degrees, after diamonds.
Good permeability, thermal conductivity and electrical insulation, good mechanical performance, wear-resistant and corrosion-resistant features, which are widely applied in the areas of led liners, consumer electronic protection glass, infrared military devices, satellite space technology, high-intensity laser windows.
The annual sapphire market, where the led liner accounts for 80% of total market demand, is followed by mobile home keys, camera cameras, iwatch mirrors, and so on. The led industry has experienced a major price reduction in early 2015-2016, and accelerated shuffling has led to demand and supply turning points, especially in the case of led.
1. Transistor power: A light-voltage client to the world’s top light demand surges and the heat of the little distance left stimulates the recovery of the industry’s climate.
Recently, Apple acquired microscreen technology for the Luxvue layout, and we saw microlled taking the lead in the apparel market. We think that microlled is the new generation of 2. Crystal engine power after oled: the light-voltage order is broken.
Showing technology, showing effects and power consumption, being strapped by giants, preparing technology for years, promising to be used first in a new generation of watch products, with another display of appliance, bamboo, semiconductor orders that last.
We believe that we can benefit from the material chain.
The project was officially launched and the company ' s short-term performance would benefit from the heating of the dry photovoltaic industry and the need for low-cost Internet access in the medium term.
In the long run, it is expected to benefit from the high profile of the semiconductor industry and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment. 4. Semiconductor equipment report I: Semiconductorization. It is recommended to focus on progress in the development and sale of company semiconductor equipment.
The performance contribution of the large supply and demand gap of the silicon silicon is expected to be a net return profit of 4.1, 5.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board