It's still worth the future, and the company's announcement was sent out by the consulting firm for luminous, pan-Asian engineering equipment in Tianjin.
At the time, we issued an announcement to implement the four-phase change projects and four-phase conversion projects to add a single crystal with a silicon capacity of 8.6gw. We took the view that the previous crystallizer power had been in the middle 12mth price range in the previous period.
In terms of the winning position of the equipment at the time of the new production of the ring shares, the crystals engine power will continue to acquire a large list. The liquidity/total equity (million shares) is high. The winning list is consistent with previous expectations.
The equipment market space is a single-crystal + cutter + one machine, which is expected to total $2.98 billion. After this winning bid, the single-crystal facility of $858 million is expected to remain viable in the future.
Qiu Min-soo has not implemented a contract to guarantee the future performance of the company. According to the company's three-quarterly report, the company's total outstanding contract is 3,599 million yuan as of the end of the billions, plus this winning order.
The contract is expected to be 2.5 billion yuan in 2018. An adequate order for photovoltaic equipment has been secured. Related reports: 20170807-nrc17-ct47: Jing Sheng (300316) company depth report: 10 years of industry.
• monocrystal silicon benefits from increased luminosity and penetration, and production capacity will continue to expand.
20170828-nrc17-ct55: semi-annual reporting in 2017, in the context of the general trend of PV Internet access, single crystals are the future trend. Single crystal silicon penetration rates keep coming up: photovoltaic equipment benefits from industry highs, semiconductors.
High, optimisticly projected to reach 40-50 per cent in 2020, and based on our optimistic projections of a major global trend in the domestic production of equipment in 2020, less than 74gw of additional production capacity for monocrystal silicon is needed, with China occupying the main production capacity of silicon tablets worldwide.
20171019-nrc17-ct64: Dynamics: Central Circle, where our statistics show the capacity of single crystal silicon in the country, which is currently in a tight balance. I add 8.6gw silicon, single crystal silicon.
In the context of the continued validation of the expansional logic of the global photovoltage machine and the continued increase in the permeability of single crystalline silicon, the three-quarterly review of the photovoltaic industry in 2017.
Now, the future production of single crystal silicon silicon is still going to continue. Single crystal silicon equipment continues to benefit from the light, the installed machines continue to be high, and the semiconductor national production wave strikes at the single crystallized energy investment in high industry and single crystal silicone penetration.
No. 2017129: The semiconductor field is constantly configured, the wind is resonant, and the growth equipment will benefit fully from the photovoltage of single crystal silicon permeation to increase the production capacity of the dragon factoryer.
The production of silicone crystals in the context of the larger trend towards national production of semiconductors. Maintenance of the company’s “increasing” rating and the development of gemstone materials are not as good as expected.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.