The luminous order, the semiconductor order, is still valid, January 12th, 2018.
Incident: In a communiqué issued on 11 January, the Transistor Electric received a notification of the winning bid for the middle ring luminous voltage, the winning bid. The fourth phase of its first tranche of project equipment was purchased for a total amount of 860 million, and the supply equipment was an all-automatic crystal growth furnace at the photovoltaic level.
By the end of September 2017, the company had a total of 2.7 billion light-voltage equipment orders, of which about 1 billion were recognized in 2017, $1.7 billion would be carried over to 2018, plus the new year.
Of the equipment orders for the new 8.6gwh output in September 2017, a further 2 billion are expected to remain unreleased, and we judge that some of the orders may be obtained by Jing Sheng, and we expect that the performance of the crystals engine will continue to grow at a high rate in 2018.
In addition, in addition to the crystal processing equipment, the central ring will also invest $5 billion in stacked tiles, and the subsequent new photovoltaic orders are expected to reach $4 billion, with only the medium-ring four projects estimated at $2 billion yet to be tendered. In addition to the middle-ring, there will be a significant increase in installed capacity in 2017, and the back of the photovolt enterprise Goroe, such as Lungi, in the year 2017.
In view of the fact that there is a potential for a significant expansion of single crystal capacity, such as the Crystal Crystal Association, and that the current image of a single large client will be effectively improved, with a conservative estimate of 5 gwh, that crystals are going to benefit directly as a domestic single-crystal tap, that is, a potential purchase-order space of about $1.5 billion.
In the middle of the PV era, the demand curve is expected to shift from an overall smooth growth to a high-speed increase due to price parity. Photovoltage has now reached a level playing field for users in some regions, with technological advances in the future.
And the introduction of a competitive Internet access system will further reduce costs and allow user-end + full parity of power to be achieved by 2020-2025, and the market space in the photovoltaic industry will be opened. The company’s optical customers, in addition to the center ring, will be expanded in the future.
The purchase of semiconductor equipment is about to begin in the middle ring of silicone, which, according to the latest research, will be released gradually; the tin-free base is number one.
The acquisition of 10 billion-dollar investment equipment will start soon and will be gradually produced in 2019, and since Crystal is a scarce domestic semiconductor-level single-crystal supplier and 10 per cent shareholder in the Central Ringless Project, we judge that the central ring of equipment will be preferred in the procurement, i.e., the crystals have been in semiconductors for a long time.
1. Transistor power: Co-operative silicon-free device layout will land in 2018! Project officially launched, major equipment dealer
Significant benefits - 20171229  supply of silicon crystal round should not be needed to enter the price-raising cycle and the high temperature of industry entry is determined! 2. Semiconductor equipment special report I: Half-guided
The silicon expansion cycle is long and the production capacity is less resilient. The current global supply and demand gap in the mainstream semiconductor silicon market has created an oligopoly, with a new silicon plant with a 2 to 3-year life span.
Equipment investment opportunities - 20171222 - weak supply of capacity. So we expect that the lack of silicon in the next few years will be normal and, with demand low, three crystals: three quarters of the report outpaced.
The gap between supply and demand will continue to grow. During this period, domestic demand will remain high, and investment will not reach its peak.
There will still be new players for several years, with investment peaks yet to arrive, semiconductor industries and equipment industries, namely, 4. Crystal ceiling power: a high-performance light voltage.
Central ring shares. Three billion dollars to build. Silicon chip projects to support the nationalization of semiconductors. Silicon chip equipment needs a lot of space, and there's a breakthrough in the nationalization of the core chain.
With the country ' s 02 dedicated support to semiconductor equipment manufacturers, companies such as Transistor Electric have achieved results in crystal production equipment. We expect to measure silicon in terms of supply gaps (including 8 and 12 inches) between 2017 and 2020.
The demand for equipment will amount to $43.8 billion. Through the continuous validation of our industrial chain, the domestic production of large silicon equipment will only be crystallized, and the power of the power will be fixed. In addition to the single-crystal furnace, the back-crushing will also be nationalized.
Domestic crystalline silicon growing equipment leads, downstream, including photovoltaics and semiconductors, with the highest rate in the country. Import substitution has now been achieved in the semiconductor 8 inch monocrystal area, 12 inches of small volume production; semiconductor orders in 2017, 100 million, have been made for import substitution, and will benefit from the nationalization of semiconductor equipment in the future, which is half-class with foreign counterparts.
A new performance growth level is about to be opened for co-research and development equipment by the manufacturer of the Cyto plant, the American revasum (the world’s leading polishing company, with the world’s top-level advanced polishing technology and patents, and its application to silicon manufacturing, power equipment, radio frequency, etc.). The recent launch of the Central Ring without tin silicon project has begun.
It has benefited significantly from being a major equipment dealer, with less than expected rates of photovoltaic parity access, lower than expected national production of semiconductors and lower than expected demand for silicon tablets.
Figure 5: Transistor power tdr150a-zjs full-automatic monocrystal silicon growth furnaces
Our model is based mainly on data from the Chinese Electronic Materials Industry Association: the current base of demand for 4-6 inches of silicon in the country could have met: 8 inches of total production of silicon (including polish and extrapolation) at a total of 1.2 million, while the monthly demand was about 800,000, with a projected monthly demand of 7.5 to 8 million from 2020; 12 inches of silicon were entirely import-dependent and currently total in the country.
The total demand is estimated at 1.1-1.3 million units per month after 2018. The demand for new equipment for the period from 2002 to 2020 is $5.7 billion, 7.7 billion, $11.1 billion, or $19.1 billion, respectively, and the demand for core equipment single crystals is $4.8 billion.
2. The gap between supply and demand is the central factor leading to the expansion of all silicon plants; 3. The semiconductor silicon industry also has a national production requirement: the actual supply and demand gap = potential demand for import substitution. 2. Measuring the market space for silicon equipment from the point of view of productive investment:
One million a month, almost entirely dependent on imports; by 2020, the demand will be 2 million a month, leaving a gap of about 1.7 million. Such a market of silicon, which is in short supply and is monopolized, will be a major supply-demand paradox that will push silicon into national production.
There are currently at least nine silicon projects in the country, with a combined investment of close to 60 billion yuan: Shanghai Shinjing ($6.8 billion), Chongqing Super Silicon, Chengdu SuperSilicon ($5 billion), Ningxia Silver and Zing Jianxiang ($5 billion) and Chengzhou Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jianjiang (5 billion)
Between 2017 and 2020, the procurement of domestic silicon equipment amounted to $40.6 billion.
Based on the principles of the investment cycle and the sheep effect, we expect new players to join the big silicon industry in the coming years, and the semiconductor industry and equipment are about to enter a high-growth cycle before the peak of investment comes!
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board