An event: The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2018 on 5 March, with a projected net profit of $10,000 a quarter. With the rapid growth in the photovoltaic sector, downstream producers continued to grow and share in the monocrystal market continued to rise.
The sale of crystallized growth equipment, especially single-crystal silicon growth furnaces and smart processing equipment, was better, with a significant increase in the number of products received and inspected during the reporting period; the increase in sales of company semiconductor equipment and sapphire materials also had a positive impact on performance.
By the end of the third quarter of 2017, the company had not completed its contract of $2.741 billion, and some of the contracts were carried over into operating income in the fourth quarter of 2017.
The company’s performance forecast for the first quarter of the year shows a steady release of the company’s hand orders, and its performance will probably remain high in 2018. As a single-crystal company, as the cost of light-voltage power continues to decline, it will be the backbone of new energy sources, replacing the pace of traditional energy sources.
The semiconductor and the sapphire will be new growth points: the company has now successfully acquired 300 mm silicon single-breather equipment, semiconductor 8 inches,
The process of a 12-inch silicon single-crystal furnace is a national leader and has reached international levels. The tourist population is stable. There has been positive progress in the development of large-scale sapphire crystals in recent times.
De-import dependence has a positive effect. As demand in the led industry continues to grow, the company’s sapphire business has gained a sense of development confidence:
The company has sufficient orders and secure performance to maintain the `recommended rating': equity incentive programmes, performance targets to highlight the development message; fast performance reports to meet expectations, high demand for single-crystal stoves, and new ones.
It's still strong, semiconductor + Bluebow, and it's a new rock-and-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.