Events: q1 is expected to have a net profit of 1.22 per cent at a 20 per cent net sales interest rate (19.8 per cent in 2017) for the company q1 on the evening of March 5, with a quarterly performance forecast issued
In addition, the mid-ring photovoltaic is projected to remain unreleased at about 2 billion out of the equipment orders for the four new +4 conversions announced in September 2017, depending on the time of the firm's order, the production cycle of the equipment (3 months) and the receipt and inspection week.
With the exception of the Central Ring, where high capacity growth in 2017 and high-roe in photovoltaic companies such as Lungi are likely to result in a significant expansion of single-crystal capacity, the dependence of a single large client will be effectively improved. The need for equipment is estimated to be around $1.5-20 billion, depending on the size of the expansion, with the crystals power being used as the backbone of the domestic single-crystal furnaces.
The supply of silicon crystal circle should not be tied to the equipment investment, and orders for crystal-spill semiconductor equipment are expected to fall, as the area of chip applications expands, the supply of silicon crystal round should be out of order, prices continue to rise, semiconductor industries enter a high-winding cycle determined. According to Japanese news reports, the silicon crystals in 2017 were strained by demand and demand.
We expect new players in the big silicone industry to join in the coming years, and the semiconductor industry and the equipment industry are about to enter the high-scenario cycle. We expect to measure the supply and demand gap from the point of view of silicone.
According to the latest research, the mid-ring semiconductor silicon production capacity will be released gradually, with 200,000 additional units at Tianjin base alone, corresponding to equipment requirements of approximately 1.3-15 billion; and the first phase of the investment in tin-free base of 10 billion dollars.
The procurement will start soon and will gradually reach production in 2019, and since Krypsum is the country's scarce semiconductor-grade single-crystal supplier and 10% shareholder in the Medium Ring-Free Project, it will be judged that the middle ring will be the first to select the equipment in the procurement, i.e., crystals that have been in the semiconductor equipment for a long time, and will be expected to place orders and deliver performance in 2018!
The company issued an announcement on the evening of March 1 to award 3,352,200 shares of the incentive to 121 target groups, and the first restricted share (80.3% of the incentive) was awarded in 2017.
If reserved restricted shares (19.7 per cent compared to the current incentive) are awarded in 2018, the performance test is consistent with the first award; if awarded in 2019, the performance test is based on 2017 and awarded in 2019, the release of the portion requires a net profit score for 2019-2020
On the evening of February 26, the company released its annual performance report 2017, raising revenues of $1.95 billion in 2017, an increase of 1.6 pct; net interest rates on sales were calculated on the basis of the fast report, which was 19.8%, an increase of 1.1 pccc compared to 2016 (18.7%). We believe that the company is the leader of photovoltaic and semiconductor-grade silicone equipment.
3. Transistor power: 450 kilos of blue beam, crystallized with dignity, which is expected to benefit from the rapid growth of the industry; while incomes are rising rapidly, profitability is increasing at the same time.
The upgrading indicates that the quality of the company ' s profitability is sufficiently guaranteed and is a high-quality target within the industry.
The short-term performance of companies will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, with low-cost Internet access in the medium term leading to a high demand for photovoltaics. 4. Transistor power: The global flow of photovoltaic customers is expected to benefit in the long term from the high profile of the semiconductor industry and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment. It is recommended to focus on progress in the development and sale of company semiconductor equipment.
Expanding, single-larger client dependency low - 2018,116 - 5. Crystal power: light voltage orders break.
Bamboo, semiconductor order is sustainable - Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has a securities investment advisory committee with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board