Qualitative and smooth, fast-tracked wealth management, Grand Bank (601818.sh) 01/0224
• Disparity of performance: a steady increase in profitability, a solid operating base, a strong customer base for public lending infrastructure + manufacturing, and an accelerated release of retail transformation effectiveness;
• The equity end has a strong public advantage and the cost of depositing at the end of the liability has a greater potential to decrease assets end: the first shareholder is a big conglomerate with a full financial license plate, which is still available for integrated financial services for banks, and in recent years has been active in capital-building + manufacturing loans.
At the end of the debt: the cost of deposits has been reduced in greater scope, and it is hoped to ease downward pressure on interest differentials. The share of public core deposits has risen significantly to 89% in recent years, and deposit stability has improved considerably.
We measure a 10bp drop in the cost of large bank deposits, which is about 7bp for net interest differentials. • Quality of assets: enhanced proactive control capacity, with six consecutive quarters of anti-breeding profits.
• Wealth management: the bold industry pioneers, and wealth management strategies firmly advance the “Three Arctic Stars” indicators to make the assessment of wealth management clearer. (1) Retail finance: use of a vast network of sub-line points + high-flux cloud payment platforms + photo-rich product shelves, aum
Growth supports growth. (2) Group synergy: use fpa as a “barrel stone” to accelerate the growth of “business-in-business” integration performance: a steady return on profit, 1.1. Net profit drivers: scale growth > provision > tax > non-interest costs > net interest differential
There has been a steady increase in profitability and a solid operating base. The annual growth rate of big banks in the first three quarters of 2023 was almost the same as in 2022, maintaining a robust profit-making capacity and a relatively strong operating base in a general environment where the banking sector as a whole was under pressure.
Dismantling the net profits of large banks in the first half of 2023 found that growth in size and provision were the largest positive contribution factors, and that the main beneficiaries were to benefit from the steady expansion of the internal assets, the acceleration of the liquidation of the accumulated assets and the continuous improvement in credit costs; and net gains.
The difference is the biggest negative contribution factor, which we believe is related to the industry context in which the lpr continues to decline, on the one hand, and to the faster pace of high pricing of big bank loans and the higher share of term deposits, on the other hand. Roa contrasts horizontally: the net interest income contribution of big bankers is at the level of mid-market equity companies.
The contribution of non-interestable income needs to be increased; the overall negative contribution of costs, provisions, taxes is relatively small, and efficiency gains are relatively good. If the difference in equity multipliers is not taken into account, future growth in roe is expected from net interest income, non-interest, 1.2.1 and capital capital and manufacturing loans to public loans.
By the end of 2023q3, the Big Light group was the first major shareholder in the Bank, holding 44.02% of the shares. The Big Light group was set up by the Ministry of Central Remittances and Finance, with a full financial license plate, to provide a platform for big banks to develop comprehensive financial services and synergies.
The majority of shareholders are also state-owned companies, which, on the one hand, facilitate large banks’ access to credit-type business increases, such as depositing financial deposits, becoming surrogate wage hosts; on the other hand, they also have access to data such as government, letters, operators, etc.
The current Chairman of the Board of Directors, U Li, has held core positions in the CSRC, as well as in close contacts, and has a great deal of experience in the work of regulatory bodies. The current Secretary of the Party and President, Wang Chi-heung, has worked in State-owned corporations and has gained more experience in banking management.
By 2014, large banks had contributed more than 60% of their banking operations, while they accounted for more than 70% of public loans in 2008-2011, stable at 55% of clients in recent years, and capital and manufacturing were the main public loans donors.
The customer base, with large banks maintaining a high share of leased goods and water-type loans (about 31% at the end of 2023q2), is relatively good in terms of the quality of the loan assets in these categories. With the marked decline in real estate-to-public lending, the share of manufacturing loans has risen in recent years, and support for the real economy has increased, with manufacturing still growing in late 2023.
For the first pair of public loans, the ratio was about 20%. 1.2.2, retail lending repair space is still relatively large. Net interest income from retail sales has been higher than the median contribution to the public.
In the first half of 2023, credit resources were gradually tilted towards retail, with no net interest income or revenue received, retailing contributing more than public, retailing was more efficient than public, retailing was more efficient, and retail lending grew at a slower pace owing to multiple factors in the industry. In late June 2023, big banks retailed less.
Loans declined slightly to 41 per cent of the margin, mainly because retail demand had not fully recovered in the context of industrial restructuring, and on the one hand, the pace of growth in mortgage lending had slowed in the context of housing market restructuring and, on the other hand, firm investment had recovered from a weak real economy, confidence, personal income was expected to be repaired, together with the “New Credit Card Regulations” and the internal liquidity constraint on retail end tables.
Elbows, the balance of retail lending by large banks slowed at the end of June 2023 - 0.08%. The consumer loan product built on the “loan-for-heart” line in the year, which reached 63.35 billion yuan in one year alone in 2018, represents more than 50% of total consumer lending in 2018, and is expected to reflect the product advantage of consumer lending as the economy warms.
In recent years, new products have been introduced through offline visits + and the contribution of inclusive micro-enterprise loans has continued to rise to 9.26 per cent. At the end of June, the personal lending balance of Big Light Bank grew by 6.93 per cent compared to the beginning of 2023, ranking in various retail categories at a faster rate.2 Improved signals: the cost of indebtedness + credit costs are expected to double.
2.1 Provisions: The size of the assets has expanded rapidly in the five years since the establishment of the Rewards. In 1992, the Grand Bank was established, then owned fully by the General Corporation of the Great Light Group, with a total assets of 2.68 billion yuan at the end of the year. In January 1997, it was transformed into a joint-stock commercial bank.
The size of the assets doubled in 1999 when the former Chinese Investment Bank was acquired. The Bank of China for Investment, established in 1981 as a window for State external financing, had been responsible for the international financial organization’s loans to China. In March 1999, the Bank took over the former Chinese Investment Bank (“the original bank”) for a total of $65,429 million and 29 assets.
The acquisition of 137 conglomerates in the branch made it possible to double the total assets of the Grand Bank to $140 billion, thereby directly increasing the historical burden of bad assets of the Grand Bank. The Grand Bank acquired the Bank, although it took over its assets, liabilities, owners’ interests, and business points, and it was quick in size and number.
In addition, businesses owe $4.780 billion in interest arrears. In order to dispose of the bad assets resulting from the acquisition, the banks are divided into four steps:
(1) List: one-time booking of the off-the-shelf assets of the former bank, administration of the World Bank's credit transfer component, which contains a high percentage of the non-performing loan, as an off-the-shelf line for the Ministry of Finance, with the assistance of the Grand Bank for fiscal write-off (2): the “two bells” loan component of the renminbi, which will be used for net assets and immobilities acquired during the acquisition process
Offsets, etc.; according to Ministry of Finance Fiscal [2002] 198, Grand Bank Light could use special reserves of $14.4 billion from 2001 to 2009 to write off bad debts, dispose of non-three points from the original investments: the remaining portion of bad assets is properly stripped off, maximizes asset recovery and minimizes losses
Losses. For example, Grand Bank sold the negative balance of $14,206 million to Sindamc, East China, East China, and the Great Wall of China, without recourse, in April 2008 by means of an open competitive sale; (4) gradual digestion: management of water through years of business performance, capital strength, quality of personnel and operations
After nearly a decade of efforts, the Big Light bank managed to reduce the rate of non-performing loans to 2.00% in late 2008, raise capital adequacy to 9.10%, and reduce the burden of bad history to 9.10%.
With the start of a new era in 2009 of light-loading, the period’s poor rates, capital adequacy rates, both moderate and moderate, and no significant fluctuations, combined with China’s integration in 2023, marked improvements in capital adequacy targets. As a result of the overcapacity phase-out, the rate of unsound production rose before and after 2015, but the level of disposal did not increase significantly.
Following the removal of historical baggage in 2008, large banks were light-loaded and stocks and new non-performing loans were at historically low levels. Until 2015, they were affected by excess capacity liquidation, with significant exposure to public loan risks represented by manufacturing, wholesale and mining industries, but were subject to a low level of provision coverage and write-off disposal capacity
As a result of the epidemic, there was also a rebound in bad productivity around 2020, with an unprecedented increase in disposal. At times, public and retail loans were affected by the epidemic, and the ability to pay back was reduced, and we measured an adverse production rate of 2.06% in 2020.
At the highest level since 2007. As a result of the increase in write-off disposals, which began in 2018, combined with the 13 per cent allocation, the use of diversified methods such as cash clearing, write-off of bad debts, transfer of claims, conversion of debt to equity and securitization of assets has resulted in consistently low levels of underperformance and enhanced proactive control of asset quality.
On the one hand, there is a low concentration of loans, with the single largest customer ratio at the end of June 2023, which is 1.76 per cent, the third lowest among the listed banks; the top 10 clients have a 9.01 per cent credit ratio, the second lowest on the list.
Concentration helps to spread risks and reduce the likelihood of exposure to high risks. On the other hand, there is a pressure on the focus area, with large banks adjusting their stocks in 2023 for real estate, financing platforms, record-distribution and credit card “four major risk assets”, insisting on retention pressures, and continuing to exercise total control over industry loans with high excess capacity.
Figure 19: The concentration of large bank lending clients is the lower level (2023h1) of listed banks, the pressure of poor future generation or smaller, and the amount of anti-bullying profits is still available. With the combined effect of digestion and reduction of credit stock at the end of June 2023, 2022q2-2023q3 has been set aside for anti-bullying profits.
By the end of September 2023, large banks had a loan balance of $376 trillion, 4.87%, ranked third highest in the list and higher than in the six major countries, second only to the Bank of Peace and the Bank of Zaizen. But their lending was heavily priced, with interest differentials having some downward pressure.
Heavy pricing within months, which is the highest rate among listed banks. We believe that this is mainly affected by credit card instalments, the re-classification of payment charges and the recording of interest income, and the fact that larger banks account for a higher share of credit cards and a higher number of small and medium-sized clients, which makes the loan heavily priced faster, leading to a greater return than the equivalent.
Shortening, with a certain downward pressure on interest differentials, figure 25: Big light bank lending returns go down with the average industry averages.
Recategorization of expenditures to interest income and other operating costs) 2.2.2, Deposits: higher periodic share, higher “negative” space, higher ratio of public term deposits + more recent periodicization of personal deposits, further pressure on deposit costs.
At the end of the month, the average balance of large banks was 71% of term deposits, the second largest listed bank to disclose the data. Of these, 48% were public term deposits, the main reason for the higher proportion of term deposits.
Added to the low risk profile of the population in recent years, the trend towards the periodicization of individual deposits has exacerbated the trend towards larger bank accounts, with the cost of deposits falling sharply in response to regulatory and industry trends. We believe that there is much room for lower deposit costs in larger banks, and that there is much more to be done to ease the downward pressure on net interest differentials.
Throughout the year, there were three downscalings of interest rates on deposit by large banks, and the cumulative decrease in 1y/2y/3y/5y term deposits amounted to 20bp/50bp/65bp/65bp, which was greater than the reduction in deposits in current terms and within 1y, which would be more significant for large banks with a high proportion of term deposits.
We measure that the cost of deposits drops by 10 bp, and that the net difference is about 7 bp. On the basis of the average balance of deposits and interest-bearing assets at the end of June 2023, we conduct a sensitivity analysis of the average cost of deposits relative to the net difference, and we measure that when the cost of deposits drops by 10 bp, the net difference.
In order to obtain low-cost, stable public deposits, the Big Light Bank has in recent years focused on the deposit of core deposits, mainly focusing on trading, settlement, platform, source.
In late June 2023, when the average balance of public deposits slowed down (youy + 1.40 per cent), the ratio of public core deposits rose significantly to 89 per cent (as a proportion of the balance of public deposits), with 2.3 cents and reds: maintaining a high percentage of red, highlighting the value of long-term investments
For example, the rate of dividends is 6.07% higher than that of the Quad countries (industrial and agricultural) and is in the forefront of the listed banks, with the characteristics of high dividends plus low valuations. In recent years, operations have been robust in quality, asset quality has improved, and there is a greater probability of stabilizing the dividends.
3.1 In 2004, the Great Light Bank launched the country's first RMB property to open up the country's financial operations.
In 2005, it became the country’s first equity company with full financial representation and was one of the first banks to qualify as an account manager and trustee of an enterprise’s annuity fund. In 2010, the first open network payment platform in the industry was officially launched, “Bound fees.”
Since the introduction of the “Facilitation of Co-operation among Companies, Retails, and Financial Markets”, large banks have been increasingly integrated into business practices, with a clear strategic vision of “building a first-class wealth-management bank” in 2018 and anchoring in 2022.
The “three Arctic stars” indicators (retail aum, public fpa, industry gmv) mean that the linkages between the business plates are clearly oriented. The three indicators are interoperable, retail aum being the end of the investment liability, public fpa being the end of the asset, and the peer gmv being the middle of the bridge.
The interface between gold and assets, investment and financing has enhanced the value creation and wealth management capacity of large banks. 3.2. Retail finance: retail hyperbolic aum growth.
Transformation to promote the ecological chain-building of individual clients’ wealth e-sbu (the Great Eco-Collaborative Strategy) was highlighted in 2022 as a comprehensive strategy to promote retail finance 1245+c. The results were impressive, with net revenues from personal wealth management fees accounting for the figure 32: Big Banks have fully advanced the retail finance 1245+c strategy, and net revenues from personal wealth management fees have grown faster in recent years.
3.2.1. Clients: In fast-tapping, with room for upswing in households, retail finance in rapid-tapping periods, with a larger customer base but smaller in households.
At the end of June 2023, retail customers reached a total of 152 million, followed only by the listing bank; the average household aum was $17.1 million, which is still at a lower level in the listings, with a greater space for growth. The number of retail customers grew steadily from year to year.
In the case of large banks, retail outlets have shown remarkable success, and it is hoped that the number of current customers and the double increase in the average number of households aum will follow through the deep cultivation of products and channels and services. Figure 33: The number of retail customers in large banks is the second highest in the stock bank (2023h1)
Figure 34: Large banks have a large growth space for aum retailers on average (2023h1) Private bank clients are the most financially resilient type of customers, and big banks have been active in recent years in digging for private value. In 2020, banks set up a private banking department that focuses on high net-value groups of customers and digs for value in a “dsc business model”
The transition from product sales to client group operations was driven throughout. At the end of June 2023, there were 553 million mobile bankers, or 40.36 per cent more than at the end of the previous year; the number of private customers was close to 60,000, who were in the upper market, but the average household was lower (about $10 million) and the customer had a greater room for vibrating.
Figure 35: The large bank dsc group business model has led to steady growth of private customers, but average households have aum low 3.2.2 Channels: two catchers with wide + cloud-based fees that are high overall aum growth - a wide-covered subline network + a high-fluxing online platform.
The Big Light Bank proposes to upgrade the "retailed hyperbola" (under line plus) to aum on the one hand, to keep the “first curve” below the line of deep-ploughing, to take full advantage of the traditional channel advantages of the under-banking network, to promote “room integration” and to reshape the business model of the network; and, on the other hand, to steadily expand the “second curve” and to set up an open ecology of wealth management on the line around it.
Through the creation of a new “blanc” model, the client base has become stronger, retailing has become more diversified, and wealth management has become more visible. Underline channels focus on the main economic circles, with 31 provinces and municipalities fully covered.
The earlier advantage was that the Grand Bank, in line with its development strategy along the coast and along the river, quickly achieved a reasonable institutional set-up, covering 31 provinces and municipalities as of the end of June 2023. In the main developed economic circles, the Bank was actively involved in the coordinated development of Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay, and the four priority regions.
The Bank’s commitment to international operations, with branches (or representative offices) in Korea, Japan, Australia, and Luxembourg, has significantly expanded the scope of its operations abroad. The online channels are centred on cloud fees, reaching out to the b- and c-end clientele.
In 2008, it became China’s largest open-ended pay-for-money platform. At the end of 2022, the cloud paid a full-year fee. At the end of the month, the cloud paid a total of 15,000 items to connect to water, electricity, gas, etc.
In recent years, the cloud billing platform has continued to strengthen its own channels and has been working to increase the number of users of the cloud billing platform to direct customers (direct use of big light banks).
By the end of 2019, it rose from 3% to 26% by the end of 2022. By channelling cloud fees, it can provide a more sticky and full range of customers for bank lending and wealth management.
Full client data, models based on Deloitte and Touche ' s White Paper on the Valuation of Commercial Bank Data Assets, value of data assets are directly related to three variables: frequency of business applications, level of business support and number of coverage scenarios, and will therefore be channelled through high-frequency cloud fees to other sites in Grand Bank and will be a source of business such as loan deposits, wealth management, etc.
A growing number of clients are being channelled, and the model’s advancement has created a much larger room for imagination. 3.2.3. Product: The optical financial branding effect has largely been built up to raise wealth management to a new strategic level, based on a fiscal advantage.
As a result of such factors as economic growth, the banking sector has moved away from a precipitous era in which the transition is a must. Large banks, based on the pre-existing advantages of financial operations, have raised wealth management to new heights. In 2018, they first introduced the "Build First Wealth Management Bank." In 2019, they established the country's first-ever stock-management bank.
Big money brands have gained greater influence and have grown in reverse size. Since 2004, when the first private foreign currency property “Sunshine Finance” project and the first personal currency property “Sunshine Finance” plan were launched in the country, big banks have been pushing for product innovation and spearheading the introduction of multiple and different types of industry “Sunshine Finance” scheme.
The product, which became a “preliminary” in the banking sector, became the first-ever equity subsidiary in 2019, with a balance of 1.22 trillion yuan in property at the end of June 2023, and achieved a reverse growth in the context of a steady decline in the size of the industry, reflecting greater brand influence.
With the release of the new regulations for financial management for 2018, the business officially launched the "Seven Colour Sunshine Net Product System" with seven colours of sunlight, each of which corresponds to different types of cultural property, with a full range of attributes and a clear risk rating.
In addition, it was one of the first four companies to have been awarded pension finance, and the product shelves were more complete, with a more obvious pre-emptive advantage in the allocation of multiple assets, such as solid revenue, equity, and blending. The financial returns were ranked first at the national level.
Good performance in financial light. According to the third quarter of 2023 Report on Financial Capacity in Banking, published on the basis of general interest criteria, the ability to earn financial resources in light finance is ranked first, while it is ranked fifth in five areas of integrated financial management, distribution capacity, product research and development capacity, operational management capacity, and information disclosure regulation. Net realization achieved in the first half of 2023.
3.3. Group collaboration: fpa and gmv as engines of transformation, fpa as engines of transformation for public operations, with fpa at 4.8 trillion yuan by June 2023. Large banks fully play the fpa “barrel” role and accelerate the integration of “business”.
From the bottom of the demand for household finance, it measures the total financial support that the enterprise receives from a commercial bank, including a variety of products, both internal and external, such as traditional loans, bill discounts, bond underwriting, etc. For the first time since 2021, fpa has been included in the examination, bringing the total value of large bank fpa to $4.8 trillion by the end of June 2023.
In addition to investments and transactions in financial markets, they include, for example, standards of matchmaking. In 2023, big banks built up and completed the digitized integrated services platform for their counterparts.
Four major service areas, product marketing, co-financing, science and technology exports and information, promote the development of the community of practice and promote a steady increase in the size of the Arctic Star target gmv. By the end of June 2023, nearly 4,000 clients had been working together, leaving a total of 54.445 billion yuan in savings and a total of 238 trillion yuan in savings.
1. On a scale: (1) In terms of loans, large banks rely on large groups of banks, large-scale Chinese companies and private-sector clients, with a relatively high share of loans in the two major capital categories of leasing uniforms, irrigation and manufacturing. On the one hand, in 2023, special State debt and the high level of government debt were issued, with the hope that the corresponding capital-type loans would be leveraged; on the other hand,
On 20 December 2023, departments such as the General Directorate of State Financial Supervision issued an opinion on the implementation of quality engineering excellence in manufacturing, which referred to “promoting the acceleration of manufacturing towards the higher end of the value chain”, together with the need for real enterprise financing to contribute more than 60 per cent of the deposits to public clients, of which the most stable part of the bank's liabilities is on the public core deposits.
Fiscal deposits are expected to grow faster with the extension of government debt: plus capital classes, systems, fees and commission net revenues: in 2022, big banks proposed “a anchoring targets for the three Arctic stars”, focusing on high-value net customers, leading the money-earnings industry, and having greater scope for wealth management growth.
Large banks have a solid profit potential, assets have a marginal improvement in quality, and there is a greater potential for valuation restoration. We have chosen the eight remaining a-stock listing companies to compare the current price of large banks (2024-01-31) to 0.3 times the average of the 2024 pb, which is below the comparable bank average.
At the end of the product and the end of the liability, the finer management of high-net clients in recent years is expected to continue with the public advantage; on the retail side, the new model of “blancing” development, which combines on-line and below-line, is beginning to bear fruit. For the first time, coverage is given, giving “enhancement” policy risks: structural changes on the financial supply side, tightening banking regulatory policies: policies are falling short of expectations.
Market risks: less than expected economic growth, weak demand for loans from enterprises and the residential sector, increased net interest income Operating risks: risks from business transformation: fluctuations in asset quality, etc.
Other risks: risks posed by force majeure, constraints on day-to-day operations, uncertainty about future developments