Investment rating: Increase (first time) China ' s Great Stone is the leading firm in the global bobble industry, with its main business being the production and sale of fibreglass and products, with its main product in more than 20 different categories and close to 500 varieties.
In addition to the impact of asset disposal, the company’s performance in 2023 returned to the platform from 2017 to 2020.
The company’s colossal Maori ratio is expected to rise steadily (the contracts signed are still under the original contract). ..The size and cost advantages are significant, and the global layout has significantly improved the competitiveness of the product.
3,200 yuan per ton, well below the industry average, and the cost advantage is derived from the extreme control of the production chain: (1) raw materials: the company purchase price of flask is averaged at $440 per ton, and the single ton of fibres is 144 dollars lower for other enterprises in the industry where the frustric purchases are comparable; (2) energy: “pure oxygen combustion”
Technology “energy consumption can be significantly reduced to about 0.40 tons of coal/tons of yarn, and emissions from waste 80 per cent of the world's first zero carbon-smart manufacturing base in the fibre optics industry is built by the Huai An factory; (3) artificial: companies use smart manufacturing as the core of their fourth entrepreneurship, and production lines are constantly upgraded to optimize per capita production
In addition, the company has established production bases and distribution networks in 14 countries and regions around the world, now owning five major production bases: Kiyosu, Jiangxi, Chengdu, Egypt, and the United States.
The "outside supply" business model can be effective in reducing tariff costs and further improving the competitiveness of products.
Up to 216 m of wind blades, e9 fibres in excess of 100 gpa, leading the world in water flats, currently producing pool kilns and further upgrading high end product performance. At the same time, companies actively promote the use of photovoltaic components with composite material bordering, in line with the global photovoltaic market over the next five years.
In 2023, the village headquarters produced 50,000 tons of electronic gauze and 160 million metres of electronic fabric per year. The remodelling project was completed, with 960 million metres of electronic fabric available and is now recovering downstream.
There are clear signs that business stocks are at a low level and that no new electronic fabrics are available this year, that electronics are expected to bounce back and that companies are expected to benefit centrally. (3) The risk of rising raw materials prices is high;
The recovery of downstream demand is slow, and firms’ performance is short-term under pressure. China’s giant rock is the world’s leading firm in the fibre-optics industry, with its main business in the production and sale of fibreglass and products, with its main product in more than 20 categories and nearly 500 products.
Increased uncertainty in the global economic environment in 2023, insufficient power for demand growth and persistent imbalances between supply and demand affecting industry development, and a sharp drop in sales prices for fibre-optic products, resulting in a decline in corporate operating income and the Māori ratio; net profit and increase in net return from asset deductions from Figure 2
Downstream demand as a whole is weak, and the market continues to generate additional supplies, leading to a steady decline in the overall price of the bobbit and a Māori percentage point. The overall cost has increased slightly over the period, mainly as a result of the company’s active expansion of its marketing channels, increased freight costs, rental costs, and loss of stoppages.
Chart 4 shows a slight increase in the cost rate during the company period. Chart 3 shows a decline in the Māori rate and net interest rate levels of $1 billion, or 78.97 per cent, over the same period, mainly due to cash received by the company for the sale of goods and bank coupons.
In 2020, the company became fully operational at 250,000 tons of fibre-optic and intelligence manufacturing bases, recognizing the amount of compensation for relocation and the profit and loss, recognizing the proceeds of disposal as $351 million; since 2021, the company has reduced its use of powder through technological innovation and sold it at a later stage.
Figure 72021 Starting with the sale of platinum by companies for asset disposal gains, 2 with significant economies of scale, 2.1 with significant advantages of scale and cost for product upgrading, and a globalized layout to improve product competitiveness
The wealth industry is characterized by heavy assets, and, according to the Stone Bank voucher collection instructions, for example, it needs to invest around $150 million per ton of fibre production capacity, so that the annual depreciation is amortized. The company now owns more than 2.7 million tons of bovine veils (excluding electronic veils), and the domestic market.
In the first half of the year, the first production line of the Kyoji River Smart Manufacturing Base was set on fire, with an annual capacity of 200,000 tons of fibre-clothing and a new record of reaching production standards in the former industry’s single largest kilns. The company’s cost fell from $152.75 per tonne in 2013 to $446.08 per tonne in 2023, with a more visible spread of costs during the period of 2021 alone.
Figure 8 shows a gradual increase in the capacity of companies to produce, and the impact of scale is evident. The cost of the company’s fibre-optic tons has always been at the lowest level in the industry, but the gap has narrowed.
The cost of producing fibres and products is significantly higher than industry averages. The company’s Māori and non-tonne net profits are always higher in the industry.
The level of Māori in Chart 11 continues to be in the lead (%). Figure 12 has a relatively high level of non-tonne net profit among its peers, with different product structures.
The company has always maintained a leading cost advantage, stemming from the extreme cost controls on the various production chains: (1) acquisition of the company Quote and Goldstone to reduce the cost of raw materials and the cost of manufacturing them and to guarantee their supply: 75 per cent and 25 per cent of the company ' s purchases of Qingjiang and Qingjiang stones in June 2012 and September 2013, respectively
The cost of raw materials for companies is about 30% of the total cost of production. The bulk of the cost of the raw materials is made up of foliage, limestone, and so on.
Its current flask microflail capacity is 1.3 million tonnes/year, which is more than sufficient to meet the demand for large sulfur. The flask purchase price averaged $440/t, while the price for other businesses in the industry averaged $620/t, and the company's single ton of fibre, if calculated on the basis of 0.8 tons of flask required for a ton of flask, is in a comparable industry.
In addition, the auto-reflection of the boulder to replace the leachate, which, according to the company's tracking rating report, has successfully reduced the cost of the piping by $400-500 per ton. (2) Pure oxygen combustion has reduced energy consumption, and the Huaian base has built zero carbon smart poles in the bovine industry.
Natural gas and electricity are important sources of energy for fibreglass production, accounting for about 30% of its production costs. On the one hand, the company ' s fibres are manufactured using state-of-the-art aerobic combustion technology, based on China ' s fibreglass information network, the average energy consumption of traditional clay-based fibres is 5 tons of coal/tons of yarn, and the average energy consumption of platinum-based fibres is as follows:
The average energy consumption of the kiln-based fibres was reduced to 1 ton; the use of “pure oxygen combustion” energy could be significantly reduced to about 0.40 tons of coal/tons of veil, reducing emissions by 80 per cent and effectively reducing no2 emissions.
On the other hand, in order to guarantee the stability of the gas supply, the company has created diversified reserves of emergency energy sources: (1) the public administration has a gas source station and a large liquefied gas storage tank, which can guarantee normal production by the company for about seven days; (2) construction of a gas station and an accompanying pipe for the production base in the town of Kiang began in the first half of 2022, with the construction of a gas station and a pipeline.
Ing, the pipeline of natural gas gas sources further enhances the stability and continuity of gas supply: (3) there are vehicles carrying compressed natural gas as a further temporary reserve and supplementation of gas. At the same time, the company has also entered into an emergency purchase agreement with the relevant agencies, which guarantees that the company will have access to emergency natural gas within 2 to 12 hours.
Positively responding to the “double carbon” goal, building the world’s first zero-carbon smart manufacturing base for the fibre optics industry. Companies are actively pursuing green development, with 136 green innovations to date; achieving a combined energy consumption of 36% above industry norms, 21% above industry level, far ahead of industry averages; water resources.
Source-cycle utilization reached 97.7 per cent; distributed photovoltaic projects were promoted to increase the proportion of green energy use, with 104 megawatts of installed capacity and up to 100 million kilowatt hours per year of power generation.
In the installation phase, the accompanying wind power project is being synchronized and it is expected to start in the first quarter of this year. (3) The “manufacturing intelligence” strategy leads to the upgrading of the production line, further reducing unit costs.
Motivating the development of digital technology plus manufacturing technology, deepening the construction of the "Industry Brain+Future Plant" and implementing the "1 platform, 2 unified, n-integration" digital strategy. The upgrading of production lines has led to increasing per capita productivity, with single tons of fibre-optic equivalents falling from 54 in 2014 to 44 in 2022, according to the new version.
According to the Industrial Age, the company’s 150,000-ton smart production line requires only 417 people (about 28 people/tons). The company’s advanced intellectual manufacturing technology has been gradually extended from its headquarters in the town of Kyunsu to Chengdu, Xijiang, Suez, Egypt, and Nanka, United States of America, and the unit labour costs are expected to decrease further as all future bases’ smart manufacturing lines become fully operational.
Chart 18, Smart Manufacturing Plants, Chart 19, Single Ton Probable Producers, is on a downward trend, adhering to the concept of “market first, plant later”, a transnational business model “inside and out of supply”.
At present, companies have established production-based and marketing networks in 14 countries and regions around the world, with a better distribution network. They have five major production bases in the cities of Kiryu, Jiangxi, Chengdu, Egypt, and the United States.
In 2023, Egypt’s annual production line of 120,000 tons was fully achieved, and the annual production line of 80,000 tons was activated by cold modification, which will further enhance the size and competitiveness of the Egyptian base.
2.2 Higher end product performance is constantly improving, structural upgrading opens up a second growth curve, autonomous development of e7, e8 and e9 high performance fibres, compared to traditional e-glass, with significant improvements in physical performance, electrical performance, mechanical performance, corrosion resistance, energy conservation and environmental protection. e8 fibres are successfully applied at sea.
Up to 126 metres of wind blades and up to 216 metres of land diameter, and more than 100 gpa in e9 fibres, are at the top of the world and are now producing pool kilns. It is hoped that new applications, such as photovoltaic frames, will provide additional quantities for companies.
A relatively superior anti-salt mist and insulation in relation to the traditional metal border and general compound border, with a lower and more stable cost advantage. The static view is that a single photovolt frame is replaced by aluminium with a fibre-optic compound, which is expected to drop by about 10-15%. According to the Chinese Stone Proclamation, the fibre of a 1gw light-volt border is made by the fibre of the prevailing technology.
With a volume of close to 4,000 tons, and in line with the trend in the global photovoltaic market over the next five years, the photovoltage border area will have a theoretical market demand of 1 million tons. As the penetration of the fibre-combined material border rises, it is expected to effectively lift the new demand for the bobble.
Expanding electronic fabrics, upgrading product structures, and building a second growth curve. In recent years, the share of company electronics has been rising, with the company electronics veil and electronics in the first three quarters of 2023 receiving $1,869 million, representing a share of operating income.
16.64%. Currently, the company ' s electronic fabric model is mainly 7628, which is a thick cloth in the electronic fabric; according to the network of officials, the company ' s electronic fabric products also include 1080, 2116, 1078 sheets, 106, 1067 etc. The successful launch of the third electronic fabric production line at the Quantico headquarters in 2022 marked the achievement of the stone.
Tens of tons of electronic gauze with 160 million metres of electronic fabric production cold-renovation projects completed, and the company has 960 million metres of electronic fabric available. According to the long-term plan, the Great Stone Electronics will continue to expand, depending on the market situation, and the city’s share is expected to increase further.
China’s giant rock, a leading global bobby firm, has significant cost and size advantages, although it is currently weak downstream demand, short-term pressure on company performance, but the current profit environment is also helping to steer the industry toward new productive capacity.
On the one hand, firms actively adjust their product structure to speed up industrial transformation, and on the other hand, limit production costs to the extreme. Moreover, firms have a better distribution network at the global level, with a “inside and out” model of transnational operations that can effectively reduce tariff costs and increase product competition.
Core assumptions: (1) Alkaline fibres and products: In terms of prices, companies have issued price increases in recent days, in respect of the product won/tonne (the contract concluded is still under the original contract), and other fibres have increased, roughly the same scale as the company. In the short term, the current price increases are strategic adjustments, and the downstream demand is still weak and the bar price is still weak.
With sales of 24,814 tons, an increase of 17.59 per cent over the previous year, the company is now actively expanding the new application of fibres, including the PV frame, and is expected to continue to grow in double digits; with regard to the Māori rate, the company has always focused on reducing the volume, and with the recovery of downstream demand in the long term, the company ' s crude Māori ratio is expected to stabilize.
(2) On the price side, there are clear signs of a recovery of downstream electronic fabrics, a low level of enterprise inventories and no new electronic fabric capacity this year. The price of electronic fabrics is expected to rebound, with a Māori rate of 100 million metres and a 14-year period of electronic fabric expansion, with a significant increase in electronic distribution following the release of productive capacity.
(3) the risk of rising prices for raw materials; (4) the risk of increased competition in the industry; and the independent and objective presentation of this report using information of legal compliance, the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.