A slight increase of 0.89 pct, net interest rate of 38.77 per cent, compared to 2.71 pct. The 24q2 quarter realized operating income of $7,461 million, an increase of 33.34 per cent and a net return to the mother of $3,204 million, compared to the same increase.
Hydropower, photovoltaic, power generation, and average Internet access prices have remained stable. 24h1 benefits from the increase in the size of new energy loads, water abundance in the triangleright river basins, and company coordination of grids to accelerate water ahead.
The company ' s hydroelectric power generation increased in tandem with the generation of new energy sources, at 44,588 million kWh and 2,107 million kWh respectively, an increase of 8.99 per cent and 189.82 per cent, respectively, for a combined capacity of 46,695 million KWh.
RMB/kWh, 0.28 per cent less than the same year, stable, with a two-fold increase in revenue and return to the mother ' s net profit, mainly from the generation of electricity, delivered by the Toba hydroelectric plant, unit 1, with a rapid increase in the capacity of new energy sources.
The total installed capacity of the Toba hydroelectric plant is 1.4 million kilowatts, with an average planned annual capacity of 6.23 billion kilowatt-hours, and is expected to be fully operational by December of the year. With regard to new energy loadings, 84 new energy projects were to be built in 2024, with an investment of 13,391 million kilowatts and a projected capacity of 3.9 million kilowatts per year.
Quarterly review of the Sichuan marginal contribution of hydropower increased by 160.26 per cent and the rapid growth of new energy installed capacity will further enhance the profitability of the company.
Ratings: Increases in volume, new and asset build-up performance - 2023/10/2026 shareholder returns plan, with annual cash distribution of profits of not less than the available share realized in that year fourth in the electricity company clock, with a steady increase in dividends. In addition, company generators, power switching, etc.
It is recommended that, in the future, the corporate profit margin will be further expanded as the hydropower fleet completes its depreciation, and that the company maintain a “prudentially recommended” rating, taking into account the steady upturn in its performance.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.