The company's review report  the flavour fermentation  29/08/2023 Internal adjustment changes, with "mass" ahead of "mass"
The seafood industry (603288) - semi-annual review in 2023.
Mainly, the current structural challenge of basic spices at both the demand and the channel ends is greater, with the two-quarterly slowdown in macro-demand recovery further delaying the recovery of end-to-end sales and channel confidence. At this critical time, companies have taken the initiative to restructure their product groups and customers.
The first task is to reduce stocks and repair channels and to abandon short-term benefits in order to achieve long-term positive growth, so that “quality” in the next phase is more important than “mass”. Sub-products, $30.2 billion (-9.7 per cent) in soy sauce, $580 million (-4.9 per cent) in sauce sauce and $1.03 billion in alfon oil.
The net interest rate of 23q2 fell slightly over the same period. The Māori rate: 34.7%, compared to 0.1 pcts, was largely due to the increase in the share of aphid oil and flavour sauce, which had a lower Māori rate. In fact, the price of raw materials dropped in the second quarter, some easing the cost pressure while the public
The Division continues to optimize supply chain synergies, production and marketing efficiency to effectively exploit its business potential. The sales cost rate is 5.6 per cent for 23q2 and +0.9 pcts, mainly due to the tightening of competitive margins in the industry in the context of a weak recovery at the macro level, and the firm ' s increased down-line cost investment helps to deconstruct channel inventories and boost end-marketing.
In addition, the company has introduced several new products at end c, which will require some cost support in the period ahead.
The speed of the upswing has increased, the pre-period inventory has been de-established over two quarters, and the low base at the end of the statements has fallen on the same basis as the price of the package, but since July, the price of hot soybeans from overseas has risen, and the structural volatility of costs has continued to be closely monitored.
The recovery of the situation and the system of channels has been accompanied by attention at the end of the product to health-oriented spices and fat products, such as specialty prefabricated foods, re-salts, organic and low-sugar low-salts, etc. The “recommended” rating is maintained in view of the company’s long-term competitiveness as a taster head.
The 22-year and 23-year-old editions of the daily seafood industry have been evaluated as: active control of goods, focusing on improved marketing.
I have committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.