Sea weather industry (603288.sh) Short-term profit decline, 30/08/2023, with long-term interest in corporate development
In mid-2023, the seafood industry announced a total of 12.27 billion yuan, or 4.2 per cent less; a net return of 3.10 billion yuan, or 8.8 per cent less than that of the same year; a net return of 5.98 billion yuan, or 5.3 per cent less than that of the same year, for 2023q2; and a net presence, with companies increasing their competitive power, with a still expanding share of the market for the development of multiple products and platforms.
Quality. We keep the “buy-in” rating for the future of the sea in long cycles. Industry recovers weakly, and the pressure on the harvest continues to fall by 5.3% in the second quarter of the seafood industry, which is also expected in the market.
The first was the high base at the end of the second quarter of 2022; the second was the weak recovery in industry and the low demand for spices. Corporate pressure increased, with 46 per cent of the entire year of work completed in the first half of the year, and channel stock levels remained constant for about three months.
Regionally, the Western market base is low, with a positive growth rate of 2.2%, and the North market is falling, reflecting the company’s business approach of increasing cooperation among large players. Companies have gradually laid out their industrial channels, looking for incremental cost increases, and net interest rates have declined.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that the growth rate in the second half of the year may accelerate, and that the net gain may exceed the rate of positive change in response to pressures, taking into account the low base and the fact that the market is still recovering.
In the context of the current weak recovery in the industry and the high-channel stock and low profit margins facing sea weather, the company stock continues to build up, external pressure continues, looking forward to a recovery in consumption — the public is desperate to change, on the one hand, by accelerating industrial customer development and finding new growth points; and on the other hand, by accelerating the deployment of new retail channels.
At the same time, the traditional channels are being adjusted. The product breaks down the track, and the zero-added sauce in the new product has been laid.
“Accelerated growth in performance in the second quarter, positive adjustment, etc., future development of the sea sky, ongoing recommendations, pending the recovery of a corporate information update report”