The seafood industry (603288) 23q2 sub-species boosted the growth rate, with the overall increase being slightly lower than expected. Sub-species, with the decline in soy sauce oils, we believe, are mainly due to increased corporate control over dealers’ stocks, and
The recovery in end demand is slower. Other items, such as vinegar and alcohol, continue to be released, boosting the overall growth rate.
Looking back to pre-epidemiological levels. Looking at 23h2, at a low base, as dealers ' inventories are gradually adjusted and companies expand at an accelerated pace in the categories of vinegar, alcohol and remodelling, we believe that the end-end ring ratio is a risk factor: higher prices of raw materials are expected; increased competition in the industry; and risks to food security.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Securities form a food and beverage team, whose members are predominantly senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wei-hyun, Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the White Liquor industry, 13 years, first-line sales in the Chinese, Dukang, and Shelde liquor industries.
At the lower- and middle-end prices, there are practical exercises, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially the analysis of sub-high-end competition patterns. Tang Jing, Bachelor of Arts, Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience, right.
High-end white wine has its own insights. It's good at shaping the future market strategy of the alcohol industry based on available data and market moves.
CHO-Rae. Master of Food Science, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States.
Queer, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University.
Chiu Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in first-time housing companies, they are good at exploiting upstream and downstream development opportunities from an industry perspective. Joined the National Team in 2021, covering mainly white wine plates.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (in depth, in Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and the beverages (in depth, in farmers’ springs). The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.