The seafood industry (603288) food and beverages, with short-term income pressure, wait for basic improvements to be made to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• High base disturbance, short-term revenue pressure. For sub-products, 23h1 company soy sauce/false sauce/veal oil/other products, mainly due to the lack of recovery of the catering end since q2 and the build-up of the epidemic during the same period last year, except for the western region, where positive growth has been maintained, revenue from other sales areas has declined, with 23q2 east/southern.
Distributors structure, investing in the development of high-quality firms, with a net decrease of 416 to 6756 * cost-side pressures and good cost control performance. 23H1 Māori is 35.9% and downside helps companies to ease cost-end pressures, but the impact of scale decreases and the ratio of high Māori sauce products is on the rise.
On the cost side, the company actively controls the public announcement, and the advertising fee for 23q2 fell by 21 to 149 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, but q2 sales were under pressure from the parent pressure, resulting in a similar short-term performance and a long-term robust growth period. On the product side, the company was maintaining soy sauce, aphid oil, and so on.
On the basis of the three core business lines of sauce, new products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc., continue to be active, with the advantage of savvy platforms and channels to boost the city’s presence. At the end of the channel, the company is expected to recover noticeably, thanks to the warming of the demand for meals in the second half of the year; at the same time, at the end, the zero-addition product layout is accelerated and the product structure continuously upgraded; and, at the same time, because
Zero add-ons led to a low base last year, and expected an acceleration in end-C revenue in the second half of the year. As corporate channels continue to be streamlined, overall structural upgrading continues, with long-term robust growth periods.
Sea weather industry (603288): Repeated performance of the epidemic, product channels long-term good (2022-10-29) Sea weather industry (603288): q2 is over-expected.
Assumption 1: in volume, as a result of the continued recovery of the post-epidemic dietary landscape and the recovery of consumer power, while companies are actively expanding: in price, as companies are active in adding zero to the product, add consumer health awareness and consumption up.
Taking into account the position of the industry and the future growth space, this is a selection of brand-new, consistent vinegar, millet, and fine-food products in the taste-rate industry, which are the leading companies in the taste-situation industry, with four comparable companies having an average valuation of 48 times the value in 2023. Given the accelerated recovery in the second half of the year, the seaside b ends are well-established, c-end zero-added products are consistently released and folded.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.