- The deep report from the Penang state cellar is very certain about the growth of the company's performance. The company is a great-sweet-nosed-grandfather with a good genes.
The rationalization of product lines and the introduction of product price adjustments, as well as the establishment of a national branding monopoly model and the successful recruitment process, have led to a higher degree of certainty about the company’s future continued performance. With the new management of the company taking over in July 2015, the company’s business strategy has been adjusted.
To streamline redundant products, tighten up, clean up business brands and bar codes, and define a strategy for focusing on five monolithic products, and for marketing strategies to move from product to branding. 1573 is important and influential in the high-end liquor market as the company’s leading monolith.
Six months of successful round-tripping across the country, promoting a high growth rate of more than 50 per cent in sales of 1573; the future development of the Division of Specialties and cellars, with strong waist support; headlines, double-drawn low-end liquor, adjusted this year to share the huge market in the vast blue sea of low-end wine.
Faced with a tight market supply situation, the price system is expected to continue to move upwards and increase the company’s Māori ratio. The company’s Māori rate in 2014 was only 44%, with the company’s product reform and price system adjusting.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings. The company is a model of strong wine, with high-end and medium-end white wine growing steadily in 2015, out of adjustment, with accelerated growth expected in 2017.
Face-to-face openings" 2017-05-032 and "Silves in Lianzhou (000568), collating price systems, promoting brand company reforms 2015-08-25
3. " The Cedars (000568); Re-establishment of channels, smooth change of management " , 2015-07-02, the source of financial prosperity and prosperity in the East
The old cellar in Xiangzhou (000568). The old cellar is strong and collects $10 billion.
In 2012, as the government overhauled the party, the Prohibition of Alcohol and the Restricted Three Public Consumption became the last straw to crush white alcohol prices. The price of white wine and the rate of increase in production declined significantly, with a combined growth rate of only 5.4% in 2012-2015.
There has been a sharp decline, with the growth rate of operating income in the white wine industry having declined rapidly from 42% in 2011 to 2014 and three years of adjustment, with the replacement of consumption by consumption by personal consumption by consumption, the effect of consumption being phased out and the demand for white wine recovering again. In 2015, the growth rate of operating income and net profits in the white wine industry was both negative.
In 2016, high prices for white wine, such as puppies and five grain fluids, started to raise prices across the white wine industry. In 2016, the white wine industry rose in volume, the white wine industry moved out of the valley, the listed companies grew significantly, and the industry moved into a new recovery phase.
Figure 1: High business income innovation in the white wine industry in 2016
As consumption demand improves and rises in the future, our sales of high-end and sub-high-end white wine are expected to increase significantly, leaving more elastic space of about $900, leaving 400 dollars in price space for the same traditional high-end white wine as the five-food fluids and the Penang cellar.
Figure 3: Structured division of the white wine industry 1.2.1 Upgraded consumption promotes higher-end alcohol prices
The demand side of white wine is divided into three main areas: personal demand, business demand, and government demand. After three public consumption restrictions, the increase in individual consumption of white wine on holidays is even more pronounced.
As the leader of China’s white wine industry, Maotai’s development strategy has guided industry’s development. The demand for high-end alcohol, such as Mao’s, has now shifted from the pre-2012 consumption of the three-principals to the upgrading of personal consumption, and the demand for personal consumption has taken over the original consumption of the three-companies, for which the high-end alcohol industry has developed.
This year, high-end white wines, such as parchments, five grain fluids, and the cellars, show a very high price growth. The Ewley data show that our per capita consumption of alcohol is currently 4.34 litres, above the world’s average of about 3 litres.
High-end white wine of 600 yuan/litre or more is 1.6% in our consumption (2.1% before the 3-public consumption restriction) and sales of 200-600 yuan/litre are 2.4% (3.1% before the 3-public consumption restriction), i.e. 200 yuan/liter.
The old cellar (000568). The old cellar is strong and collects 10 billion dollars of white wine as a share of 4%. The share of high-end vodka in Germany and France is 12.5% and 9.4%, respectively, and the share of high-end alcohol consumption is far higher than in the country, so there is still much room for improvement in the future.
The annual industry adjustment peaked, and the price of the plant was not adjusted, but the prices of the plant were adjusted considerably by the five grain fluids and the old cellars of the state. The price of the plant was adjusted from US$ 999 in 2013 to US$ 560, a decrease of 44%. However, since the industry began warming in 2015, after the industry recovered in 2016, the price of the plant was reduced by US$ 819.
Prices did not rise, and there was a commitment not to raise plant prices by 2017, but prices for a group of prices and terminal prices began to rise in 2015 and the gap between them was gradually narrowing.
1.2.2 Increased consumption of low- and medium-end white wine squeezes the consumption of low- and medium-end white wine. As consumption rises, people who consume low- and medium-end white wine may gradually start to drink better alcohol, which is good quality and brand-valued high-end and sub-high-end white.
This is an increase in demand for low- and medium-end white wine, and there is an imbalance between alcohol producers and a crowding competition. Competition among alcohol producers at different competitive levels can only boost the market in competition if brands and channels are more powerful and can adapt to change.
The recovery of the white industry will certainly increase the concentration of the industry. With increased competition in the industry, large brands of brands and brands of alcohol will become more competitive.
It's a double task of nationalizing the market share and branding the value of the product. By building a well-developed product line, the big liquor company takes up the market's share, on the one hand by nationalizing the netting and, on the other hand, sunk into three or four-line cities under channels in priority areas.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East was the readjustment of the white wine industry in 2012-2015, and in 2013 and 2014 there was a positive growth in the collection of a small number of white wine businesses, such as Maotai and Guai Goon, with a different degree of decline in the harvests and net profits of other major white wine businesses.
After two years of restructuring, the Cemetery has emerged from a two-year process of adjustment due to business strategy deviations. 2.1 Company response to industry crisis bias. 2.1.1 Corporate counter-price recovery strategy has triggered performance slides.
During the restructuring of the industry, the company not only did not lower the price of its products, but instead raised the price of the cellar to 1573, attempting to counter the possible depression caused by the restructuring of the industry by using a high-price route. In order to stabilize market prices, the company repurchased the stock of 1573 domestic customers at a high price of $850 to $900 in 2013 and reduced its planned supply to 1,300 for the year.
Tons, only one-third of production in 2011. This has led to a sharp decline in the volume of sales by the country’s customers, 1573.
A series of problems that have led to a significant increase in marketing costs as a result of the misposition of the features, as well as a significant decline in the performance of other products of the company, have led to a further steep decline in corporate operating income and net profits in 2014, by 48.68 per cent and 72.41 per cent, respectively.
Figure 7: Trench 1573 plant prices and retail price changes 2.1.2 product lines have resulted in a blurring of brand position prior to 2012, with bar-code costs ranging from millions to tens of millions, compared to industry in 2013
After the adjustment period, there was a steep fall in the performance of the cellar, and the company tried to liberalize the market to develop products, with the bar-code fee down to 300,000 yuan per year. The old cellar in Chenzhou was responsible for producing the relevant bar-coded products, and the distributor was responsible for packaging the products and marketing the markets, with a view to increasing the share of market sales.
The names include Suzhou Fook, Old Man State Liquor Tianxin, Tangang, Orient Pearl, Rui Pil, Orient Pearl, Clear River Valley, etc. The complex of product lines and a large number of low-end brands have led to a severe loss of control over the medium- and low-end wine channel of 2.1.3 Springs.
In 2009, the company introduced the Quantuan model to manage teams, distribution clients and their management of the old Quanzhou Channel.
Teams are based on contracts to further reach out to salesmen and more dealers. Companies are pursuing equity reforms, creating channels, alliances with career managers, etc., that seek to minimize conflicts of interest between company shareholders and the executive level in order to maximize common interests.
Fig. 8: Although the spring model has given rise to a great deal of curiosity within and outside the industry, the appearance of innovation hides some of the development flaws of the model. First, financial control is inadequate because old people in the state do not participate in the stock springs.
In addition, the low cost of entering the company and the short-term interest of the distributors in choosing not to promote the market and selling it at lower prices could interfere with the branding of the company’s products and the image of the market. In the spring model, there is an imbalance between the interests of the equity distributors and those of the non-equity distributors, which in some ways affects the motivation of the distributors.
The new management came into office in 2015, with companies facing multiple difficulties in terms of product availability, productivity, market fragmentation, and so on. The company began a full-scale process of change, pushing ahead with the construction of brands, markets, organizational structures, etc.
In July 2015, the 46-year-old Liu Xing and the 42-year-old Limfeng Group took over the company as its Chairman and General Manager, respectively, and began taking over the company.
Manager, Assistant Director-General and Deputy Director-General of Cedars Ltd.
The two main leaders are trained in many leadership positions, have excellent marketing experience and strategic vision, and the entire new management team is young, highly educated and integrated.
2.2.2 Streamlining of product lines and identification of five singles strategies In July 2015, senior clients began to streamline redundant products, tighten up and clean up business brands and bar codes. “Lindness” is specifically targeted at two types of brand development, one with the words “Silent cellars” and a factory price below $20.
Development products: the second is a single product with annual sales of less than $500,000. The number of frozen bar codes and bar codes has gradually declined from more than 8,700 to more than 430 in the first half of 2017; a low-end alcohol product has been phased out, existing stocks have been cleaned up and consolidated.
The company has a clear definition of the five monoliths.
Two sets of low-grade wine and shares the big market for the big blue sea. The old guest's product matches the middle-high, the east's source of wealth and prosperity.
The market situation, where the number of alcohol consumers is increasing, is going to be very high. It's going to be 1573, it's going to be a real mid-end cellar age and a special, it's going to be a big low-end head and duo.
Figure 9: Five unidirectional strategies: 2.2.3 Transforming from product to brand business strategies: due to changes in industry markets, firms adopt market competitive strategies, organizational systems, product strategies, scale strategies
The system of operations has been restructured to stop the previous Quantities model, to create three major brand companies, namely, the country’s guests, the age of the guests, and the specials, and to switch the marketing strategy from a product to a brand of products. The Quantities model has greater control over channel terminals and more use of company stickers than the Quans model.
Near markets, meeting the needs of different consumers in a timely manner, and providing differentiated products and services. Regional systems have been transformed into branded public divisions, making it more visible that companies operate brands, and that the core of consumer services varies between product salesmen at different prices, with differentiation and specialization, increasing team efficiency.
Each of the five monolithic faculties has a dedicated team operating with equal resources. The marketing structure of the “Four Three Lines One Centre” has been constructed, and the country's “Seven Great Marketing Centres” have been set up to ensure that marketing decisions, command, supervision and coordination are carried out in an orderly and integrated manner.
More than 6,700 people, now about 8,000 salesmen. But the expansion of the team started gradually, and the annual growth rate of the staff was lower than the growth rate of sales and profits, so it would have had little impact on the company’s profit level.
2.3 The company ' s profitability has continued to pick up, and its performance has begun to recover. In 2015, the growth rate of both the harvest and the net non-repatriation profit has been reversed by a negative increase of 28.9 per cent and the net non-repatriation gain of the company has declined significantly in 2013 and 2014 compared to the low- and five-food fluids, respectively.
Less than five grain fluids and huts, but with adjustments, the company ' s net non-return rate of gain in 2015 was higher than the puppies and five grain fluids, and has been in the lead. So, regardless of the significant increase in profitability from the company ' s own and historical situation, it is growing more rapidly than the same industry ' s first line of white wine.
Figure 12: Changes in recent harvests and profit growth in the old cellars of the province of Kyushu, Figure 13: Comparison of changes in net profit from non-repatriation in recent years (%) Sources of financial and intellectual growth in the east
The old cellar is of great quality as a traditional strong white wine. In the five years since the establishment of the new China, the old Xingzhou wine contest is the only strong white wine brand with the title of five Chinese wines.
In 2016, the company produced about 200 documents to adjust its business strategy, which are already beginning to show results and which are needed at this stage.
Keep it up. With a good rosy nose gene and a timely adjustment of business thinking by company management, the cellar is moving out of the adjustment period and is ready to go. 3.1 The prices of the main products have risen and the Māori rate has recovered rapidly.
3.1.11573 The rise of the single head, the strong support of the cellar ' s age loins, the assessment and reprogramming of the arts and processes, and the current design for a major breakthrough in future production and production capacity and production technology, so future production capacity is safe.
The price is stable and the price ceiling is opened, enough room is left for the sub-high. The second-end performance of the first half of this year, such as wine, drunkards, medals and wells, is very bright, as well as that of the nation-wide old farts, and the second-high-end white wine as an old-timer.
As the company’s old word for nationalization, the brand remodeling was undertaken, and the saloons formed a stable 30-, 60- and 90-year-old system by adjusting the price system and combing channels. And the two whites opened up the price belts, avoiding internal competition. With future consumption upgrading and corporate nationalization advantages, using specialized marketing teams.
The low-barrel and binocular adjustments are largely over. The company's low-barrel and duo have declined significantly over the last few years, and it is expected that the adjustment will be largely over this year and that it will depend on the stability of the public consumption market in the future.
Faced with a shortage of market supplies, three major monoliths were frequently raised. During the spring sugar period in March 2017, the cellar price was increased from $620 to $680, and the price was raised to $740 in July, 810 out of schedule, and the final price was increased from $680 to $899: about $50 per bottle of the special 52: the wine of the cellar was also reduced frequently.
The strategic choice in the cellar is to raise the price of unplanned and low alcohol, to promote the plan's borrowing, then plan the plan to raise the price, and then to adjust the plan and the out-of-plan ratio according to local sales, thus completing the price increase.
The three main items of the cellar, 1573, specials and cellar age, are the company ' s main medium- and high-end ones, the low-rate alcohol is high and the business income is about 70 per cent of the company ' s total income, so the three items are priced and the company ' s Maori rate is gradually moving out of the adjustment period and starting to recover.
q1 Māori rose rapidly, at 58 per cent and 68 per cent, respectively, exceeding the River Ocean, and also largely in line with the Māori rate of the five grains.
Starting in August 2015, the company has made great efforts to clean up the product structure, establish a product structure strategy for large monolithic products in terms of marketing strategies, and take measures such as bar code clean-up, product classification management, product brand vertical line management, etc. to ensure that large monolithic strategies are effectively landed.
By 2017, the company had restored the pre-2012 main distribution areas and consumers, and after 2017 it had mainly developed new customers and new areas. The marketing channels were one of the most important tasks of the marketing system in 2017.
By June 2017, the country had a good round of calls, with clients growing by about 35% over six months, especially with regard to the market gap, the introduction of dealers in vulnerable markets. In the future, the old cellars will continue to pursue a major monolithic product strategy and a product-focused marketing development strategy based on product characteristics and regional market conditions.
The general marketing model, which is tailored to a variety of products and regional markets, has been maintained to achieve a win-win situation between old Chinese customers, distributors and consumers.
The company has obtained a certificate from the CVM in private, which proposes to finance 3 billion yuan, which will be invested in a fully engineered wine-making project (a phase of the project). When the technology is completed, the company will build 7000 silos for the production of high-quality bikinis, resulting in an annual production of 100,000 tons of high-quality bikinis, 100,000 tons of trajectories, and 300,000 tons of storage capacity.
Instead, the company’s existing product structure is further optimized, and the company’s market share in the medium-to-high-end area of white wine is increased, thereby increasing the overall efficiency of the company. The Wine Engineering and Technology Development Project is a priority project for the company’s 13th Five-Five Planning Project and a strategic objective for the company to achieve the 13th Five-Five.
It is also possible to significantly increase the net asset size and financial strength of the company and to lay the foundation for the company’s subsequent investment in phase II engineering, marketing network construction, e-commerce construction, and the introduction of talent.
Corporate profitability will be further enhanced, thereby maximizing shareholder benefits. 3.4 countries have changed their policies to support the introduction of mixed ownership reforms, equity incentives, employee ownership and mergers and acquisitions by the State and related sectors.
A series of policies have encouraged reforms in state-owned enterprises. Large shareholders have also been highly positive about the company’s two-year reform effort, and companies will also be considering reforms in the above areas, not excluding future changes in the company’s mix, equity incentives, and employee-share schemes.
Internal constraints are more effective and market-based incentives for enterprise management and employees are used to improve corporate profitability forecasting and valuation Sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East
We choose the relative valuation method to value the company, and we choose the comparable company to come from the white wine industry. Comparable company averages 30.42 x, 27.61 per cent in 2017, and 22.47 per cent per 2017. Consider the significant increase in state customers ' 1573, cellar age and special sales in 2017 will result in a significant increase in performance, with product prices raised.
The promotion will increase the company ' s Māori ratio, gradually replace the backward capacity when the fund-raising project is completed, and further optimize the company, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth, the company ' s full product line, with five major monoliths covering low-end high-school products.
Growth has led to a rapid increase in corporate revenue; the middle-end white wine cellar age and specials have been sufficiently motivated to provide strong support for the company’s future development, with frequent price increases raising the company’s Māori ratio; low-end product adjustments have been largely completed, covering the public market. Companies are set to increase and support long-term growth in corporate skills.
The risks of food safety, the risks of white wine industry policy, the risks of less than the expected growth in performance, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the old cellar in the state of Yu, 000568: the old cellar is strong and collects 10 billion dollars.
Master ' s degree in accounting for Eastern financial and intellectual booms. In 2008, the acceding countries became involved in research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in Anshin securities, in food and beverages, in 2013 in East Hing securities, in food and beverages, and in nine years in food and beverages.
In 2015, he joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.