The Indonesian project reached production, and competition from abroad was highlighted. Events: The company released a message on January 30, 2023, on the Wei Weibo public, the Treasure Software acceptance of the Treasure Software (600845.sh).
In the recent past, Indonesia’s stainless steel chiller team has been able to move smoothly into the full process and produce the first volume of steel. Going out to sea opens up long-term growth space, attesting to the global competitive power of intelligent manufacturing.
New records have been created on the size of stainless steel lines, including heat-acid pyrotechnic washes, five successive rollers, cold acid pyrotechnics, flattening of all cold rollers, with a total annual output of 700,000 tons. The project is more than double the conventional cold roller team leader, and the system is more complex, with long production lines causing stability and malfunctioning of the equipment.
More demanding is the removal of speed, etc. By using a combination of information technology, industrial Internet, automation, etc., bountiful software, a customized chain of command was developed for the project, which helped to move, automate, automate and pass through the project.
Process management, smart equipment design, supply, integration, and debugging functions. The company’s intelligent manufacturing business opens up a new growth space for the company, and once again attests to the company’s global competitiveness for the country’s scarce high-end industrial software & smart manufacturing enterprise, the firm’s high-end trust.
Chiang Ying, industrial Internet platforms, informationization, cloud computing, etc. are all entering a new growth cycle, long-term, large-scale plc industrial software at its core, enabling the full development of high-end automated operations
High-end automation is a strategic priority for companies in the future. Companies are scarcely home-grown firms that introduce large autonomous plc control systems, have strong, integrated competition for hardware and software in the area of high-end automation, and the “three core growth logics” help to open up vast development space for corporate automation.
Automated industrial software for type plc is at the core, actively expanding robotics (with the Treasure Letter autonomously developed by the Treasure Software Insight Report: from three pre-plcs, Scada industrial software, etc.) with the ability to move to large dcs
The time difference interprets the long-term certainty (dcs=plc+scada) of the new capital pole control system, which continues to extend the automated boundary and is expected to grow into an all-economy leader in the country.
The Bosin Software Depth Report: The Power of the Nation, the High-end Smart Maker, Hand-over of Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
The three core growth logics of corporate automation are: 1) product sequence expansion: the company will be going from large plc to large plc in the future.
(b) Increment + stock replacement logic: the two-carbon age + national production replacement scenario, where the process-based industry, represented by the steel industry, is “necessary + capable” to invest heavily in smart manufacturing of capital spending;
Large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new stock replacement cycle; automated products are more standardized, with full potential for expansion across industry; and) the Māori rate rise logic: the higher Māori ratio of automated products is expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
\triangleright attaches great importance to the development of the industrial Internet, the autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform Xin3plat and the artificial intelligence center, etc., and the layout of the industrial Internet, while opening up new growth curves for the company, is expected to enhance the corporate intelligence manufacturing core.
Competitiveness. In the two-carbon age, the high-energy-consuming processes, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals and chemicals, face the urgent need for “reduce, efficiency, lift”, and the intelligent manufacturing of new technologies, represented by the industrial Internet, will play a central role. The process industry is “capable + demand” for capital to drive industrial Internet development.
Internet platforms, as the core base and building blocks of the digital economy, continue to be strongly supported by national policies. Corporate industries. Internet platforms xin3plat, which for the third consecutive year continue to enter the “two-way” platform of the Department of Craft, steadily increasing their rankings, opening up new growth paths for future development. In the long run, automated products such as plc have been clouded, while industrial Internet platforms are becoming more powerful.
With the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BW, the information business has a huge space to develop.
\triangleright, backed up by the BMW platform, multiplied by a strategic wind of intellectual transformation, is the company's keystone, intellectual core of the BMW Group's “one-base-five” strategy, accompanied by the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW, and the space for information development. The company can do it from Lo.
In the context of "double limits" and "double controls" for the development of the steel industry, the State has proposed "big efforts to develop intelligent manufacturing", "accelerating mergers and restructuring", "banning new steel production" and so on.
The BMW Group, as the largest steel group in the world, has accelerated its M & As restructuring, significantly raising the demand for corporate smart manufacturing operations from the four dimensions of “Renewing Information Systems + Industrial Internet Platforms + Automated Control System Adaptation and New Demand + Cloud Computation Deployment Requirements.” The company’s traditional software business has also expanded beyond the BMW Group.
Iron and steel companies, as well as the non-steel sector, have great potential for future growth. idc supply and demand patterns have evolved well, and corporate idc operations are entering a new cycle \triangleright
Short-term supply and demand patterns in the idc sector have evolved well, and companies will benefit from a wholesale idc tap, while the idc industry will enter a new release cycle with promise of a profit + valuation double-click on Davis. In the short term, the state has become more restrictive about energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, etc., with a large number of old, non-compliant rooms being shut down, and demand going to the core area on a large scale & greenidc
In the long run, demand in the idc sector will continue to grow as new applications break out. The "Resources+Industrial Software Capabilities" combined give companies the unique ability to do their business.
Since 2021, some of the new project cabinets have been put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Good management and market-based incentives will guarantee long-term viability.
\triangleright has an excellent management and market-based incentive that gives the company sufficient dynamism and motivation. \The Department, as an executive, has extensive management experience, flexible management systems, and a market-based internal appraisal system.
Market-based incentive programmes, with three equity incentives issued by companies in 2017, 2020 and 2022, have a wide range of incentives, covering company management, technical cadres, business cadres and so on, have demonstrated firm corporate management confidence in the long-term development of the future, while also promising to motivate staff to fully release the dynamism of the company.
\triangleright Treasure Software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intelligent manufacturing.
We expect public idc to be built less than expected, the BMW to be restructured and bought less than expected, and the 5g to be developed less than expected.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.