Event: The company issued an announcement on 14 March 2023 approving the company and Dandong Eastern Treasure Survey software (600845.sh)
Co-financed by Control Technologies Ltd. (“Oriental Surveillance”) to establish the Shanghai Bosin Mining Intelligence Ltd. (tentative name, eventually subject to business registration, or “Poor Intelligence”), which concentrates on intelligent mining operations and is expected to consolidate the company's high-end automation operations.
\triangleright's smart register capital is RMB 15 million, with companies contributing RMB 82.5 million, or 55%; Eastern surveillance funds 67.5 million, or 45%.
Achieving the dehumanization and dehumanization of mines, significantly raising the level of safety of mining production, achieving high-efficiency and high-quality production, helping clients move from “labour-intensive” to “technology-intensive” and ultimately to a full digital transformation of existing enterprises.
The company is the country's scarce major plc automated industrial software provider, and high-end automated operations with large plc, scada, robotics, etc., are expected to be the brightest plates for the company to grow in the future. The company's high-end automation, industrial Internet platforms, informationization, cloud computing, etc.
In the new cycle of growth, there's plenty of room for growth, long-term prospects for companies to move to a profitable and valued David, with the large-scale plc industrial software at its core, enabling high-end automated business to develop across the board.
\triangleright High-end automation is a key strategic direction for the future of companies, which are scarcely home-grown, large-scale, autonomous nrc control systems with strong integrated hardware and software competition in the area of high-end automation
Power, the "Three Core Growth Logics" opens up a wide range of development possibilities for automating the company's operations.
Automated products such as plc, scada industrial software with the ability to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital pole (dcs=plc+scada) control system to large dcs period differentials to continuously extend the automated boundary
Values: 2021.1.30. Growing up to become a leader in total ecological automation in the country.
I'm not sure what you're going to do, but I'm not going to do it.
The three core growth logics of corporate automation are: 1) product sequence expansion: the company will sink from large plcs to large plcs in mid-town, with high-school end plc lines, and deepen the layout of automated products like robotics, scada industrial software, etc.
Capability to expand to dcs and dcs control systems; 2) incremental + stock replacement logic: process-based industries, represented by the steel industry, are “necessary + capable” to invest heavily in capital expenditure layout intelligent manufacturing; large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new stock replacement cycle; automated products are more standardized and expanded across industries
Zhang has full potential; 3) the Māori uplifting logic: Automated products have a higher Māori ratio and are expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability. Industrial Internet platforms are thick and thin, and intellectually built cloud fundamentals \triangleright \triangleright
The company attaches great importance to the development of the industrial Internet, which, on the one hand, opens up a new curve for the company to grow, and on the other hand it is expected to increase the core competitiveness of the company’s intelligent manufacturing. In a two-carbon age, the high-energy processes, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals, and chemicals, face a “reduce, drop,”
The urgent need for efficiency gains, better quality, and the intelligent manufacturing of new technologies, represented by the industrial Internet, will play a central role. The process industry's “capable + demand” capital spending will drive industrial Internet development; the country's strong promotion of the digital economy. The Internet platform, as the core base and component of the digital economy, will continue to be strongly supported by national policies, and the corporate industry will continue to be strongly supported by national policies.
For the third year in a row, the Internet platform xin3plat has been on a “two-way” platform of the Panchayat, with a steady increase in ranking, opening up new growth paths for future development: in the long run, the clouding of automated products such as plc has become a major trend, while the industrial Internet platform is the foundation for the clouding of dynamic products, solid roots for the building of automated clouds, and the clouding of plc is expected to help the company to make the leap.
With the intellectual transformation of millions of tons of BMW, there is a huge space for information-based business development \triangleright \
Back on the BMW platform, it's a strategic wind of intellectual transformation, and the company acts as the cornerstone of information and intelligent manufacturing in the BMW Group's “one-base-five-dollar” strategy, accompanying the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW and the spatial development of information. The company is an industrial software company that can be done from lo to l5. The information products include mes, bi, wms, mom, and so on.
In the context of “double limits” and “double controls”, the State has imposed requirements for the development of the steel industry, such as “a major effort to develop intelligent manufacturing”, “accelerating the promotion of merger restructuring”, and “a strong ban on new iron and steel production capabilities”, and the BMW Group, the largest steel group in the world, has accelerated its M & A restructuring, which will begin to replace the “information systems”
The need for corporate smart manufacturing has been greatly raised by the four dimensions of the deep layout of industrial Internet platforms + Automated Control System (ACS) adaptations and new requirements + Cloud computing deployment requirements.” Corporate traditional software business has also expanded to steel businesses outside of the Treasure Group, as well as to non-steel sectors, and there is much room for future growth.
\triangleright Short-term supply and demand patterns in the \triangleright industry have evolved well, and companies will benefit at the core as wholesale idc taps while the idc industry
In the short term, the country's tight controls on energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, and the banning of a large number of old, non-compliant rooms, and the large-scale demand tilted to the core & greenidc, making the competitive edge of the dominant idc tap stronger and, in the long run, the demand of the idc industry will burst with new applications.
And it continues to grow. Together with the company idc's unique ability to do business, the company began to launch a five-phase project to promote Xinhua Xinhua + Xinhua Xinhua Xianghua, with a total of over 50,000 standard hangars. If we don't consider other new housing projects, it will already be 1.7 times more than in the previous round.
Some of the project cabinets have already been put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Good management and market-based incentives to secure long-term development \triangleright
Companies have excellent management and market-based incentives that give them sufficient dynamism and motivation to develop. As an executive, management team managers have extensive experience, flexible management systems, and internal appraisal systems are marketed, and market-based incentives have been introduced on several occasions. In 2017, 2020, and 2022, companies issued three equity incentives to cover them.
A wide range of corporate management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., underscores the firm confidence of corporate management in the long-term development of the future, while at the same time it is expected to motivate staff to fully release the dynamism of the company. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
Treasure letter software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intelligent manufacturing, track, which is the scarcest enterprise in the country that has made a breakthrough in the field of high-end automated industrial software, is the country's most complete product sequence, leads in high-end intelligent manufacturing, has a mission of high-end intelligence to create alternatives to national production, and has great potential for long-term growth.
In January 2021, Idc built and acquired less than expected, BMW restructured and purchased less than expected, and 5g developed less than expected. In January 2021, I joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to cover the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, Ishiyote, a communications research assistant, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, English language level VIII. I worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation mri research centre.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering such areas as networking, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guangyi, a member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University, condensed physics. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a portfolio of securities investment consulting operations approved by the China CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.