Treasure letter software (60845), stock incentive program down, long-term sustained growth - Treasure letter software (600845.sh) event review
Issuance of the third draft restricted stock plan, with no more than 860 incentives for the first time, which is intended to grant the incentive target up to 30 million restricted shares, approximately the market value of the plan's announcement date (million dollars):
Incentives do not exceed 860 persons, including: directors of companies, senior managers, mid-level managers, core technical, business, etc. core personnel.
The performance test conditions are scientifically sound and demonstrate confidence in sustained growth over the long term.
The annual report assesses the steady progress of the main business and the layout of the steel and steel "Industry has no less than 90% of the annual net profit cash content.
The total cost is estimated to be approximately $5,586.3 million, and this cost will be evaluated during the plan ' s end-of-sale, release-of-sale period.
According to the State Council's Network of State Finance Officials, in December 2022, China's Bo Wu Steel Group Ltd. and China Steel Group Ltd. were restructured and China Steel Group Ltd. were included in China's Bo Wu Company Ltd.
The company's ultimate controlling party is China's BMW Steel Group Limited. According to the company's annual report for 2021, the top five related transactions were: horse and steel shares, steel and steel shares.
Chanjiang steel, Bo and Meishan steel are all Chinese companies under the banner of Bo Wu. For a long time, companies have continued to provide IT services to intra-group companies, and this restructuring is expected to bring new business growth to the company.
The company has been working for years in industrial manufacturing and has continued to increase its efforts in high-tech research and development, with new growth of the idc machine house being built at a slower pace than expected: steel industry integration and a less-than-expected view: industry Internet operations are not growing as expected; and plc products are not being promoted as expected.
Fig. 1: The author of the Bosin software for the last three years, pe-band, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.