The company achieved revenue of 890 million yuan in the first quarter of 2023, while the income from the desktop communications terminal continued to grow rapidly in 2022 and the industry was strong in its leadership position.
Since the beginning of the year, the market has maintained the highest level of city ownership, with 38.2 per cent in 2021. Given the expansion of companies in high-end categories, there is still room for improvement, and a steady growth in future desktop communications terminals, represented by the phone, is expected to continue.
The growing class of conference products, commercial headphones, promotes firm growth in the long term. Outside the phone market, companies have made early deployments of new growth curves, conference products, and cloud office terminals.
In 2022, the company collected $1.3 billion, or +42.3 per cent, of its conference products; the cloud office terminal, the business line layout, 2019, and the bh7x series of commercial bluetooth headphones, 2022.
The high-end audio market has created a full business earling product line. In 2022, the company generated $360 million in office terminals, an increase of 63.4 per cent.
The number of R & D personnel increased by 21.8 per cent compared to the total number of companies. The number of R & D personnel increased by 21.8 per cent compared to the number of companies.
50.4% in each area, firms build up technology through autonomous R & D, creating a comparative competitive advantage for companies from the perspective of R & D, and building a technology moat for companies.
Figure 1: BFW operating income and growth (in millions, per cent) BFW operating income and growth (in millions, per cent) BFW operating income and growth (in millions, per cent) BFW net profit return and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost rates for the single season of telecommunications, figure 5: Māori rates, net interest rate changes in the single quarter of the BJN, figure 8: GWL inventory and quarterly changes (millions)
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Given the high growth in 2022, which led to the return of stocks, we expect the company to remain stable over the next three years, with a strong niche in the sip phone industry, high-end market penetration and rising city occupancy rates.
Conference products: In the broader context of the digital transformation of the enterprise, the penetration of the conference rooms by the conference products industry has continued to increase in the context of changes in staff working habits (increasing collaboration online). In the context of ongoing industry development, the full range of solutions for corporate meeting products and the new new products that are being added to the list of collaborative flats are expected to increase.
Promoting rapid business growth. Income growth is expected to be 45/46/44% over the next three years, Māori Cloud Office Terminal: in 2022, the company completed the release of Bluetooth Headphones products, making the product matrix of the cloud office terminal largely perfect, superimplementing the continuous optimization of the pipeline by the follow-up company, and the cloud office terminal is expected to be collected over the next three years.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject