Questioning corporate brands for profit restoration, enhancing investment for improved operations.
Incidents: On 30 October, Cyrus released the third quarter report for 2024. $2.325 billion in net non-mortality profits and lost profits. Companies achieved a total operating income of $10.667 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 53.924 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers was realized.
$4.038 billion, resulting in a net profit of $3.763 billion not attributable to the mother.
X, which meets the multi-dimensional choices of different users in terms of appearance, space, etc., is more competitive in high-end vehicles, which are produced in the country. In the first three quarters of 2024, the total volume of new energy vehicles sold by companies increased by 625.3% over the same period. The effect of scale is to improve the profitability of companies.
In the first three quarters of 2024, companies spent $4.368 billion on research and development, continuously refining platforms such as smart architecture, smart ecology, intelligent dynamics, smart simulation, smart testing, and digital technology to upgrade their products.
Increased investment and improved branding in the near future. In July, a series of trademark rights and applications for technology and related parties was announced for $2.5 billion, along with 44 patents for related designs to enhance the brand image. In August, an announcement was made for $11.5 billion.
Incentives and China are to further deepen the cooperation model and to co-opt smart cars and intelligent driving. The October announcement will cost $8.164 billion for purchases.
A 100% stake in the new energy source in order to guarantee the safety, stability, autonomy, and improved management of the company’s operations at the end of the production of its products.
Future sales volumes and enhanced business management are expected to improve profitability and performance on a sustainable basis. In order to deepen cooperation with China, it is expected that brand power will be enhanced, while increasing investment will be expected, “positive” investors will be suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors will be suitable for the use of our Division's various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.