24q3 shows good performance, asking high-end cars to keep the market going – Cyrus (601127.sh) incident evaluation report.
+636.3%, ring ratio + 8.1%; net profit to mother is 2,413 million yuan, and performance is at the upper limit of the forecast, with significant cost improvements
Billion yuan, +53.9 per cent; net return profit of 2,413 million yuan for 24q3; net profit of $2.33 billion for 2403; decline in the ring ratio of the Maori margin in the first three quarters of 2024, mainly affected by changes in accounting policies that will guarantee quality of the class
(c) Certification costs are accounted for in operating costs and are highly profitable for the company.The cost rate for the period of company q3 is 16.9 per cent, corresponding to -13.8 pct, which includes guaranteed quality assurance costs (sales costs) as operating costs;
Rates of marketing/management/finance/research and development costs are 11.1 per cent/2.5 per cent, respectively, - Annual Report Review: m9 leads to an increase in the Māori rate, 9 is set to break 160,000 vehicles, and the high-end passenger vehicle market continues.
2024-08-27. A total of 10,833 vehicles were delivered in the 2403 series, i.e. +561.1 per cent, ring-to-brand profitability 2024-06-27.
+13.6 As of 26 October, the market for border m9 had accumulated a total of 160,000 vehicles with over half a million vehicle-type champions, high-end passenger markets with a sharp rise in the same number of brands in China.
2024-35, 30, 27 times the status of the new forces, considering that the company and China are cooperating in the question world brands at the high end of China (1) that the new model is not as popular as expected; (2) that the demand for automobile consumption is not as high as expected;
Introduction by the Automotive Group
In-depth and forward-looking research, you are good at bottom-up and digging up a share. In-depth coverage of Tesla’s industrial chain/One Mind: Vuhan University undergraduate, Columbia University master’s degree in 2024, you joined the Chinese securities. Two years of work experience in automobile operations, mainly responsible for strategic planning of car selection and related competitive analysis.
Morning: Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Master of Finance, in 2024, joined the Chinese Portfolio to study car and human robotics, reflecting his research. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having submitted any specific opinion or opinion in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.