Three-quarter performance improvement: it is clear that capital operations are a positive sign of firm confidence: three-quarter company reports in 2024, and three-quarter company revenues of $41.58 billion, a year-on-year ratio.
\triangleright realizes a net return profit of 2.41 billion yuan, higher than the forecast return net profit centre of 2.18 billion yuan;
The net profit from the non-repatriation of 2.33 billion yuan is higher than the forecast return net profit centre of 2.06 billion yuan.
Billion dollars: $3.76 billion in net profit from non-mortality. The company achieved 25.5 per cent in three quarters, compared to +18.0pt, ring 1:9pt, mainly due to changes in accounting policies, and approximately $1.21 billion in the cost of quality assurance in the corporate guarantee category, correspondingly reduced sales costs and net profits.
Quarterly sales have continued to rise in the same ring ratio, and m9 has remained high. In terms of sales, the company has achieved 116,000 new energy cars in three seasons, i.e. +394.2%, ring + 9.1%, and cross-sections.
Delivery of 16,000/45,000 vehicles/45,000 vehicles/409,000 vehicles/Run ratio + 18.8 per cent/+21.3 per cent/+2.4 per cent respectively
Capital is active and shows strong confidence in future development.
In July, the company announced that it was going to acquire a series of words and graphic trademarks such as Chinese as question circles for its associates. The total purchase price was $2.5 billion: in August, the company announced that it was going to use approximately $1.329 billion to acquire holdings.
Net profits, further raising corporate profits: in August, the company ' s board of directors considered agreeing that the company would purchase an attractive 10 per cent interest in cash payments in the amount of RMB 11.5 billion, and cut off the first transfer price paid on the date of the publication of the three-quarterly report in the amount of RMB 2.3 billion: corporate calls in October.
A shareholder conference to consider a proposal for the purchase of assets through a company ' s share issue, with the company ' s intention to purchase 100 per cent of the new energy source in the sum of $81.6 Sunda S.A. for 100 per cent of the new energy source and to acquire the ownership of the super-plant, which would help optimize it.
Quality of assets of companies in the city of Kindacuritiesco., Ltd., which enhances continued profitability.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: M7/m9 new listings to accelerate the build-up of orders, keeping in mind firm sales
\triangleright Figure 1: Company revenue for calendar years (millions of yuan) Figure 2: Company revenue per quarter (billions)
Figure 4: Quarterly Mother ' s Net Profit (Billion Dollars) Figure 5: Company ' s Quarterly Māori & Net Interest Rate (%) Figure 6: Company Quarterly Cost Rate (%)
Figure 7: Cyrus Group monthly sales (vehicles) Figure 8: Monthly sales (car) of the Triumph Series, number 1 of the 2018 Gold Cow Award, number 2 of the new wealth in 2020 and number 4 of the team core in 2020
Ding Yi, University of Melbourne, Master of Finance, covering the areas of smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. Xu Kuo, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Master of Applied Economics, covering the areas of intelligence, new power, and self-repair.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.