Retail financial advantages reinforced, large wealth management opened up new growth spaces and banking fundamentals stabilized, fragmentation and transition accelerated by high interest-rate earnings and a fallback, with listed banks growing by 7.71 per cent and net profits by 13.58 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, continuing improvements and improving fundamentals.
At the same time, there has been an increase in inter-occupational divisions, with some listed banks experiencing higher growth and more business-resilient growth. The traditional loan-backed lending business has a narrow profit-making space, and a scale-driven model is unlikely to increase the importance of the recovery in a subsequent environment.
The key to the integration of wealth management and financial science and technology is that some of the earlier transitions have led the way in terms of bank performance and profitability. The advantages of retail banking by merchant banks are prominent, and the strategic transformations that have reinforced the moat have created corporate retail finance niches.
A solid foundation for sales operations, “One Transition” and “Second Transformation” in 2004 and 2010 formally proposed to accelerate retail and intensive operations: “Second Transformation” deepened in 2013, with a “One Wing” strategy and “Light Banks” in place; Financial Science and Technology Bank defined in 2017 and launched in 2020.
In addition, the company’s equity structure is stable over time and insists on “the accountability of the president under the board of directors”, taking into account strategic fixation and the flexibility of business management, which contributes significantly to the consolidation of the retail financial moat.
Indicators such as asset quality are at the forefront of the industry, supporting profitability levels. Benefiting from the release of light banking transformations, companies’ reduced reliance on leverage, optimized use of funds, strong capital growth power, retail financial profitability, and wholesale financial “two-wing” values show that retail finance is already in the crowd, in the canals.
A system of endogenous capacity has been developed in the areas of access, products and brands, and profits and aum have been growing rapidly. 2021h10 Pre-tax profits have increased by 19.87%. Contributions to overall profits have been 53.17% and profit margins 44.98%; end-September zero.
Environmental improvements, focus on position advantage + wealth management leading shares Aum.37 trillion, an increase of 16.02 per cent from the beginning of the year, and gold sunflowers and more aum 82.21 per cent.
Wholesale financial values show that, in addition to continuing to provide low-cost liabilities, recipients, assets and products for retail finance (20211112): performance continues to increase and wealth management is maintained, the focus is on core clients for integrated investment-banking services that extend through the chain of funds to the entire ecological circle.
By the end of June, the number of strategic clients of companies stood at 7111, and the total number of clients financed the large wealth management system and the financial and technological layout opened up a new round of growing space for large wealth management systems as strategic points for companies to explore changes in profit patterns and to promote aum and fee and commission revenue growth.
The company has built up a wealth management system to expand its “big crowds”, build a “big platform”, build a “big ecology”, and keep the surrogates and the private sector in the lead, supporting the company to expand its business space and reduce its cyclicality. At the same time, the company’s financial and technological investment has increased, with digitalization and clientele.
• The valuation premium is clear, followed by a reasonable valuation area of 2.36 - the focus of catalyzing economic recovery, accelerated cash delivery and the release of performance from the build-up of the Great Wealth Management System.
Investment suggests that companies insist on a “one-wing” approach that continuously drives innovation in business models, retail financial moats, solid, wholesale financial values, business leadership, and leading values. Light banking shifts release, leverage dependence is reduced, capital efficiency is optimized, and companies are helped to slow credit growth and growth.
Lower pricing pressures, lower cyclicality of operations, and higher profitability. Large wealth management systems are well positioned, gold and technology are well advanced, opening up space for companies to grow in the medium and long term. We look forward to the company’s future development, drivers, key assumptions and major projections:
In the context of the external environment and the company ' s own business layout, we expect a sustained growth in corporate performance and a larger increase in revenue, including: (1) loan holdings: policy plus bottom macroeconomics, robust credit growth, superimposition of the company through retained profits, sustainable years, consolidation of debt end structure and cost optimization, higher call-out deposits and significant net interest differentials.
Limited; (3) no-interest operations: considering the rapid development of wealth management operations, intermediate operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, taking into account the end of the transitional period of the new regulations on capital management and the higher allocation of low-risk and high-quality assets by the employing banks, credit costs are expected to remain low, macroeconomic weaknesses, slower credit growth, lower pricing, strengthened capital regulations and exposure to credit risks from home enterprises
Pressure on the growth of bank prices and the quality of assets has led to long-term low valuations of bank plates. We believe that the external environmental impact of the hiring banks is less severe than that of their counterparts. Companies have moved forward earlier on in terms of business transformation, consummation, reduced capital consumption, high loan risk pricing, financial cost control, value-added customers, ensuring that the risks are manageable, and pursuing “quality, efficiency, scale”
The current light banking transition has released a low degree of corporate dependence on leverage, scale expansion, and good quality of production, which has helped to sustain robust and sustained growth. Thanks to higher levels of efficiency and profitability in the use of funds, the growth momentum within the public sector’s capital is strong and can effectively support future business needs.
Management systems and financial science and technology applications to optimize client experience, expand income space, improve business and wind efficiency, and keep business cycles down, with medium- and long-term valuation premiums for companies.
Companies insist on a “one-wing” approach to innovation in business models, retail finance moats are solid, wholesale financial prices are visible, businesses remain in the same line of business, and the vanguard value is highlighted. Light banking transitions are released, leverage is weakened, capital efficiency is optimized, and companies are helped to cope with credit slowdowns and downward pressure on pricing, lower business cycles and higher profitability.
Large wealth management systems have been established, and financial technology has advanced in depth, opening up space for medium- and long-term business growth. My macroeconomic rehabilitation under steady growth policies has accelerated the realization of large wealth management systems and released performance.
I. BUSINESS: BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC, EXCHANGE OF CORPORATION AND CORPORATION.
According to the three-quarterly report of listed banks, in January-September 2021, 41 listed banks accumulated revenues and net returns of $4.37 trillion and $1.47 trillion respectively, an increase of 7.71 per cent and 13.58 per cent, respectively, respectively. Of this, revenue and net gains continued to rise at a higher rate than the 2021h1, mainly as a result of the lower base of investment returns and losses during the same period last year.
The risks are phased out, the build-up of the provision is relatively adequate, later credit costs are expected to remain low, anti-breathing profits are available, and banks are expected to increase their profits at a higher level throughout the year, largely in the direction of positive trends.
Figure 2: Loss of revenue and impairment from all listed banks ' operations, despite good overall performance of the listed banks, shows a differentiation in performance between the different listed banks.
More specifically, in January-September 2021, 32 banks were listed for double-digit growth in net profit returns, with an increase of more than 20 per cent in 14 banks, and 8 of these 14 banks, including Ning Bo Bank, Chengdu Bank, Jiangsu Bank, Nanjing Bank, Hangzhou Bank, Merchant Bank, Zhang Hong Kong Bank and Post Office Bank, recorded an increase of more than two.
The revenue and net gains of some of the listed banks have remained constant and even negative. Figure 3: Listed bank receipts and net gains in the first three quarters of 2021 have been ranked roughly influenced by four factors: (1) improved net interest earnings, driven revenue growth, Xiamen Bank, Qingdao Bank, Qingdao Bank,
The Bank of Jiangsu, the Bank of Luang and the Bank of Chengdu have benefited significantly: (2) other non-interest-bearing incomes have increased and representative banks include the Bank of Zhang Kao, the Bank of Transport and the Bank of Ningbo: (3) the middle-income contributions of some banks, including the Bank of Xiangmen, the Bank of Hing, the Bank of Qingjia and the Bank of Merchants; (4) the losses of a small number of banks have recovered, resulting in substantial counter-bulbing profits, such as the Bank of Xiangmen, the Chamber of Farming.
On the whole, most bank performance growth is driven mainly by a pick-up-end drive, with more fundamental resilience in the medium to long term, especially with respect to banks with significant position advantages and more well-placed middle-capital business areas, such as wealth management, investment banks, etc., and better sustainable performance growth.
(ii) The growing importance of intermediate business, the transformation of wealth management, the emergence of consensus, the impact of such factors as economic growth and the weakening of credit investment, lower interest rates on loans, and strengthened capital regulation; the narrowing of the profit margin for lending by banks; the rise in capital pressure; the unsustainable pattern of scale-driven growth in the past; and the urgent need for fiscal development
While the share of intermediate operating income of listed banks is at a low level, the transformation of wealth management in many banks has accelerated, and some banks have already brought higher levels of profitability to retail finance. In the first three quarters of 2021, 41 listed banks received 15.07% of the median operating income, a low level, and there is much room for improvement.
Figure 4: Revenues from intermediate operations of listed banks and rankings of selected listed banks in wealth management
Working to become the most intelligent wealth management bank in the industry, leading the business on the five core areas of “intelligent insight, intellectual investment, smart planning, intelligent interaction, smart wind control” to build a system of intellectual wealth management that gathers demand insight, invests in planning, and is interactively accompanied by one, presenting the new service concept of “Since Pouvre”
The Bank of Nanjing promotes the reform of the Great Retail Strategy 2.0, with the “all financial asset management” as the main thrust for development, and enhances wealth management capacity.
Figure 5: Revenue from wealth management and profit margins of retail operations in selected listed banks (iii) Increased application of financial science and technology, accelerated change in channels, operations and wind control, in addition to wealth management, increased investment by banks in financial science and technology and digital transformation into banks
According to the study on the development of the financial science and technology sector in China for 2020, published by the Ere Advisory Board, banking investment in financial science and technology in 2019 amounted to 23.8 billion yuan, and is expected to reach 45.790 billion yuan in 2023, with a compound increase of 18.68%; according to individual banks, the data has been disclosed.
According to the city bank ' s annual report, in 2020, five banks with more than $10 billion in financial science and technology, i.e., industrial and agricultural construction and recruitment banks, accounted for more than 4 per cent of their operating income, ranking first in the industry, and accounted for more than 3 per cent of the financial and technological investment of the banks, represented by the Great China Bank, the China-China Bank, the Huaxia Bank and the Peace Bank.
In addition, as of April 2021, commercial banks had established 12 financial science and technology subsidiaries, two of which are in preparation, mostly in short-term banking operations of service parent companies, according to the Financial Science and Technology Subsidy (FST), published by the zero finance bank. Figure 6: Financial science and technology investment in banking as a percentage of financial science and technology investment in listed banks
Financial science and technology empowers banks in three ways: first, to adapt to consumer habits, to Internet-based business thinking, to enable online business, to obtain customers through flow-plus scenarios, and to provide products and services, especially non-contact financial scenarios that are relevant to the impact of the epidemic. Second, to construct algorithms and models that are based on user life cycles, behavioural biases, etc.
Good, asset liabilities and big data such as external letters of credit, taxes, etc., comprehensive graphics and smart marketing, precision targeting of customer needs, personalization and customized solutions, thus deeply exploiting the value of stock customers and optimizing business efficiency and client experience.
Differential pricing and effective risk control with low-income consumer finance clients, and reduction of credit costs.
Merchant banks are high-quality stock companies with diversified business structures, flexible operating mechanisms, strong retail financial advantages, profitability and asset quality excellence are among the leading players in the industry. The company was established in 1987 and has so far been listed on a+h basis, with a Chinese market dominated by distribution networks located mainly in the main central cities of mainland China, as well as Hong Kong, New York, Lon and Hong Kong.
International financial centres such as London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney hold various licence plates, such as commercial banks, financial leases, fund management, life insurance, offshore banking, the types of operations that cover, inter alia, wholesale and retail banking products and services, as well as self-employed and surrogate capital operations, with diverse and innovative products and services. As of the end of the third quarter of 2021, the company ' s total assets and operations were significant.
The provision covers 0.93 per cent and 443.14 per cent, respectively, both in terms of volume, profitability and asset quality, while market competitiveness in retail finance, light banking, financial science and technology, wealth management, etc., is significant, and there is room for subsequent growth.
The process of development, the establishment of commercial banks with flexible operating mechanisms and a spirit of innovation, the consistent observance of the position of retail financial agents in the course of business change, the formation of endogenous capacity systems in the areas of customers, channels, products and brands, and the gradual departure from homogenous competition, the consolidation of a conglomerate business, the deepening of light banking and the creation of a large wealth management system.
Specifically, in 1987, the Merchant Bank was established at the forefront of China ' s reform and opening up - the Shenzhen Snake, the country ' s first commercial bank with a fully corporate share in the business, inherited the “snake mouth” innovation gene, introduced the “president responsible” and the “six-year” series of “one-carton” and “one-net” services, spearheaded banking card operations and network services, and achieved zero.
Accumulation of sales customers and breakthroughs in network access restrictions; company listing in 2002 with first credit cards and the creation of gold aromatics, starting with a layering of customers; company “a transformation” in 2004-2005 under the leadership of the Governor of Marius, officially offering to accelerate retail development and achieve a stock listing in 2006; and, in 2010,
The “second transition” was launched to change the expansive and broad-based business model that used to rely on growth in size, capital inputs, and to achieve a conglomerate business aimed at reducing capital consumption, increasing loan risk pricing, controlling financial costs, adding value to clients, ensuring risk management: in 2013-2014, Eyuki Tanaka took over as President of Ma Uwa, and in response to the slowdown in economic growth, interest rates were marketed with interest rates.
“Small banks” were created: in 2017, companies identified financial and technological banks, and in 2020 proposed a large wealth management system, with light banks in the second half of the cycle, focusing on achieving “quality, efficiency, scale”
(ii) Good governance structure with a balance between stability and innovation;
Flexibility plays a crucial role in the formation of corporate retail financial advantages and in the continuous innovation of business models. By penetrating the equity structure, the company’s first shareholder is the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, but the real control of the artificial conglomerate group is nearly 30% of the direct + indirect shareholding and the equity structure is stable over time.
In addition to support, there is less interference in the management of the company's operations, and only major decisions that go beyond the limits of its authority are voted on through the Shareholder Assembly, and in the same time, through the formation of a wholly-owned subsidiary financial group, the integrated management of the financial sector, the effective establishment of a wind-and-business firewall and the institutional protection of large shareholders. In addition, the company has established a “head of the board of directors” system.
It focuses on strategic leadership, risk management and incentives, while giving full authority to the Governor for day-to-day management, with full commitment and accountability to career and shareholders, compliance and good interaction with the Board of Directors.
1. Business performance and performance indicators are prominent, strong incentives for growth in capital are strong The firm ' s performance is bright, resistant to cyclical attributes are strong and profitability is of excellent quality. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved business success.
Figure 12: Annualized roaa and roae levels and comparison with industry Corporate business indicators perform better than their counterparts, are more resilient and sustain the company ' s performance and profitability. (1) Specifically, interest differentials are at a higher level, demand deposits are ahead of schedule, and liabilities have a significant cost advantage in the first three quarters of 2021.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company’s net revenue from intermediate business fees and commissions was larger than its operating income, and the overall downside risk of performance was manageable. By the end of September 2021, the ratio of bad rates to loans of concern to the merchant banks was 0.93 per cent and 0.82 per cent, with a provision coverage of 443.14 per cent, all of which was in the forefront of the industry.
Figure 14: Poor rates, rates of concern and coverage of provisions The firm ' s strong internal capital dynamics, thanks to robust profitability, can respond effectively to the effects of strengthened capital regulation and open up space for steady growth in credit operations. By the end of September 2021, the company ' s core level of capital was 12.31%.
The contribution of undistributed profits in core-level capital (collected equity + capital stock + surplus pool + undistributed profits + general risk readiness + minority shareholders can be counted to the ministry) is 64.24% and is on the rise. In response to the impact of the system-critical banks' additional capital requirements, the core-level capital adequacy rate of the employing banks is much higher than the 8.25% requirement in group 3 (minimum core-level capital).
Adequateness + reserve capital + counter-cyclical capital + additional capital) and less overall pressure on capital, with significant increases in subsequent credit placements, Figure 15: Capital adequacy at the core level and capital structure.
Corporate light banking transitions have been remarkable, as evidenced by the reduced reliance on leverage and the continued high efficiency in the use of funds. However, Roaa continued to improve, with annualized returns of 1.44 per cent in the previous three quarters, the highest in nearly five years, indicating that companies have benefited significantly from higher levels of management and from the deepening of light banking transitions, gradually reducing their leverage and scale drivers.
Reliance on business models that optimize the efficiency of the use of funds led to increased profitability. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies had 28.1% pre-tax roac, a significant recovery from 2020. 3. Retail financial profitability was strong, and businesses such as wealth management, credit cards, retail loans, etc. remained co-opt.
With the support of a two-wing strategy, the company ' s retail financial operations have developed endogenous capacity systems in a variety of areas, such as customers, channels, products and brands, with incomes and profits growing rapidly and profitability strong. 2021h1, the company ' s retail operations have accumulated in the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute.
On the basis of the digitalization and operation of the two main app platforms, further expansion of the retail population and aum growth space is needed to strengthen the retail business base. In terms of the growth of the customer base, by the end of September 2021, the number of retail customers and aum of 169 million households and 10.37 trillion yuan, respectively, was 6.96 per cent and 16.02 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of the year, and capr, at the end of May 2015-2020.
18.74% and 13.49%; in 2020, the percentage of recipients of debit and credit cards based on the subscription bank app and the hand-held app was 19.98% and 62.82%, respectively. At the same time, companies enhanced their recipients by focusing on the focus group mgm, deepening the convergence of companies, and promoting high-quality growth in retail customers. In terms of operations, companies have been optimizing their digital business systems over time.
A new user growth system with an app-based perspective introduces a variety of financial and pan-financial interests that meet the real needs of clients, and provides products and channels to enable clients to enjoy more integrated services from the Internet + App+ landscape ecology. 2021h1, the applicant bank and the applicant mau are 105 million households, the 19 scenes are more than 10 million mau; 66 branches operate.
By the end of June 2021, commercial banks had a total of 1.6392 million clients, representing an increase of 29.17 per cent, or 94.84 per cent, in the total number of clients of financial investment; the sales of financial investment in the first half of the year amounted to $6.12 trillion, representing an increase of 26.85 per cent, or 84.19 per cent.
Figure 19 Number of Retail Financial Clients, aum and two major appmau Figure 20: Number and Sale of Financial Investment Clients in Merchant Banks Thanks to a well-developed customer hierarchy and integrated services, the contribution of high-end customers in retail finance of companies has steadily increased
By the end of September 2021, the number of customers in the company and above and aum, respectively, amounted to 35,479 million households and 8,53 trillion yuan, an increase of 14.38 per cent and 14.38 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year.
The share of households aum is as high as 82.21 per cent and the average aum is $24.339 million; the number of private bank clients is 11.171 million and aum 17.25 per cent, respectively, while the share of private bank customers in retail customers aum is 31.48 per cent and the average aum is $2.788.45 million.
The number of clients and the accumulation and fine cultivation of the aum as a company’s retail financial business have led to excellent performance. The share of non-interestable income, such as management and settlement of payments, is also increasing, and the income structure is becoming more diversified and light.
At the operational level, wealth management has grown rapidly and has become a central driver of growth in retail finance, while credit cards and retail loans have maintained a level of corporate leadership and business structures and asset quality have been further optimized. Specifically: The performance of wealth management, with substitute sales at its core, has been continuously released. 2021h1, Corporate wealth management fees and commission revenue
Credit card lending and trading are leading and negative risks are being released. 2021h1, the net interest on the company's credit card business is further released; credit card loan balances and transaction balances are 746,606 million yuan and 4.34 trillion yuan, respectively, with business leaders ahead. In recent years, credit card operations have shifted to a “stable, low-volatility” business model, asset quality is maintained, and co-debt risk is high.
At the end of June 2021, corporate credit card failures stood at 1.58 per cent, which is in figure 25: credit card income structure and credit balances, turnover, housing loan growth and weight in retail loans, micro-credit growth dynamics and asset quality as a whole.
By the end of June 2021, retail lending by companies (excluding credit credit concentration management red lines, subsequent growth pressures remained; micro-credit and consumer loans and other loans were 541,023 million, respectively, affected by higher rates of credit card lending and micro-credit returns in short-term loans.
At the end of June 2021, retail loans had a negative rate of 0.76 per cent, a decrease of 0.05 percentage points from the beginning of the year, and pledge credit in retail non-performing loans amounted to 73.77 per cent; micro-credits and consumer loans, figure 28: average rate of return on retail loans and poor rate of return
Wholesale finance “two wings” underpins the consolidation of retail-side advantages, and corporate wholesale finance is clearly characterized and continues to operate on both sides.
Synergy in areas such as assets and products has further consolidated the central advantages of retail finance. According to the company ' s semi-annual report of 2021, the net interest earned through the internal money transfer pricing mechanism in wholesale financial operations amounted to 76.75 per cent and branch liabilities amounted to more than 60 per cent of the group ' s liabilities: as of the end of June 2021, the company ' s public deposits amounted to 64.14 per cent of the company ' s total deposits.
At the same time, companies work in an efficient and coordinated manner with retail finance in the form of public-private integration, helping retail finance customers through a series of services such as payroll, business cards, and pensions. At the asset and product level, the company’s financial operations are steadily increasing, and in conjunction with investment banks and hosting operations, they continue to be active.
Effective transmission of the value chain. By the end of September 2021, the balance of the estates subject to monetary management was 2.79 trillion yuan, an increase of 13.88 per cent from the end of the previous year. Of this amount, the balance of the new product was 2.41 trillion yuan, representing 86.38 per cent of the balance of the property, and the balance of the trust at the end of June was 1,823 trillion yuan, covering the main domestic currency market instruments, bonds, stocks, equity, non-values, large businesses.
Products and derivatives, among others, are conducive to meeting the diversified asset allocation needs of clients and play a fundamental role in retail aum growth. Figure 31: Corporate customer deposit structure and cost rates, in addition to supporting retail development, corporate wholesale finance is distinct in itself and its internal growth dynamics increase.
On the basis of the Division's “two wings” of finance and corporate finance, wholesale financial operations have further fostered new dynamics in strategic operations such as investment banks, transaction banks, asset hosting, asset management, paper and financial markets, combining customer classification and management systems to customize and integrate financial services for clients, leading to increased revenue from related operations and higher revenue levels.
2021h1, net external interest income and fees and net commission income from corporate wholesale finance, $9,989 million, and figure 34: net interest income and fees and net commission income and contributions from wholesale finance, respectively
The chain extends to the entire eco-circumstance, with a wide range of income-generating spaces. At the level of integration of the investment comptoirs, companies focus on strategic clients, meeting the full range and layers of financial needs of their clients and achieving a rapid increase in total customer financing, based on traditional credit support, through direct equity investment, financial management, self-investment, paper financing, bond underwriting, etc.
The number of clients reached 7111, and the company financed the total amount of fpa for its clients amounted to $4.6 trillion. The balance of traditional and non-traditional financing was $243 trillion and $2.17 trillion, respectively. At the same time, the company upgraded the “one country-wide” model of supply chain operations to a “one country-wide” model, focusing on the financing needs of core firms up and down and providing services covering factoring, letters of credit, and instruments.
A variety of supply chain financial services address the difficult and expensive financing of SMEs in the industrial chain. By the end of 2020, companies served 80 core firms, expanded 5120 suppliers and provided financing support to 4,000 of them, with core 2020h1 clients and their upstream and downstream supply chain customers increasing by 98.22% and 150.36%, respectively.
Figure 35 Number of strategic clients and fpa status (iv) Large wealth management systems + financial technology opens up new growth spaces 1. Large wealth management systems are being built in the early stages, with significant advantages in sales and private banking
The Great Wealth Management System, as the company’s main line of work and strategic support, is a central avenue for exploring changes in profit patterns and for promoting aum and wealth management fees and commission revenue growth. According to the annual report of the Callers Bank 2020, the company proposes to build a Great Wealth Management System as the main line of work. In conjunction with the disclosure of information on the Web, the Great Wealth Management System can be interpreted as customer-centred.
Deep-farming customer balance sheets, with open thinking and platforms, combine internal and external resources within the company to provide one-stop financial services, allow capital and assets to be docked on recruitment platforms, move, retain, form an ecological circle for the supply of funds, fund management, capital finance to work with each other, strengthen the “flying wheel effect” and better generate value for clients.
Based on the long-standing advantages of retail finance and the continued deepening of the “one-wing” strategy, companies already have a strong foundation and contours at the level of building a large wealth management system. The company’s current achievements in building a wealth management system are reflected mainly in the promotion of “large crowds”, the creation of “large platforms” (i.e., the creation of a business circle), and the construction of “big ecology” (even if the plates are good in nature).
Figure 37: Large wealth management systems in hiring banks, expansion of the Grand Constellation and further consolidation of the wealth management base.
• Focus on high-quality focus groups to enhance access and expand high-quality e-reachation by deepening public-private integration, exploring the formation of public-private integrated “amphibian” teams. Clients operate from single asset stratification to client classification, exploring the establishment of exclusive service programmes in such areas as the segmented clientele, parent-child groups, etc. The business model is being upgraded and upgraded from a two-way model of client manager-in-house ownership to “housekeeper-in-flow”;
• Expanding wealth management services to a billion-class long tailings, using a combination of smart and intensive business practices, such as apps, web-based service centres, and building “large platforms” to work with partners to create and run a community of friends
• Connecting the market's multilateral players and playing a “wider customer, more product, better service” web-based role. Open product platforms and operations • Launching the “Young Plan”, setting up the potential fund manager growth platform, hatching and locking in excellent fund managers; 55 partners in the “Money Generation” open platform, opening up the exploration of direct service to clients.
Convergence, with more clients enjoying wealth management services on the recruitment platform, building a “big ecology”, creating a business rotational effect around the chain of value-cycles for large wealth management, with units gradually finding their own values.
• Wholesale, retail customer transformation is becoming more fluid, and two lines of cooperation are working more closely on e-business expansion and on the growth of private bankers;
• A combination of differentiated advantages and the proactive integration of affiliates into large wealth management systems reflects the advantages of multi-licensed services. In terms of business outcomes, not only are the dominant players in the marketing field, but the volume of private banking has also remained high, contributing to higher levels of profitability and light capital income in the retail business of companies, and expanding the scope for business development for commercial banks,
By the end of September 2021, the company’s equity + mixed public fund held 7307 billion yuan, the industry ranked first, the non-monetary market public fund held 781 billion yuan, and the industry ranked second. This is based on the China Private Bank Development Report (2020) and the White Paper on Risk Management in China’s Wealth Management Industries, published by the China Bank Association.
Private clients, aum and aum per capita were ranked first in the market in 2019. Figure 38: Size and acceleration of private banking.
In 2017, the Bank of Merchants defined the Bank of Financial Technology as a strategy to deepen the “light banking” strategy. The company aims to bring about a fundamental change in the concept and approach of financial technology enterprises, and to promote the transformation of its own business model, so that it becomes a “nuclear power” for the second half of the strategic transition.
Financial science and technology infrastructure, retail finance, wholesale finance and customer experience are four areas, focusing on the “uplifting of customer experience” thread, the transfer of dynamic energy, the use of science and technology to find the best balance between efficiency, cost and risk, and the use of light management, light operations and real “light banking”.
• In the area of infrastructure, upgrading of the infrastructure base, mobile technology, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, network security
Increased investment in areas such as whole, block chains. • In the area of operational agility development, the creation of a dual-model research and development system, the introduction of mechanisms for the integration of technology and operations into a new form of project systems, the upgrading of operational agility and the continuous and iterative capacity of organizations to respond to client needs and services.
• In the area of innovation incubation platforms, an internal financial science, technology and innovation incubation platform is established. Financial science and technology resources are introduced externally, through joint laboratories with technology enterprises, universities, or through the Financial Science, Technology and Innovation Project Fund.
• Implementation of a “mobile priority” strategy. • Construction of a marketing smart engine to support the digitalization of client flows. • Creation of a wind-controlled smart engine and digital decision-making capacity for wind-control processes.
Accelerating back-office automation and intelligent transformation of wholesale finance • Using financial technology to upgrade the level of back-office processes. • Using big data and artificial intelligence to upgrade the level of intelligence in business management.
• Create a more efficient and intelligent service support system using the customer service support layer, using large data and artificial intelligence technology,
The front-office service processes include a smart investment model for “people-machine” and a one-stop credit self-help process. Financial and technological inputs from the merchant banks have continued to increase, and their effectiveness has gradually become apparent in a number of areas, such as digitalization, acquisition and aum growth, reduction of efficiency gains and optimization of client experience.
(i) Financial and human resources investment continues to increase, and the financial science and technology innovation project has produced significant results in the creation of a digital transition and financial and technological bank to protect and protect it. At the financial level, information and technology investment accounts for a high level of operating income.
The proportion will exceed 3.5 per cent; at the talent level, emphasis will be placed on the introduction of high-end, scarce or cross-sectional talent that banks cannot innate in the short term, while at the same time creating a system of in-house skills development in financial science and technology, which will enable business people to think digitally and be able to drive product innovation and operations, with 9279 R & D staff in 2021h1; and at the technology innovation level, full capacity as of the end of June 2021
The Financial Science, Technology and Innovation Project Fund has become an incubator for the new industry model, a booster, a focus on c-ecology, b-ecology, digitalization, digital management, technology infrastructure and innovation incubation.
Figure 40: Merchant Bank financial investment in science and technology and the results of the Financial Science, Technology and Innovation Project (2) has been highly effective on-line, especially in terms of access and scenario building. As of the end of June 2021, the number of subscribers to commercial banking and banking and to the consumer life applications stood at 158 million and 117 million, respectively, with a cumulative total of Mau of 105 million, and in 2020.
Annual debit cards and credit cards account for 19.98 per cent and 62.82 per cent of digital recipients. In addition, two major apps continue to work deep on financial scenes and general scenes with more than 10 million mau, 85.11 per cent and 58.52 per cent of commercial banker financial scenes and non-financial scenes in the first half of 2020, respectively, and 76.74 per cent and non-financial scenes, respectively.
72.70 The expansion of high-frequency financial life scenes has resulted in higher levels of digitalization and user growth, and has also provided effective pathways for better client experience and greater customer stickyness. (3) Focus on digital management and infrastructure development, with full support for core operations.
In addition, companies build future-oriented infrastructure capabilities at cloud computing, artificial intelligence, technology neutralization and data neutralization levels.
Improved efficiency in cost-control for companies. 2021h1, the cost-earning ratio for companies was 27.95 per cent, down to less than 30 per cent.
• Creation of an open-form system, the Windbell System, to monitor retail customer experience of 1,367 indicators
Monitoring of the experience of public clients: 954 indicators; client intelligence capacity; three main categories of cloud service: guest service, love, visual cloud
Text-based interactive online service 90.23 per cent • Over 4,000 people are saved in the service of the cloud, and one day of alert time with love clouds
Up to one hour, the visual cloud is calling 92 million times a year, smart self-help services are 77.23 per cent, and back-office automation is available.
• In the form of api as the main share, promote the opening and reuse of a total of 800 shared components out of 49 medium- and back-stage scenarios, such as operational components, technical components verification, entry, consultancy, etc.
Financial technology, replacing business lines with 27.23 million digital smart wind control capabilities — building the `numbers' of the industry-wide unified data portal to increase the division of data across the line
The percentage of counterfeiting and misappropriation by non-cardholders of the Ribbon platform has been reduced to three-tenths of dry and numerical capacity, with an accuracy rate of 75.21 per cent for companies with potential risks.
An average of 20 months before the client's failure can send out an early warning signal that 86.75 per cent of the new occurrence will be covered by the estimated premium, and there will still be room for future upgrades.
Combining our three-year profit projections, follow-up assumptions, and relative valuation and absolute valuation methods for merchant banks, the core catalytic factors include macroeconomic repairs, accelerated performance in the construction of large wealth management systems, and performance release.
Replenishment of capital in the form of profits, sustainable debt, etc., where firm growth in the company's interest-bearing assets is expected to be sustained; Ipr heavy-pricing effect 2. Non-interest operations: credit costs are expected to remain low in view of the rapid development of wealth management operations, the continued high growth of intermediate operations, the sustained growth of non-interestable income, the end of the new transitional period and the high allocation of low-risk, high-quality assets by merchant banks, and the expected maintenance of lower levels of credit costs.
1.pb valuation premiums are obvious, and there is still room for improvement in the target overseas banks, where we select retail operations with a ratio of more than 40 per cent from State-owned banks and equity banks operating across the country and with a rate of delay (with a different caliber of bad confirmation, we use the rate to measure asset quality instead of an undesirable rate) and a provision coverage rate greater than the average of the sample.
As at 30 December, pbs were 1.74 times higher than those of the banks, and the pbs of the banks were 0.51-0.76 times higher than those of the banks of the reserve, construction banks, agricultural banks, and boom banks.
At a time when it is difficult for domestic banks to provide a reasonable range of valuations, we have chosen Morgan Chase, rich-country banks, Citigroups, HSBCs, and Henseng Banks as comparable companies, with retail operations in this category fluctuated at 40%.
From 2000 onwards, roae, pb, and related financial indicators, search for historical periods similar to the profit level of the employing bank to determine the reasonable value range, and use the pb-roe model to validate it. Comparable company data disclosed by Bloomberg are used as a multiplicity of offers.
2.ddm shows that pb is two and a half times higher than the reference range for the relative valuation, and based on profit projections and cash fractions, we make an absolute valuation of the employing bank using the three-phased ddm. Assuming the annual profit projection, the detailed forecast period is 17.24 per cent, with net interest differentials, interest-bearing assets, total assets, loans, loans, etc.
Various assumptions, such as credit cost, non-interest income ratio, cost-income ratio and effective tax rate. The range of roae measured during the transition period and the sustained growth period is 16.38 per cent and 16.11 per cent, respectively. Given the high proportion of banking-type operations and the large gap between cash flows and profitability, the index shows a risk premium and an equity cost calculated as a discount rate, and the final estimate is that each share of the offeror bank is valued at $74.55.
Companies insist on a “one-wing” approach to innovation in business models, retail finance moats are solid, wholesale financial prices are visible, businesses remain in the same line of business, and the vanguard value is highlighted. Light banking transitions are released, leverage is weakened, capital efficiency is optimized, and companies are helped to cope with credit slowdowns and downward pressure on pricing, lower business cycles and higher profitability.
I promised to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.