Performance forecast rating in 2025: high performance, platforming, $1 billion, +43.9 per cent; of this amount, corrosion equipment earned $3.78 billion, +40.1 per cent, and lpcvd equipment earned $199 million, an increase of 608.2 per cent.
High-end etching equipment for advanced storage & logic has increased significantly and new products such as lpcvd and ald have formed duplicate orders. 2025h1 net profit from the mother is expected to be $680-730 million, which is a constant increase in R & D inputs by the same company, with sufficient hand orders in hand: the company is currently working on six types of construction.
The etching product continues to lead and the plating product expands well: (1) ccp equipment: in the logical field, more comprehensive coverage has been established for most of the ccp etching applications above 28nm and most of the ccp etching applications up to 28nm, and a large number of platforms have entered 5nm and below internationally
Logical; 4,000 stations have been delivered as of 2024o4. In the storage area, hyper-high-height-wide corrosion machines have validated the ability of the 60:1-height-wide structure on the client, successfully entering the 2d&3d storage chip production line. At the same time, the company has a very low-temperature etching technology active in the layout, with an active reserve of ~90:1 depth.
Width corrosion technology. (2)icp device: The number of cavities installed by company ' s icp equipment on the client side was nearly 100% over four years, and by 2024 over 1025 stations had been installed cumulatively, covering more than 50 logical, dram, 3dnand, etc.; the company ' s tsv etching equipment was also in place
In addition, the company is developing an icp etching for the 5-3nm logical chip: rapid growth in performance, accelerated platform layout.
(iii) Mocvd equipment: Active layout of third-generation semiconductor equipment has now taken the lead in the ggan-based equipment market, e.g., and good progress has been made in the development of mocvd equipment in the micro-led area. The extended equipment for the sic device has been delivered to the domestic lead.
China Micro Company (688012) 2024: Clients conduct validation tests. (4) thin film deposition equipment: company ' s first cvd tungsten equipment is delivered to fast-growing harvests and platform-based layouts are accelerated.
Critical storage client validation assessment, validated by the client on site and obtained by the customer duplicate volume order, company-developed ald nitrogenated titanium, titanium, nitrogenated tantalum equipment for high-end storage and logical devices has also completed multiple logical/storage client verifications; and epi equipment has been completed many times.
The process is validated and highly recognized by the client of the logical device and the mtm device. (5) Volume detection equipment: the establishment of the subsidiary Ultra-Micro Corporation to introduce the electronic beam detection equipment to the military pilot, which has been planned to cover a wide range of detection equipment.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s net return profit from 2025-2027 as the East Wu Securities Company Limited, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.