Six platforms were launched to speed up progress towards platformization, and the two-fold gains in revenue added to growth dynamics and high-growth-driven technological breakthroughs in research and development.
A significant increase in the volume of additional payments for high-end products of key etching processes has been achieved in a variety of critical etching processes in advanced logical and advanced storage devices.
The share of revenue is 30.07 per cent, which is far higher than the average amount of core equipment developed by companies listed on the venture board to invest in water processes. R&D costs 1,116 million yuan, an increase of 96.65 per cent. 3) External shares of companies measured at fair value and whose changes are accounted for in current losses and losses
Introduction of six new semiconductor equipment products to accelerate progress towards high-end equipment platforming. Upgraded with semiconductor technology at the highest/lowest cost in 52 weeks, plasma etching, atomic sedimentation and outer extension.
The company recently launched six new semiconductor equipment products covering key processes such as plasma etching, atomic layer deposition and outer extension in Shanghai Entrepreneur Investment Limited.
In the field of film deposition technology, the company released four new items, including three Atomic Layer deposition products and one extra item.
Prolonged products, of which the company produces 12 inches of Atomic Sediment products that meet the application needs of advanced logic and advanced storage devices in the metal grid. Outgoing equipment can satisfy the logic, storage, from maturity to advanced nodes, with the adaptation and compatibility of the Chevonne process.
email: zhaiyimeng@cnpsec.com and power devices. These six semiconductor equipment new products can further meet client needs, expand the layout of the company ' s products, and accelerate the movement to high-end equipment platforms.
Platform leaders continue to benefit from downstream expansion and national substitution processes. China’s integrated circuits and general semiconductor industries have been booming in recent years.
As a result of industry efforts, the gap between domestic and foreign equipment is rapidly narrowing in terms of semiconductor equipment types, performance and large-scale production capacity, and has grown rapidly and has increased the global share of semiconductor equipment markets on an initial scale and on mainland China.
According to Semi, with advanced logic, storage and technological transformation, semiconductor sales of manufacturing equipment are expected to increase further to $130 billion in 2026, and China, Taiwan and South Korea will remain the top three regions of equipment spending. According to Yole, China is large.
Land is expected to become the world's largest semiconductor crystal-crystal generation centre in 2030, with an expected increase in the proportion of total global installed capacity from 21 per cent to 30 per cent in 2024. As a domestic semiconductor platform leader, the company is expected to develop it autonomously over the next five to ten years.
And working with industry partners to cover key areas of integrated circuits, including more than 60 per cent of the equipment market, including corrosion, film, etc., with improved process coverage and rising domestic share, will continue to benefit from downstream extension, technological upgrading and national production substitution processes.
Risks associated with downstream client expansion, corporate governance culture as a result of employee equity incentives Risks, government support and changes in tax preferences, supply chain risk, industry policy change risk, international trade friction increases risks, and inadequate R & D inputs result in technology being overtaken or replaced
We did a relative valuation analysis with a share of semiconductor front-track equipment (North China, China, China, China, Tianjin, China, China, China, Micro, Microconductor nano, Precaution Electronics), which grew over a long period of time through coded R & D, with a reference to the company ' s unanimous projection of 9.11x for the year 2025 ifind.
The company, as the national semiconductor platform leader, has a total R & D investment of 1,492 million yuan, an increase of 53.70 per cent over the same period, and a total R & D investment of 30.07 per cent, which is well above the average R & D investment of companies listed on the project board. Over the next five to 10 years, the company is expected to cover integrated circuits through autonomous R & D and working with industry partners.
More than 60% of the equipment market in key areas, including corrosion equipment and film deposition equipment, with improved process coverage and an increasing share within the country, will continue to benefit from downstream extension, technological upgrading and national production substitution processes and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, impartiality.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.