Jog-Sun, platform-based features are emerging, growing space opens up, and as a leader in the field of semiconductor etching equipment in the country, the company continues to move towards other areas (film, volume).
The company expects to expand over the next five to ten years, through autonomous R & D and extended purchases, while, along with the escalation of trade friction between China and the United States, the issue of the production capacity of advanced processes has become the most central constraint on the development of China's ai industry, so we expect that China will start with 2h25 and that China will have more money and more politics.
In China, the semiconductor industry is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of 1h25, with revenues from new equipment rising rapidly: in the first half of 2025, the company actually collected $4.96 billion, an increase of 43.9 per cent, compared with $3.78 billion in etching equipment.
40.1% increase; Ipcvd achieves revenue of 200 million yuan. The same year, 608% increase, with the company's new equipment business over the next five to ten years, will cover more than 60% of the equipment market in the integrated circuit switch area, including through autonomous R & D and extended purchase.
China’s advanced process is expanding, with a favourable corporate share rising: the US continues to exert pressure on China’s semiconductor industry, threatening the supply of key equipment and tools in China’s crystal circle manufacture and design. As a result, China’s demand gap for high-level gpu products and storage products urgently needs to be filled with advanced processes.
It can be expected that from 2h25, China will have more money, policies will be tilted towards an advanced process including a light engine, a share of the liquid a share of the investors in the eda, and the Chinese semiconductor industry is expected to usher in a new round of advanced crafts.
Companies, as domestic core semiconductor equipment companies, have considerable technological reserves in the fields of corrosion, film, and so on, and are expected to benefit from China’s advanced development process. To the point where China’s technological disputes are intense, semiconductor equipment is in urgent need of localization, and a rating is given for purchases.