Continued high growth in core equipment and significant R & D drivers Investment rating: fast growth in purchasing (maintenance) of carving equipment and revenue breakthrough in lpcvd
In the first half of 2025, the company generated $3.8 billion in revenue from the sale of corrosion equipment, an increase of about 40 per cent in the same year. Up to 200 million yuan in the sale of lpcvd equipment, a significant increase of 608 per cent in the same year. As of the first half of 2025, there were almost 1,200 single-reaction units; and the cumulative load of icp etching machines exceeded 1,200.
Corporate plasma etching equipment has been applied to international frontline customers for 65 to 5 nanoprocesses.
In the first half of the year, corporate R & D investment increased by 54 per cent, or 30 per cent of revenue, while firms achieved a cross-cutting increase in R & D speed, reducing the development cycle of new equipment from three to five years to two years, or even less. On 4 September, the company released six new items at cseac2025, including, inter alia,
Key processes such as ion etching, ald, and exterior. At core etching technology, the company’s new generation of extremely deep-wide ccp etching machines, primud-rie, with the dynamic edge resistance of autonomous research and development, overcomes industrial process problems and provides a strong safeguard for the production of advanced storage chips.
Barriers. The first global dual cavity depressure extension device, prmioepitrap, was innovatively designed to combine efficiency with low cost. In the membrane sedimentation area, the preforma uniflash device used an original dual-reaction platform design to upgrade production efficiency and process performance.
The company is strengthening its leading position in the semiconductor core, through a series of breakthrough innovations.
The pace of R & D has fallen short of expectations, industrial competition has intensified, and trade friction has intensified.
Li Mei-hyun, a Master's degree from the Chinese People's University, joined Hua An in January 2024. He worked in East Hing Securities, with four years of research experience in the electronics and communications industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.