Electronics group 1h2025 has continued to show high income performance, and platform-based layout high-end products have been phased out
1. " Mid-Micro Corporation Review: High Performance Growth, Platform Profiles Sustained + 28.25%; Realization of Mother ' s Net Profit of 393 million yuan, +46.82%, Rings + 25.47%. Sustained deepening of business cooperation with customers, both within and outside the country, and sustained scaling up of R & D inputs. "
The company's plasma etching equipment has been applied to international front-line customers from 65 to 5 nanometres and other advanced integrated circuits to manufacture production lines and advanced encapsulation production lines. The company's mocvd equipment is leading the industry.
Large-scale inputs into household production lines have made the company one of the world’s leading manufacturers of nitrified thorium-based equipment. The company’s newly developed rpcvd and ald film-based equipment over the last two years now has multiple products on the market and a large number of duplicate orders.
For advanced production processes and storage devices, the platform layout combines the growth of expansiveness. In the first half of 2025, the company generated 3,781 million yuan in corrosion equipment, i.e. +40.12 per cent; and lpcvd equipment generated $199 million in sales, i.e. $199 million, i.e. the same amount.
+608.19 +608.19 : Continued high harvests are mainly due to a significant increase in the volume of additional payments made by companies for high-end products of critical etching processes in advanced logic and storage systems, and large-scale production of multiple key etching processes in advanced logic and advanced storage devices.
As semiconductor process nodes continue to shrink, measuring detection equipment needs to meet higher accuracy requirements, and companies form a subsidiary, "Super-Micro Corporation," layout and measuring equipment plates, platforms, etc.
The layout of the equipment company has been initially developed. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Semiconductor cycle fluctuations, downstream crystal mill expansion less than expected and new products less advanced than expected.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market