The expansion of advanced production capacity has led to the upgrading of core equipment enterprises, along with the escalation of trade friction between China and the United States, and the production capacity of advanced production processes, which has become a constraint on China's ai industry.
At the core of development, we expect that, at the beginning of the 2h25, the Chinese government will have more money and policies in favour of the advanced process, including the lighting machine and the eda tool, and that the Chinese semiconductor industry is expected to usher in a structural opportunity for advanced technological expansion.
The company’s role as a leader in the domestic semiconductor etching equipment sector, and its market share of enhanced etching equipment, has been accompanied by the expansion of new equipment products, and further competitiveness in the field of high-end semiconductor equipment. There is now an increasing competition, with the company’s valuations allowing room for an improved rating of purchases.
The advanced process of 2h25 will be an industrial priority: the US continues to press China’s semiconductor industry, threatening the supply of key equipment and tools in China’s crystal circle manufacture, design, and many times. Therefore, China’s demand gap for high-level gpu products and storage products needs to be filled with advanced processes.
At the beginning of 2h25, the Chinese government will have more funds and policies in favour of advanced processes, including light burners and eda tools. China’s semiconductor industry is expected to open up to a new round of technological expansion.
The 1q25 crop continues to grow at a very high rate, with a wealth of hand orders: 1q25 achieving a combined Māori ratio of 2.170 billion, a decrease of 3.4 percentage points from the same period the previous year.
33 times, given the intensity of the Chinese-American technology dispute and the urgent need for the localization of semiconductor equipment, buy the companyupdatech companyupdatech
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.