Income continues to increase, steadily pushing forward the platform layout of semiconductor equipment. Medium and Micro (688012.sh) • Income continues to increase, and research and development to complement high-end equipment shortboards produced in the country, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
2025h1 achieved revenues of $4,961 million, yoy+43.88 per cent, mainly due to additional payments for high-end corrosion equipment, a significant increase in large-scale production in a variety of key etching processes in advanced logic and advanced storage; and Māori 39.86 per cent, a decline of 1.46 pcts, which we believe is mainly due to the fact that some of the company's advanced platforms are in the process of climbing production.
The resulting one-time cost is reflected in the current quarter; the net return to the mother is 706 million yuan, yoy + 36.62%, mainly due to high income growth. In addition, the company continues to invest a high amount of 2,025h1 dollars in research and development, totalling 1,492 million yuan. The company is leading the etching field, pushing ahead with the development of film sedimentation equipment and expanding optically through endogenous outreach.
We maintain income projections, a small amount of the company's financial costs, and a small amount of the firm's net profit projections, and the company is expected to make good progress in business income-generating new products development in 2025-2027, and high end + platform configurations are progressing steadily.
The company's line products are progressing well: (1) corrosion equipment: ccp, the company's self-developed primud-rie for ultra-high-height-wide etching (60:1) has been applied on a large scale to state-of-the-art storage device production lines. icp, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon etching equipment prmotsv200e, primotsv
300e continues to obtain duplicate orders in mature markets such as advanced crystal circle encapsulation, 2.5d encapsulation and micromechanical system chip production lines, and has been successfully validated on the 12 inch 3d chip silicon pore etching process. (2) Membrane subdued equipment: mocvd, the company ' s red yellow light modecvd equipment is well under development and silicon carbonated.
Good process results have been achieved for high income, high end + platform strategy extension equipment. On ald, the company has six types of cvd-ald steady progress - corporate update report.
The film deposition equipment entered the market and was approved for smooth progress, and some of the equipment was ordered in bulk. In addition, the company ' s depressurized pei equipment has been certified by mature process clients and has entered the advanced process.
q3 Performance Increases with Rings, Embezzles High End We believe that: As corporate equipment is high-end and platform-based, corporate market space and profitability accelerates product release - corporate information update report
This increase is expected to contribute to performance growth in the future.