Mid 2025: Sustained performance, platform-based sheeting, solid growth in net profit from non-repatriation, accelerated release of membrane products: $4.96 billion from company 2025h1, corresponding to +43.9 per cent; revenue from corrosion equipment was $3.78 billion, corresponding to +40.1 per cent; lpcvd&ald equipment camp
200 million yuan, an increase of 608.2 per cent over the same period, was largely due to a significant increase in the delivery of high-end corrosion equipment by companies and the formation of duplicate orders for new products such as lpcvd and ald. 2025h1 net profit to mothers was $710 million, resulting in an increase in Māori as a result of the increase in revenue. q2 single-season revenues, +51.3 per cent/+28.3 per cent for the same ring; q2 returns
The company is currently working on six types of equipment and more than 20 new equipment, with research and development investments of $1.49 billion, operating cash flows of $202h1 at $200 million, q2 at $170 million for the first quarter, mainly in the context of the expanded scale of operations, continued leadership in the production of etching products and successful expansion of plating products: (1) ccp equipment: 28nm in the logical field
Most of the ccp etching applications and most of the ccnm etching applications up to and including 28 nm form more comprehensive response stations (3,300 of them, 1,200 single-reaction stations), up from the end of q2 in 2024.
In the storage area, the ultra-high-wide carpentry machine is already being evaluated by visitors: higher performance, more platform-based layout.
Home-based validation of 60:1 deep-wide structure and successful access to 2d&3d storage chip production line. Meanwhile, the Division actively deploys ultra-low-temperature etching technology, actively storing ~90:1 deep-wide etching technology. (2) icp device: the number of cagr installed on the client by the public-wicp device is over 100% over four years and has accumulated up to the end of 2025q2.
Installation of more than 1,200 response stations covering more than 50 logical, dram, 3dnand, etc.; company Tsv, China Insignia (688012): 2025 one-quarter reporting point, etching equipment has also been used for advanced containment. In addition, the company is developing an icp caricature for the 5-3nm logic chip.
(iii) corrosion machines. (3) Mocvd equipment: Positive layout of third generation semiconductor equipment, which has now been evaluated at the led et al. gan base: rapid growth in performance, accelerated platform layout, leading the market and making good progress in the development of mocvd equipment in the micro-led field.
The extended equipment used for the sic device has been shipped to a leading domestic client for validation testing. (4) The thin film deposition equipment: one company rolled out three w film deposition products, covering cvd, har and ald, and its first cvd tungsten device was delivered to a critical storage client validation assessment, verified through the client site and obtained a customer duplicate.
Production orders. The ald nitrogenide titanium, titanium, and tantalum nitrogen devices developed by the company for high-end storage and logical devices have also been validated by multiple logical/storage customers; 3 depressurized epi has successfully delivered batches to mature customers, and the advanced process is in the validation stage.
(5) Volume-testing equipment: The establishment of a subsidiary, Ultra-Micro Company, which introduced the electronic beam detection equipment, has been planned to cover Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.