We've achieved a high yield and performance of 25h1 and an accelerated research and development cycle for new products.
High-end etching equipment and rpcvd fast-discharge, with 25h1 battalion collection up. 2025h1, Wang Aki, due to high-end etching equipment applied to advanced logic and storage, has increased significantly.
And Ipcvd achieves rapid release. Sub-products, 1) corrosion equipment: 2025h1 etching equipment, sales revenue of approximately 3,781 million yuan, or 40.12 per cent more than the corresponding increase, mainly due to a significant increase in the delivery of high end products from companies for advanced logic and key etching processes in the manufacture of storage devices.
Key etching processes achieve large-scale mass production; 2) lpcvd equipment: first sold in 2024, with sales revenue of about $199 million for the sale of this equipment, over 24 years in size, compared to what they consider to be the results of research and development and market import of membrane equipment products.
High R & D inputs support product development and replication, with short-term impact on profit-end performance. 1) Profit-end: 2025h1 company combined Māori rate of 39.86 per cent, corresponding to 1.47 percentage points, with a slightly better Māori rate (2025h1 fair value change gains and investment returns totalling approximately 168 million yuan, compared
For high-intensity new equipment development, total R & D investment in the first half of the year amounted to 1,492 million yuan, compared to the end of the year, the company is currently working on six types of equipment, over 20 new equipment development, products, a shorter R & D cycle to be completed in two years, and new products are well tested at the client level, and it is hoped that they will be completed in two years.
There has been a steady increase in market ownership by key clients. There has been a steady increase in product line development and customer certification.
Autonomous innovation, product layout and technology development towards the world's technological frontier, multiple product lines, good progress: 1) Erosion equipment: company ccp and icp corrosion equipment remains high - 22/04/2025
In addition, the ccp etching device has formed a more comprehensive coverage, super-high, of most of the 28 nms or more in the logical chip manufacturing field.
Deep-wide corrosion machines (60:1) have been used on a large scale in the production of advanced storage devices — the 25th of February 2025 line, the tsv etching equipment has also been applied in the advanced encapsulation, and the logic for 5-3nm is being developed
(ii) Membrane equipment: 6 membrane sediment products have been developed — 25 February 2025
To the market, Tungsten series products have been field certified by key storage clients to satisfy advanced storage All metal interconnection applications in storage applications (including high depth-wide metal interconnection applications) and 3-D Storage device fonts to apply performance indicators and are also delivered to advanced logical customers for testing
In addition, the ald equipment has completed multiple validations of advanced logical client equipment. 3) Volume detection facilities: including optical and electronic beam detection equipment, new Micro-Micro Division in 2024, dedicated to developing electronic beam detection equipment and expanding multi-grade coverage. 4) mocvd equipment:
Greater technological progress has been made in the development of equipment for the extended production of silicon carbide devices, continuing Propulsion prototype production certification at the client end: small-volume production certification of new mocvd equipment for the manufacture of micro-led applications.
Subsistence of production by downstream customers, increased risk of friction in international trade, development of new products and authorship of portfolio investment advisory qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, production of this report independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, and assurance that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, without any third conclusion
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.