Release of multiple etchings, new film items, platform-based layout ongoing 06/09/2025 : 13th semiconductor equipment and core parts and materials on 4 September
Six new pieces of equipment, covering high depth ratio & selection for corrosion, ald, epi, etc. . ccp and metal corrosion of new etchings are expected to fully benefit from the process evolution: (1) a new generation of high depths of companies with plumud-rie upgraded based on mature architecture
Six reaction cavities, providing a higher amount of ion-threshold power through higher power and lower frequency radio-optimal power, can satisfy the demanding requirements of very deep width versus carving, balancing corrosion accuracy with production efficiency. At present, micrometres, with a depth ratio greater than 60:1, significantly boost the demand for very deep width versus puncture. (2)
Selecting the corrosion of the prmomenovatm device by icp, which is good at metal al-lines, al-block etching, which is widely adapted for advanced logic and storage chip manufacturing, displaying a high degree of uniformity in corrosion, selection compared to lower-floor damage, and integrating efficient cavity cleanness and high-temperature water vapour removal cavity design to improve efficiency
With stability; the initial aircraft was certified by its client in June 25th, and is progressing well. The number of metal interlocking layers of advanced logic and storage chips is increasing (about 8-10 floors of the 28nm process, 7nm/5nm nodes reaching 13-14 floors), with more stringent requirements for the accuracy and homogeneity of metal etching, corporate crp devices.
The new product ald covers a variety of advanced metals, and the bi-celephone pi meets the needs of the client for mitigation efficiency: (1) preformauniflashald series of ald: coverage of tin, tial, tan, three main materials, ingenuity of double-resistance counters and multi-level blending of gas, with membrane homogeneity and efficiency at an internationally advanced level.
The key elements of advanced logical devices, which impose very high demands on the thickness control of the filamentary membrane, the staircase coverage and the contamination of particulates, promote accelerated release of high-precision ald equipment from the crystal mill. (2) China Micro Company (688012): mid-2025
Pprimioepita7/rp Double cavity depressure expanses: availability of minimum global cavity size and multi-cam flexibility (up to 6 cavities) to achieve high productivity while reducing the consumption of chemicals
The equipment was shipped to the client in August of 24th year for maturity and advanced process validation.  Platform-based layout accelerates landing: company platform-based layout covers etching, thin film, volume detection and display.
China Micro Company (688012): 2025. By the end of the first half of 2025, there were 6.800 plasma etchings and chemical film reaction cavities.
At the same time, the company has set up a micro company to cut into the field of electronic beam testing, introduce leading personnel, and speed up the testing of equipment layout. This time, the distribution of advanced film and corrosion equipment has accelerated again.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s net return profit from 2025-2027 as the East Wu Securities Company Limited, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.