El ophthalmology (300015.sz)
The company announced its annual report 2017, during which it achieved operating income of $5,963 million, an increase of 49.06 per cent over the same period; net profit of $743 million, an increase of 33.31 per cent over the same period; net profit of $776 million, a reduction of non-net profit, a decrease of the same amount as that of the Medical Industry Research Group
The number of outpatients and surgeries has continued to grow, with 5.07 million visits per year, an increase of 36.99 per cent over the previous year, 517,000 surgeries per year, an increase of around 44 per cent in both impairments and back-of-the-eye operations, and an increase of 34.4 per cent in visual light services.
The industry is unshakeable, and production research and the consolidation of doctors' resources to protect the river is particularly dependent. El ophthalmology has built a wide moat of doctors' resources, and the former company has more than 3,000 full-time doctors, accounting for about 10% of the country's ophthalmologists.
There has been a positive cycle in the development and introduction of doctors, with external teams of specialists, in-house groups, exchanges, collaboration with medical colleges, and the creation of a pool of trainers, and an increasing number of ophthalmologists have injected El ophthalmology (3000015) into the first system.
Further expansion of the piloting of diagnostic and eye-to-eye stations to attract a wide range of patients to high-quality ophthalmology in close proximity to hospitals, construction of headquarters and informatization, surge in support companies, treatment services, dependent on the hierarchies, referral of patients in sub-group hospitals to higher-level hospitals, access, etc.
The team of experts in 2016-12-08 met to improve the quality of the consultations and the quality of the visits, while the local chain eye hospitals participated actively in El ophthalmology (300015).
El ophthalmology: Reported steady growth in performance of 81.3%, mainly due from health insurance agencies.
There are no real national competitors in health institutions, such as North, Elmephthalm (3,00015).
El ophthalmology (300015): M & A, domestic and foreign hospitals, etc., with institutional constraints preventing replication and expansion, and corporate industry’s leading position intact.
Inner + Exterior double-wheel drive, globalization, the emergence of a giant international van ophthalmology chain hospital, Inc. 2017-10-25. The model of a company-specific hospital chain is highly replicable, except in some cities where it is built on its own.
Through the company’s participation in industry or the M & A fund, ophthalmology hospitals are pre-established or acquired, and when they mature, they are launched. There are currently over 180 hospitals in the country’s listed company system, both inside and outside of the country, covering the country’s 30 provinces and municipalities, and the first nine ophthalmology hospitals were completed in 2017.
On the international level, El ophthalmology acquired the Hong Kong eye chain of medical leading Asian medical groups, and the merger deal with the high-end ophthalmology center of the United States was completed. On August 10th last year, El ophthalmology passed a fully-owned subsidiary.
El-Hong Kong’s subsidiary, El-Europe, completed an offer acquisition of clínica baviera, s.a.86.8% of Europe’s largest ophthalmologist chain. The company moved from China’s mainland to the world, with globalization and the emergence of a giant head of the international van ophthalmology hospital.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings, given the company's absolute leadership position in the ophthalmology chain hospital, and the likely rate of net profit growth of around 35% annually over the next three years, are maintained as “buy-in” ratings.
Medical safety accident risks; new hospitals are not profitable as expected; and supervisory risks are monitored.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.