Branding advantage, high growth driven by rising consumption, and the annual review of
On 20 April, the company published its annual report for 2017, during which it achieved an increase of 33.31 per cent in operating income of $5.96 billion over the reporting period, resulting in a net profit of $776 million for non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies
The number of outpatients and surgeries has increased significantly, with the cumulative increase in consumption leading to a high increase in income. In 2017, the number of company outpatients increased by 5.08 million, or 36.99 per cent in the same year; the number of surgeries increased by 5.18 million, or 37.21 per cent in the same year; the number of door consultations and surgeries has increased by almost six years.
This represents an increase of 49.06%, which is significantly higher than the increase in the number of outpatients and surgeries.
As the world’s largest chain of ophthalmology, brand influence continued to increase the market share of the company. In 2017, the company completed a 75% acquisition of the United States’ awhealthcare management,llc, and a 86.83% acquisition of the largest ophthalmological chain in Europe, clínicabaviera.s.a.
After the acquisition, the company became the world’s largest chain of ophthalmological institutions, completing a web layout across Asia and Europe. As brand dominance evolved, the company had the strength to compete with high-quality public specialized hospitals.
Speeding up the layout of the web site, focusing on local and district hospitals, and it is expected that the collection of cagr will be maintained on the 15th floor of the Central Sea International Centre, 28 Sinrixi Street, in 30% of the western-western area.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.