Internal + extended double-wheel drive Benefit from rising consumption, sustained high growth in performance Maintain high growth and growth in outreach to enhance corporate performance
The company achieved operating income of $5,963 million in 2017, an increase of 49.06 per cent in the same year; the return rate increased by 41.87 per cent in the same year. In 2017, the company accelerated the distribution of the country’s cascaded networks, mainly including: 1) the acquisition of Xianjin El, Xiayang, Dong Yil, Tian-El, Tai, through additional funding.
Former major shareholders (2017 q4) El Conming Eye, Foshan El, Xijiang El, Qing and Lake El: 2) acquired Matsuhara, Guangzhou and Lei Clinics through their own funds. New Wuhan was created.
El Qingshan Clinic, Ningpo Sea Dawn Light Eyes: 3) Completion of 75% equity acquisition of the United States-Aw Corporation through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Aïre, and completion of the offer acquisition of 86.83% of the cb shares in Europe through Sun Corporation, to advance the strategic layout of global development; 4) Medical treatment
The Treatment Industries Merger and Purchase Fund has accelerated the deployment of investments throughout the country to reserve more high-quality mergers and acquisitions for companies, including nine subsidiaries such as the Sumatra El and two overseas companies, such as the Al-Bay and Al-Aw Corporation, which have been ordered to raise funds to buy them, together achieving a net return profit of $977.99 million in 2017, significantly increasing company performance and promising long-term growth.
To benefit from rising consumption, strong endogenous growth capacity, and the same rate of growth of the Leaklight Project, which increased by 52.81 per cent on a year-on-year basis, has benefited mainly from a rapid increase in the number of surges in hospitals in the country, while the proportion of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl, has increased significantly and has grown at the same price.
Increased growth, on the other hand, as a result of the expansion of the current period ' s operations of the European cb merger; 2) Cataract projects have achieved income of 1,417 million yuan, an increase of 44.43 per cent over the same period, benefiting mainly from the rapid growth of the cataract market and high end multi-calored crystals, and a significant increase in the income generated by full-fly second applications, etc.
National hierarchies of network layouts, enhancement of scientific capacity, promotion of internationalization strategies, etc. Continuous integration of ophthalmological resources, upgrading of the company's industry, constant exploitation of the company's potential for endogenous growth in terms of number of outpatients, number of surgical operations, size of income, and expansion of the company's market share.
The Māori rate for the Rhall Project decreased by 1.54 percentage points from the same period in the previous year, mainly due to increases in labour costs, high-end technology-induced increases in material rates. The company’s cost during 2017 was to achieve a closed loop from the project to the infusion of the M&A fund, and the business model was more replicable.
In 2017, the company completed a targeted increase project, raising about $1.7 billion in net funds for projects such as the ophthalmology hospital acquisition project, which enabled the El Industries M & As Fund to operate from the project to the first closed loop of infusion, while introducing nationally and internationally known war investments that would enable the company to integrate high-quality capital in the industry.
The company, as the leader of the country's leading eye hospital, has the advantage of sharing resources, rapid replication of models, multi-level incentives, etc., while the company invests in hospital projects in various locations through industry M&A funds.
Establishment, stockpiling of high-quality M&As, development of which is expected to feed into listed companies over time, and acceleration of the deployment of domestic grids while providing a boost to long-term growth in the performance of companies Corporate risks include, but are not limited to: expansion less than expected; and market competition
Risks: Integration risk: Policy risk: Health risks. Compared to the 18-year median marketed companies, which is 52.76 times higher than the industry average. We believe that corporate performance growth is high, with five ophthalmological rings.
The strategic layout is clear, the national network is being set up at the grass-roots level, and the internationalization process is continuing, and we look forward to the company’s development over the next period and maintain a “increasing” rating.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.