Maintenance of high growth in performance and expected sustained improvement in the city ' s share - first quarter performance forecast for 2018 by El-Ephthalm (3,00015).
During the reporting period, the impact of non-recurrent gains and losses on net profits was around $4 million.
The pace of performance has continued to increase. First, the number of outpatients and surgeries in the company’s hospitals has increased rapidly, the scale of operations has expanded and the internationalization strategy has been successfully implemented. Second, the market share of operations has been rising year by year, with operational efficiency and efficiency achieved as a result of the continued growth of corporate branding.
Song Hong Hin has further increased, ensuring a sustained increase in corporate operating income and net profits. The market capacity for eye consultations is expanding, and the company’s market is rising or rising.
The market for ophthalmology is growing. As companies grow in size and number of consultations, brand advantage will gradually emerge, companies have initially developed with high-quality public medical specialists, and the private market for ophthalmology services is growing rapidly, while companies will continue to build or purchase new ones in the future.
Speeding up the layout of the web site, focusing on local and district hospitals, and it is expected that the collection of cagr will be maintained on the 15th floor of the Central Sea International Centre, 28 Sinrixi Street, in 30% of the western-western area.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.