In China, the company signed a new capital order of 1.43 trillion yuan (+5.9 per cent) in 2018, of which railways, roads, rail exchanges and others.
The new sign-off and road construction orders are down on schedule, but the road order and the ppp show signs of heat in the fourth quarter. The company's new sign-off with the road order fell by 17% and 11%, respectively, throughout the year.
The main reason for the downside of the company's railings and road orders is that, according to our calculations, in 2018, the total stock/flow (million shares) of four quarters of the company's investments (ppp, bot, etc.) led by $22.96 billion was the sum of the previous three quarters.
(a) 2.2 times the 12-month maximum/minimum (millimeter), an increase of 42.9 per cent over the same period, reflecting a marked warming of the company ' s road construction orders and its investment operations since the establishment of the ppp clearing and four-quarter capital replenishment panels;
In the fourth quarter of 2018, industrial warming benefited from the company’s new railway construction order of $119.82 billion, an increase of 20.0 per cent over the previous three quarters, reversing the negative growth trend (–5.9 per cent).
Railway investment has gradually become an important vehicle for the construction of the short-boards, and according to our calculations and statistics, in the fourth quarter of 2018, fixed-asset investment in rail transport grew by 5.2 per cent over the same period, while in the fourth quarter of the Commission, 429.3 billion railway projects, or 38.8 per cent of the total portfolio of priority projects, exceeded 2017.
In addition to the company's new railings in 2018, 642.5 billion municipal works increased by 31.4 per cent over the same period, of which 28.8 billion were signed in the fourth quarter, an increase of 35.4 per cent over the same period, and the full municipal engineering orders supported the company's total order growth in 2018.
The growth in the number of new non-capital orders signed by companies has been steady (+1.9 per cent), while the growth in the manufacturing of parts and components of industrial equipment (+12.6 per cent) and real estate development (+47.1 per cent) has been marked by an increase in the number of new non-capital orders issued by companies each year.
The increase in the proportion of prefabricated components, such as steel structures, and the easing of the slum policy in the first half of 2018 were the reason for the rapid growth of corporate equipment manufacturing and real estate orders. After the temporary suspension of the monetization of the shed, the company signed a new 29 billion yuan real estate development order in the second half of 2018, which was more rapid than ever.
Slow to 42.1%, reflecting, to some extent, the impact of a tightening of real estate policy on companies. 2019 order outlook: a strong rebound in traditional capital and a steady growth in municipal and non-capital operations. Considering the determination of the foundations and the acceleration in the approval of priority projects by the Commission, we believe that
The turning point in the capital sector has gradually arrived, and the company will be a central beneficiary as the capital leader, with road, rail, and rail traffic orders expected to rebound considerably in 2019. At the same time, we believe that although the new bill for municipal construction and other non-capital operations was signed in 2019 due to real estate,
Policy tightening and the high base growth rate in 2018 are likely to slow but remain stable. Competition in the market has deteriorated more than expected; The carry-over rate is lower than expected;
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report