China Sea Oil Clothes (601808) Review Report Recovering the use of self-upgraded platforms, 2021 Drilling Operations Resilient - Strategic Directions Review 2021 China Sea Oil Clothes (601808)
On 5 February 2021, China Sea oil and gas uniforms issued strategic guidelines giving the dynamics of the contract for drilling equipment for 2021, in which the company considered that the “seven-year action plan” of the domestic hydrocarbon company would guarantee a stable environment for offshore oil and gas exploration and exploitation at home and abroad for a certain period of time.
Market value in circulation (millions): The total global expenditure on oil and gas exploration and development in 2021 in US dollars/barrells will increase in comparison with 2020. The seven-year action plan of the domestic hydrocarbon company will guarantee a certain period of favourable weather in the garment industry, China and China.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company’s drilling platform was used as a leading international partner. The 2020 outbreak affected the new crown, international oil prices were at a historic low, global oil and gas companies cut investment spending on a large scale, many businesses in the industry went through bankruptcy restructuring, layoffs, and oilfield services.
Global drilling platforms were used at around 60% in 2020, and mid-sea oil rigs were used at between 70 and 80% as of 2020q3, mainly because China-Sea oil had a capital expenditure similar to that of 2019.
The contract for drilling equipment in 2021 showed a good recovery in the use of the self-propelled platform.
In the interest of market stability, the company's insistence on reducing efficiency gains can reach 90%, reflecting a very high volume of shallow-water oil and gas development. There are currently three semi-submarine units.
During the bidding or negotiation process, the use of the semi-submarine platform, based on the current contract situation of the domestic semi-submarine platform, using stability, waiting for the price of oil to return to the same level as the self-upprising platform 2020.08.27, is not as high as the global need for drilling equipment.
It is also lower than a self-inflicted platform and less than 50 per cent, mainly because deep water development in a low oil-price environment will lead to a significant improvement in company performance during the year, and the seven-year action plan of the domestic hydrocarbon company will guarantee a certain period of time.
The oil prices of Hu Xiaowei have fallen significantly, drilling day rates have been lower than expected, drilling platforms have been used less than expected, and China and China have been using less than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.