China's oil investment has increased, and the company's outlook is good. China's oil suit (601808) 2021 strategic outlook. China's oil 2021 strategic outlook is projected to cost between $90 billion and $100 billion.
China’s oil prices, based on US$50 in oil prices, have significantly exceeded expectations, reaching between US$90 billion and US$100 billion. We expect that the average price of Brent’s oil prices will exceed US$60 in 2021 in the second and third quarters.
China and China will also increase capital spending on oil, which means that investment is expected to be 100 billion yuan a year. It also means that capital spending on oil in mid-2022 will be based on a $60 oil-price scenario, and capital spending will grow again, and is expected to exceed its 2014 record peak of 120 billion yuan.
The benefits have also been more pronounced for contractors: white completion2 and China Sea oil investment structures have been optimized to benefit China Sea oil uniforms, which are dominated by domestic operations.
On the basis of the requirements of domestic energy security and the large number of newly discovered oil and gas fields at the domestic sea, the share of domestic capital expenditure on oil rose by 10 percentage points to 72 per cent in mid-2021 in comparison with the year in which it was discovered, with a 45 per cent increase in domestic capital expenditure corresponding to the same year. We believe that domestic investment accounts for a significantly higher share.
The increase is a long-term trend, and domestic investment in sea oils will continue to increase at a higher rate in the coming years. China’s marine oil garments are the highest market in the country, and the benefits will be more pronounced.3 China’s new oil projects have increased from 10 to 19 and companies have identified production targets for the next three years.
This is an increase of 6 percentage points in domestic production, which will guarantee the long-term workload of the Chinese and China oil uniforms.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Zone, 17th Floor, China Sea International Center, 17th Floor.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.