q4 Performance exceeded expectations and efficiency gains significantly increased profitability
• q4 performance exceeded expectations, and efficiency gains significantly increased profitability. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating The company achieved 28,960 million yuan in 2020, equivalent to -7 per cent; net return to the mother at $2.7 billion, equivalent to +8 per cent; q4 net return to the mother at $549 million, equivalent to +43.1 per cent, ring at +24.6 per cent.
• The industry’s low profile highlights the resilience of performance and the significant increase in profitability of efficiency. The industry’s low performance highlights the resilience of year-round performance: in a low oil price environment, companies such as international counterparts Schlumberger, Baker Hughes, Halliburton, transocean, all show varying degrees of loss, with companies reversible in 2020.
One-time income of $1.47 billion and a crediting asset impairment of $1.47 billion, with an overall negative impact of $160 million, offset by a 1.1 per cent decline in the number of drilling days in 2020 compared to the same period, with a q4-quarter over-expected return to heat. The trend is now: q4 net return of $456 million, excluding the impact of a crediting asset impairment of $600 million.
The non-profit cut-off in business is over $1 billion, which is far beyond market expectations; and the efficiency gains are significant: the cost savings are $2.1 billion through precision control measures such as lower operational subcontracting, lower rental costs, higher turnover of goods, higher self-repair of equipment; and the increase in the Māori ratio of oil field technical plates by 2.4 pct to 28.8 per cent, according to the section.
The increase in the Māori rate for drilling plate (excluded from litigation costs) of 4.8 pct to 16.5 per cent has been structurally enhanced. 2021 drilling plate loads have been saturated and oil capital expenses have continued to benefit from oil plate drilling plate: based on company drilling equipment dynamics (as of 15 March 2021), 2021 since
The use of the upgraded platform calendar day is approximately 85 per cent, with the same ratio +10 ptt. The self-upgrading platform is mainly in the shallow sea, supported by the strong demand for domestic shallow sea extraction by the Chinese Sea oil, and the improvement is evident; the 2021 semi-submarine calendar day is used for the company ' s dictation report - China ' s oil capital spending is exceedingly high
During the negotiations, the current contract utilization rate was affected, on the other hand, by the delay in developing exploration in the deep sea market, due to the rebound in the international market for uniforms and oil prices.
As oil prices go up and down, it is hoped that the difficult and profitable orders will continue to grow as oil prices rise, and we take a look back at the strong correlation between the revenues of the oil plate and the cost of China-China oil capital, which was 900 in mid-2021.
Corporate Three Quarterly Review - Sustaining Performance in Distress