The performance in 2020 was in line with expectations, adhering to technology plus internationalization - the annual report for 2020 on the evaluation of the Chinese suit (601808)
In the late evening of 24 March 2021, China ' s marine oil suits released their annual report for 2020, which states that the industry, which belonged to the mother-in-law in 2020, is gradually emerging from the 2020 valley, according to a report issued by ihsmarkit Consulting, the International Petroleum Corporation ' s exploration and development fund for 2020.
Market value in circulation (millions): When multiple agencies predict that the average oil price of the bert will exceed $50 per barrel in 2021, the global oil field services market environment will recover slowly, and large excess equipment will gradually improve.
Cost controls were excellent, profit rates were steadily rising. In 2020, drilling services generated $11.5 billion, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the previous year, including receipt of $13.3 billion, a decrease of 11.5 per cent over the previous year in oil field technical services.
Under this control, the Māori rate for drilling services and oilfield technical services reached 26 per cent and 29 per cent, respectively, up from 14.3 pct and 2.4 pct, excluding the impact of settlement income, and the Māori rate for drilling services continued to rise.
Corporate sales and management costs are well controlled, while companies and some of their subsidiaries again receive a 15 per cent preferential tax on corporate income tax between 2020 and 2022 through high-tech certification, and actively expand their overseas markets by upgrading their operational capabilities through autonomous research and development of technological equipment.
Domestic offshore oil companies are firmly committed to the two strategies of “technology development, internationalization” with 1.3 billion yuan in research and development in 2020, representing 4.5 per cent of revenue, and some of the results of research and development fill the national technology gap.
On the other hand, the "coslconfidence" and "cosl3" high-quality drilling operations received written letters of appreciation from clients in the Americas, and the performance and ability of the technical services also won the recognition of multiple international clients in the field.
It was possible, and obtained, a letter of award from a new client for a solid-well operation, a new round of cable-testing services in Asian blocks, a successful contract for a solid-well-drilling integrated-well service in Asia and a two-year contract for a solid-well service.
The authors, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, are diligent, professional, independent, and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.