Increase R & D to reduce the cost of additional up-to-date production services - China Oil Clothes (6010808) Annual Report 2021 Net profit of company shareholders net of non-recurring gains and losses of $2.31 billion, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period; operating activities
In mid-2021, China’s oil capital spending will reach US$90 billion to US$100 billion, with investment focused more on domestic operations. In mid-2021, domestic oil capital spending increased by 45% over the same period, from 10 to 19 new projects, and companies identified production targets for the next three years, with a 6 percentage point increase in domestic production.
2- The impact of the epidemic has resulted in a slight decline in corporate operating income, but the Māori rate of the main business continues to rise.Backwater completion. Oilfield Services is the company’s largest operating block, generating $13.32 billion in 2020, a decline of 11.6 per cent, Māori.
The impact of the United States dollar was that the company's well-drilling billboards had increased by 5.8 per cent from the same year, with a 13.9 per cent increase in Māori measured if settlement revenues were eliminated and 2.2 percentage points from the same year; and the company had not returned to normal usage rates and operating prices for part of the group's large equipment during the same year.
The loss of $1.47 billion in impairment of assets was recorded.2 Companies increased their investment in research and development to provide technical security for increasing production.In 2020, they invested $540 million in research and development, an increase of $400 million compared to the previous year, and tested and formed a group of direct products.
The results of the technical equipment of the field service, which served to increase the production of the oil fields, provided technical support in the areas of deep sea, dense oil heat, low seeps, high temperature pressure, etc.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, Law, uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.