Performance meets expectations, core-beneficiary health-care catalogues are adjusted, leading to rapid growth of the industrial plate.
Xu Wangyang Huadong Pharmaceuticals has a core of more than a billion species, mainly 100 million capsules and Acapose.
The annual health insurance catalogue has been adjusted and the use of the 100% capsule has been transferred from the oncological aid to the gas-blood double supplement, which has helped to promote the use of the 100% capsule, extending from the kidneys to the respiratorys to other sections.
In 2017, the company's 100% capsules were expected to grow at an overall rate of more than 20% through end-use and expansion of capacity. The company's Acarbo sugar was adjusted from class B to class A, so the entire Acarbo sugar market was able to produce a volume effect as the terminal payments were adjusted. According to pdb data, the company's Acarbo sugar market took over.
The hospital's sales amounted to $6.998 million, an increase of 4.76 per cent over the previous year, and Acapose sugar sales will accelerate as health insurance is adjusted and tendered.
Growth Market Integration + Innovation for Business Stability - The Super-Performance 2016 company, the most full variety, the highest volume of organ transplants and home-grown diabetic drugs, has formed a stable product ladder.
The company’s immunosuppressants consist mainly of Tecmos, cycloseptocin, and whether to replace McCorb esters. The first two types of medicines have been modified to remove the applicable conditions, and the market is expected to expand.
The initial development of the project led to the launch of phase II of the Jiangdong project and the construction of the China-China East Integrated Quality Control Building, the promotion of new products, the successful implementation of research and development, the completion of the first phase of the project and the implementation of the four intermediate pilot centres for diabetics, small-molecular drugs, microbiological solids, and the provision of site security for the company's scientific approval.
A strong and powerful increase in corporate overall profitability, with a growing net interest rate on the Māori rate.
In order to revitalize business, the company has made significant efforts to increase the opening rate of primary hospitals in the province, the regional distribution ratio, and the proportion of people in the courthouse, to work actively on customer-friendly services and market staff, and to assist manufacturers in market access and re-arrangement.
The major changes in business patterns in Zhejiang Province following the formal implementation of the two-vote system, the “weaving of the web” initiative, the improvement of the distribution chain layout in the province of Huadong Business, the acceleration of the acquisition negotiation process, the conclusion of negotiations and the signing of an agreement on the reorganization of the stockholdings of the Chinese Medical Corporation and the Sanchenthai Medical Corporation in the Shoan Region, and the intensification of business expansion and cooperation in other parts of the province.
Building on existing operations, a major effort has been made to expand the market share of private hospitals and to do a major job in the marketing of pharmaceutical products in deep private hospitals. Further efforts have been made to promote the model of hosting cooperation with private hospitals for the purchase of medicines and to expand services such as marketing of medicines (logistics).
In the first half of 2017, the company invested $164 million in R & D, an increase of 67.35% over the previous year, which strongly supported the company’s project R & D and innovation development. Of this, the consistency evaluation of Acapo sugar products is progressing as expected and is currently in be clinical research; The cyclosultane has completed preparations for the upcoming Be Clinical Study: there has also been positive progress in overseas registration certification, and the platinum.
Lisso needles have been examined on-site at fda in the United States of America, and are awaiting final clearance. His Kmos capsule clinical laboratory study abroad has been successfully completed, with applications from the United States of America are scheduled to be submitted in the second half of the year; preparations for applications from the United States of America for products such as datomoxin, Acapose sugar, etc. are proceeding as planned.
Figure 5: Corporate R & D costs. The company, with the strong support of the large group of shareholders in China, is also actively pursuing research and contacts in a variety of ways and channels to identify potential investors and buyers in the development strategy of domestic and foreign companies, as well as new drug cooperation projects, with a view to their development in the external context.
There can be a new breakthrough in the development of new drug models. The subsidiaries of Central America and the East China, with 80 million and 30 million recipients, respectively, are the nine sources of genetics and the Lilarupine Clinical Packages of the New Medicines Institute of the China-East Medicine Group, and the new drug technology of the West Coast, where Lilarupine is a large sugar-reducing variety, and where the company’s oncology product lines are enriched.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: US$. We believe that the restructuring of health insurance catalogues and the bidding of medicines will lead to the release of pharmaceutical products from companies with a rich stock of varieties that will provide the potential for the company to develop, as a regional leader in the flow of medicines in Zhejiang province, and that the commercial integration of medicines brought about by the policy
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. First-line products such as 100% capsules, Acapose sugar are being promoted less than expected; “two votes” are being reached less than expected; and R & D is being developed less quickly than anticipated.