Industrial plates maintain a faster rate of growth, performance is largely in line with expectations, with a slight fall in the cost rate during the period. Income increases are higher than in the pharmaceutical business, leading to an increase in the overall Māori rate of the company; and the cost of the period.
The utilization rate was 16.69 per cent, a 0.57 per cent decrease in the same year, with sales, management, financial industry operations: priority varieties benefited from health insurance catalogue adjustments and are expected to grow rapidly and continuously (2017 q2) among major shareholders
In 2017, the company achieved income of $3.58 billion for the pharmaceutical industry, which was increased by the same amount. The capsule benefited from the first phase of the company's Jiangdong project, which effectively alleviated the problem of production capacity by adding a hundred-dollar capsule.
The Department of Income Structure (2017h1) has been working to expand the grass-roots and otc markets, and we expect the company's 100% capsules to increase their income this year.
In the last six months, stocks have increased compared to 300 depths, and the proportion of imported substitutes is expected to increase; 3) immunosulfides: his caps and his caps have been removed from the new health insurance catalogue and expanded as the company grows.
In the field of immunization treatment, it is expected to continue to grow at a relatively rapid rate, with a rich stock of products and an active outreach of priority products to overseas certification companies that invested $164 million in research and development in 2017, an increase of 67.81 per cent over the previous year, accounting for the company's medical services.
The company's priority research and development projects in the first half of the year are progressing well: 1) Akapo Sugar, Datomoxin certified through gmp: 2) New drug Myb/iia for the treatment of late stage non-small cell lung cancer has been conducted in ib/iia clinical trials: 3) The company has been given priority for diabetic products
Clinical approvals for Lilalupi injection of new liquid drugs have been initiated and a clinical study has been initiated; 4) Pelican needles have been examined on-site at fda in the United States of America and are awaiting final clearance
Through; 5) Hecmore's capsule has completed an overseas clinical trial and is scheduled to submit a U.S.-anda application in the second half of the year; 6) Acapose is in the Be phase of the consistency evaluation, promising year.
A robust medium- and long-term growth benefit from a health-care catalogue adjustment, completed at the bottom, and cyclicsil is about to start a Be clinical study. We believe that the company has multiple heavy-pound stocks of products, while actively developing overseas certification of priority products, and is expected to continue to be a company in the future.
The pharmaceutical industry provided a boost. “Two votes” in Zhejiang province was introduced in August, and companies were expected to benefit from the policy dividend.
Primary health-care institutions, increasing regional distribution ratios. According to the "two votes" opinion on drug procurement in public health-care institutions throughout the province, published in June by six ministries, including Zhejiang Provincial Commission for the Care of Planaries, the "two votes" was introduced in public health-care institutions throughout the province on 1 August.
To encourage other medical institutions to implement a “two-vote” system. The company has accelerated industrial mergers and acquisitions, and has now completed the negotiation and contracting of an intention to restructure the stockholding of Chishanchang medicine and Tsaishan medicine to improve the distribution chain layout in Zhejiang province. In addition, the company has made great efforts to diversify the market share of private hospitals.
Private hospital drug sales. We believe that the company, as a leading drug-flowing company in Zhejiang province, is expected to further increase its market share in the province by virtue of its size and channel advantage, leading to a robust growth in the pharmaceutical business.
Industry policy risks, such as double-ticketing, lower prices for medicines; less than expected sales of priority products; less than expected risks in product development and development; less than expected risks in product certification abroad; 25.81 times the median market gain; and a slightly lower market gain than the industry average.
To: 1) the company ' s priority products benefit from a long-term restructuring of the health-care catalogue, adding up the company ' s outreach offices, reserves and continuous promotion of the overseas certification of priority products, with the expectation that it will continue to provide a driving force for industrial operations; 3) the company, as a leading pharmaceutical business leader in Zhejiang province, has a competitive in-country presence
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.