The growth in the performance of medical organisms in China’s medicine industry (000963), with a high concentration of industrial varieties, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company achieved business income of 14.9 billion yuan by 2017h1, an increase of 15.1 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of 10.4 billion yuan, an increase of 26.5 per cent in the same year, net profit for non-retroactivity of 1.03 billion yuan, an increase of 26.8 per cent in the same year, an increase of 14.2 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of 50 million yuan, an increase of 28.1 per cent in the same year, and profit for q2 at an increase rate of 28.1 per cent in the same year
Faster than q1:2) corporate financial costs of 2017q2 were $10.82 million (-11 per cent) lower than those of 2016q2, sales cost increased by 9 per cent and sales cost increased at a slower rate than revenue; 3) lower financial costs were the result of reduced liabilities and a stable overall operating position as fixed increases became available.
Industry as a whole has grown by more than 20% and industrial products are more visible. 1) The immunosuppressant line is bright, the whole body growth rate is about 30%, and it's constantly accelerating, with cyclosultocin increasing by about 20%, and he's doing it because the price of the tender in Beijing has fallen, while the news is that before the launch of the new health insurance catalogue, it's pretty good.
The elimination of some of the distributors has had an impact on sales, while 2.23 new health insurance catalogues not only have not been removed, but also have had a positive impact on the subsequent market by moving from oncology-assisted drugs to double-breeding. A full recovery is expected in the second half of the year, with a peak of 5 billion dollars for the product; and 4.
After the new version of the catalogue of base medicines in the year, the grass-roots market has grown, and companies have increased their sales to the grass-roots level in the last two years, expanding their marketing and market coverage; (5) the income of the thorranium is close to 20%, and the annual income of the dato mesin is expected to reach 50 million. The overall rate of industrial growth is generally stable.
In 2020, the industrial target was $10 billion, with the new health insurance catalogue benefiting significantly. 1) In the next three years, the Acadre is included, the blood plate condensation inhibitor bofin is unique, followed by super antibiotics, datomoxin, and the western side of the country is anti-cancer and immunostatic. 100% capsule classification has been transferred from neocancer-aided to gas-breeding.
Remedial, unrestricted; Acapose, modified from Healthcare Class B to Class A; cytogen, Tac, Moc, and Xinglicone have all removed the adaptive restrictions. This follow-on marketing of company products will be a breakthrough in 2017. 1) The company ' s international certification process is now well under way and has completed the entropy.
In the United States of America, the head of the Liso pollinator country submitted and accepted a request for ada, which is expected to be passed in three quarters; (2) his Clomos capsule clinical research abroad was initiated and clinical trials are now well under way.
Luang, build 5 billion diabetes product lines (2017-06-09) 3. Huadong Medicines (000963).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.