Low-value pole performance is rising at the rate expected, and core varieties are still expected to accelerate in the future.
Chinese medicine (000963), mid-2017. Chinese medicine published its semi-annual report for 2017. In the first half of 2017, the company achieved operating income of $14,091 million, an increase of 15.09 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,041 million, an increase of 26.53 per cent over the same period.
In addition to this, the company sells more than a billion species of cysts (more than 20%), and has also sold more than a billion species of cysts.
For McCorb esters (over 30%), for takmos (over 40%), the digestive system proton pump inhibitor thorium (+20%) Acapose is likely to rise to 30% in the future, driven by policies such as consistency evaluation, health care payment standards, etc., and is expected to hold.
Continued import substitution (with a strategic purchase agreement of 480 million raw materials with Lédard, the company’s confidence in the future continued growth of the varieties) is expected to sustain a 20% growth in the company’s second-line varieties. The 100% capsule capacity problem is resolved, and it is expected to accelerate to over 20% in the future.
Business-side companies, as leading pharmaceutical businesses in Zhejiang Province, have a lot to look at in the future, and as the development of innovative business models and innovative business practices, such as health clinics, medicine and the United States, and the “triple-up” policy move forward, business-level growth will remain steady at 10-15% in the future. With a financial cost of $5,048 million for the period, the improved financial situation resulting from a total increase of $3.5 billion remains to be seen.
The first step towards internationalization was the formation of a product ladder; corporate R & D investment was gradually increasing, with R & D spending rising by 67.81 per cent in the first half of the year, or 459 per cent of industrial income; in the case of the consistency evaluation, the consistency evaluation of Acapo sugar products was well under way, a clinical study was under way, and cyclosultocin had completed the relevant validation.
The company's products are well-structured and the ladders are gradually forming.
The company has completed work in connection with the supply of raw materials from the New Medicines Institute of the East China Medical Group and the production of injections. The company has now submitted to the National Drug Control Service a request for a transfer of the code. The company has also completed work in connection with the release of the diabetic priority product Lilalu Pine from Hangzhou Genetic Engineering Co. Ltd.
In the first half of the year, the company was able to obtain two clinical prescriptions for two new drugs for the Kaglé Net A and A and the Dabavansin and its frozen dry powder needles, which are about to begin clinical trials. In the case of innovative drugs, a new drug for the treatment of late non-small cell lung cancer, a new drug, Maihua for Neb/a, is now undergoing clinical trials for type 2 diabetes.
The first step in the internationalization of the company has been taken, with the company’s head-in-country submitting a request for ada to the United States, and is currently awaiting final clearance through an on-site examination of the fda in the United States of America.
The research has been successfully completed and plans to submit US-anda applications in the second half of the year. Preparations for US-anda applications for products such as datocin and Acapose are proceeding as planned.
Table 1: China's progress in developing its own products, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
High growth in heart varieties benefits from health insurance catalogues and consistency evaluations, and businesses benefit from a “third-class” combination, improved asset condition after increased distribution, and international expansion is expected. We look forward to the company’s long-term development and maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the Yang Yang
The first team leader, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball team in 2015. Pharmacists of Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacy of Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology of Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics of Beijing University, and Sons of Kings Business School.
There's a deeper and more geologic understanding of the industry as a whole, and there's more in-depth research and insight into the industry as a whole.
An in-depth study and an in-depth opinion, an analysis of your own research views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.