Events: On 30 August, the construction bank issued a 22h1 report, which collected $43,597 million, yoy+4.7%; Performance maintained, with net interest income holding up the big picture. 22h1 company collected, returned, net profit increased by a similar rate of q1 ring, 2.5%, and 1.2%, showing greater resilience.
Quicker Ring Ratio-0.9 pct, due mainly to the decline in income from bank card charges affected by the epidemic; other non-interest-bearing income, low growth rate, ring-13.9 pct, where income from insurance operations is negative growth due to the same growth in subsidiary operations and +35 per cent, while returns on investment, etc., are subject to volatility in capital markets, and benefit from steady asset size
The credit has expanded steadily, outlining the “second development curve.” 22h1 corporate loans, total assets, increased at a rate of \triangleright.
In areas such as industry, medium- and long-term loans in manufacturing, loans in strategic and emerging industries, and loans in technology and technology grew by 24 per cent, 27 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, well above the increase in total loans; in retail, housing rental + cancellation
Favourable finance, a steady construction of the “building of the industry identity” large wealth management system, with 22h1 retailing aum exceeding $16 trillion, a non-intensity accounting balance of $21,516.6 billion, a net value-based product of 95.14 per cent and a research assistant of +289 pct at the beginning of the year.
The Housing Tenancy Strategy, which, by the end of June, covered 96% of the country's administrative districts and above, resulted in a 35.3% increase in the housing rental loan balance over the 21st year, a sustained improvement in the company's digitally inclusive financial model, and an increase in the country's capacity to revitalize services.
Financial science and technology strategy, with companies fully advancing their financial science and technology strategy and enabling high-quality business development. 1. Building banks (601939.sh) 2021, detailed: loan return ratio - 2bp, but benefiting from asset restructuring (average balance of loans as compared to interest-bearing asset ratio).
Compared to the 2021 ring ratio + 8.6 pct), the asset rate of return reversed by 1 bp to ease the narrow pressure on net interest differentials; The liability cost ratio ring + 5 bp, mainly due to the periodicization of deposits and increased competition in the market.
Mortgage, credit card failure rates have increased since the beginning of the year, but the risk of corporate lending has slowed down the quality of assets.
Long curve; asset structure continues to improve, supporting asset end-of-end rate of return; asset quality is stable, yielding 0.5 times 22 years pb as at 30 August of the year, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Figure 2: Growth in the performance of construction banks up to 22h1 per year (single season) Figure 3: Construction banks ' net interest income up to 22h1 and median income up to 4: Construction banks ' other non-interest income up to 22h1 per year Figure 5: Construction banks ' loans up to 22h1 and total assets up to 22h1 per year
Figure 6: Construction bank deposits as at 22h1 and total liabilities as at rate of increase, Figure 8: Construction bank housing rental loan balance as at 22h1 Figure 9: Construction bank balance as at 22h1
Figure 10: Average bank loans, interest-bearing assets per year increase, Figure 11: Dismantling of construction banks at both ends of the 22h1 net interest gap, Figure 12: Construction banks at the end of the 22h1 assets increase at the same rate
Figure 16: Build bank coverage and loan allocation ratio up to 22h1 Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.