The country's first search engine, similar to the newbing, was released on March 29, 2023.
In the 360-new search interactive question-and-answer session, seven random questions were answered, and the accuracy rate was still above 85%. As can be seen from the presentation, 360 new searches were collected and counted.
Analysis and chatting, among other functions, are in the same position as the big model of the country, and as the country’s first to demonstrate its capacity as a product in a live demonstration. Differences at the heart of its own strategy make Microsoft different from Googlei business models.
The model of chhatgpt, gpt-4 and even copilot uses a person not as a flow but as an enabler to enter the product line. According to the indexing of Microsoft's total revenue of $8.8 billion in 2022, advertising income is only about 6%, and a person pushes to lower advertising or liquidity income does not.
Instead of affecting the overall income of Microsoft, it benefits from a substantial increase in the value of the combination of product lines. A review of the Google model, with flow realization as the main profit point, advertising accounts for nearly 80% of the total, and natural lack of ai+ search power.
Chatgpt uses to a certain extent to prevent users from clicking on Google links with advertisements, thus Google, and one of the key current investments is to increase the productivity and effectiveness of the company ' s technological infrastructure through the use of ai technology and automation, as well as the Microsoft model of the 360-comprehensive layout of the platform.
\triangleright with fewer malicious hits, real and efficient search competition, with the largest search portal browser, user experience of 1.3660 (601360.sh) company comment:chatgp
The advertising business itself is tied to its own applications, and not a 100-degree ad bid model 2.3660 (601360.sz) dynamic report: a new business input.
After the launch of the newbing, more than seven times the volume of downloads should rise, and the current node 360 search market is expected to increase equally after the release of the new search mode. From the company’s full layout at end c, end sme, and end b&g, it is expected to accelerate the follow-up process by symmetrically aligning with Microsoft’s roll-out of products and services.
Investment proposals: 3600 as the first two of the country’s search engines, in addition to the availability of big common data, rediscovering the state and the tech giants’ arithmetic links to the arms race, building the three core capabilities of algorithm + data + arithmetic, which in itself has a natural scarcity. This time, as the country’s first to publish a search similar to the newbing.
Large model companies with engines and a live demonstration are expected to open the scene of an era that is destabilizing the search logic. Watching the company’s central position in the process, the company is expected to earn 95, 122, 14.4 billion dollars in 2022-2024: the Microsoft and Google models of the one platform.
The Microsoft model, which focuses on search + application, does not focus on flow realization and places the ai as an enabler in the product lines. Productivity and business processes, smart clouds, and personal computing devices are the three core operations of Microsoft. 1) Productivity and business process panels
Blocks, including office 365, linedin, dynamics 365, erp and crm; 2) smart cloud blocks, including the azure cloud platform, the visualstudio developers platform, the head office for the cloud server, the surface hardware, the Xbox mainframe, etc. In 2022, sector growth boosted revenue by $30.2 billion.
In the United States dollar, the increase was 18 per cent; in productivity and business flow income increased by $9.449 billion, or 18 per cent, by office 365, marketable, linkedin and others; and in the culture and other cloud services, smart cloud income increased by $5,562 million, or 10 per cent.
Figure 1: Microsoft ' s main income and operating profits in 2022, according to the annual revenue of Microsoft in 2022 of $8.8 billion, which is only about 2.2 per cent of total global digital advertising expenditure, compared to Google ' s total digital advertising expenditure last year
Microsoft's introduction of ai+search is the beginning of an enterprise's ai layout, which quickly completes the integration of the product lines within six months, integrates chhatgpt into binting, edge browsers, copilot applications, etc., and creates final software such as bussinesschat.
In the end, the world’s income has increased considerably from a combination of product lines. Figure 2: Companies with global net revenue from digital advertising of more than $10 billion in 2022, note: includeadvertishatatatatatarsondesktopopoplaptopcomputersaswellasmobilephones, tablets, and
Othersinternet-connecteddevices, andincludesallvariousformsofadvertisingonthoseplatforms; netad revenuesaftercompaniespaytrafficacquists(tac)topartners; libabatalincludesyoudoutou; bytestotaldoesnotincludesmellerpropertidesinsideinasuchasoutiaoandbaike
Insider intelligence 1.2 Google model based on advertising
Google advertising contributed nearly 80%. Google Service (googleservices) q4 combined, according to Google's fourth quarter of 2022, received $67,838 million, a decrease of 2.3% from the same year.
The fourth quarter of Google search and other operations received $42,604 million, compared to $43,301 million in the previous year; and the YouTube advertising business received $7,963 million, compared to $8,633 million in the previous year.
The advertising industry contributed 77.58 per cent of the total revenue. Figure 3: Google ' s fourth quarter 2022 q4202Supplementalinformation (inmilleons, exceptformbefemployees; unaudied)
The growth in advertising has slowed slightly, and cloud operations have become an important part of its development. According to their financial reports, in the fourth quarter of 2022q, cloud revenues reached $7.32 billion, an increase of 32 per cent over the same period.
The basic architecture and data analysis platform (gcp, Google Cloud platform), as well as productivity and collaboration tools (googleworkspace), provided to business clients, is on a long-term upward trend due to increasing client adoption. Meanwhile, according to Canalys, Google is ranked third in the global market share of q4 in 2022.
Up to 10%, as its search business matures, cloud business is also considered the best option for Google to grow. Sridharamaswamy, former head of Google's advertising team, said that the use of chhatgpt prevented users from clicking on Google links with ads to a certain extent.
An answer-and-answer search format allows users to get information more quickly and directly. "If they're embedded in Microsoft's search engine, nobody wants to use Google." In response, Google launched a "red code" in an internal cloud department called "atlas."
The project's chat robot, Apprentice Bud, has made it possible to respond to recent events by using Google's dialogue application language model, lamda, which also shows that “the future portfolio may change, and companies will reduce capital spending on office facilities.
One of the key investments is to increase the productivity and efficiency of the company's technological infrastructure using ai technology and automation.” Figure 4: Dialogue on Pluto based on the landa model
Google, as a former flow maker, is committed to building an industry-wide chain-ai platform to maintain senior flow and realize business systems. Google's search operations generated $16.145 billion in 2022, with an average income of 1.61 cents per inquiry, based on a business architecture centred on flow makeover.
A single search earns only 0.002 cents, or even less, of the power of the ai+ search. The company has a significant lead in the bottom-of-ai technology layout, but has less innovation to apply and is not willing to destabilize the flow-to-business system.
2.1 Compared to 100 degrees, 3600 is more in line with Microsoft mode as head of a domestic search engine, 100 degrees to 360, compared with Google and Microsoft from the very beginning. 100 degrees compete with Google as the most powerful manufacturer of domestic and international search engines.
The advertising industry has a large share, and for the time being it has no incentive to subvert the search engine pattern. Similar to Google, 100-degree textual products have not been built into the search, so it is clear that they are unable to discard the large gains from competitive advertising and that they are naturally lacking the core motivation to create a new pattern of search engines.
In contrast, Microsoft, as the second-highest search manufacturer worldwide, maintains a high strategic level of planning for obtaining a larger share of the search, thus leading the global roll-out of the newbing model that changes the current search logic. As of March 20, data show that Microsoft's launch of its AI version on February 7 should be searched.
Since then, the number of page views required has risen by 15.8 per cent, while Google's page views have fallen by almost 1 per cent. Meanwhile, data from the Applied Research Corporation, da-ta.ai, show that, following the integration of artificial intelligence, the number of downloads of global applications required by Microsoft bing has jumped sevenfold, and the number of downloads of Google search applications has declined by 2 per cent over the same period.
Figure 5: I-powerdbingscorchespastgoogle ben' strafficgrot performsgoogleaftermicroftintgratedaiinitsseerchininearfineb
Figure 6: Bingappdownloads jumpterataintion googleappdownloadsfell 2% atermicrosoftededededopenai'sgptitoitssearchingbing
2.23660: Strategic Microsoft, which should be used for searching. Strategicly, 3600 full-scale Microsoft, which is designed to produce full-face layout large-language model technology at the end of an enabling c, sme and b&g. On the search, the country's first-ever implementation of the newbing search was launched.
Three hundred and sixty new searches. Breaking through its three main lines of business: security operations, Internet operations, and smart hardware business building company business blueprints. With the global giants focusing on chhatgpt at the center of their investment layout in the ai area, three hundred and sixty more R & D inputs, and a series of gpt applications are planned to be launched in the near future, along with layout c,
sme end, g end and b end. 1) toc end, the company will introduce a new generation of ai search lead, ai browser, ai personal assistant, etc., based on Microsoft newsbing;
2) Tosme end, the company will roll out saas vertical applications such as the generation of the ai office suite, the i-business instant communication tool, such as "pushing" and "soda office packages" for the generation ai end; 3) tog&b end, the company will put in place the most complete security big data in the country, as well as the most powerful security specialist capabilities
To empower 360 secureai, plans are under way to introduce the privatization of the enterprise ' s anai service in conjunction with digital security operations. Figure 7: Open platform 3601ai, 29 March, at a launch meeting to uncover its large model strategy, and to demonstrate 360 new searches
Function. At the 360 new search interactive question-and-answer session, seven random questions were answered, and only one of the topics was biased, but the accuracy rate was still above 85%. As can be seen from the presentation, 360 new search functions in data collection, data analysis, and chatting are already in the same position as the larger models in the country.
Figure 8: Real-time presentations of thinking issues, Figure 9: Real-time presentations of what has just emerged - why should training be suspended for gpt-5?
The difference in advertising patterns between 360 and 100 degrees is the firm’s ultimate bottom line that dares to take the lead in changing the logic of searching. From both, it can be seen that 100% is highly dependent on competitive advertising revenue, while 360% is embedded in a safe “family drum” product through a product-enabling advertising business.
Differences in the strategic layout determine that there is a natural resistance to moving away from competitive advertising to a new search logic, while 360 is more willing to practise Microsoftnewbing in order to increase the share of the search. At the current node, the shift is either to a new search logic or will directly add to it.
Three hundred and sixty new searches for Microsoft newbing have the power and power to subvert the search engine. Ai enabling c, sme, and b&g end, full layout type gpt application. Three hundred and sixty are leading in the field of Internet algorithms. Security, Internet operations, and smart hardware are the company’s three core operations.
The giants, with chatagpt as the core of their investment layout in the ai area, have also increased their R & D inputs, and have recently planned to launch a series of gpt-type applications, along with layout c, sme, g and b end. 1) toc end, the company will launch a new generation of generation ai search quotes based on Microsoft newbing mode
(b) 2) Tosme ends, companies will launch saas vertical applications such as the generation of the ai office suite and the i-business instant communication tool, such as the "pushing" and "soda office suites" of the generation ai 's instant communication tool;
3) Tog&b end, the company gives the country's most complete security data and the most powerful security specialist capabilities to 360 secureai and plans to roll out the company's privatized ai service in conjunction with the digital security business. 360 is the first two search engine in the country, focusing on the layout countries in addition to the availability of big generic data.
The building of the three core capabilities of algorithms + data + arithmetic, along with the technology giants, is in itself a natural scarcity. And this big modeling enterprise, which is the first in the country to publish a search engine similar to newbing and demonstrate it, is expected to open the scene of an era that is destabilizing the search logic.
At the heart of this picture is expected to be $95,122,144 million in corporate revenue for 2022-2024, with net profit return policies falling short of expectations; increased competition in the industry. 1) The policy falls short of expectations: domestic hardware and software are not yet available in terms of product performance and ecology.
Big, but benefiting from national production policies, which drive up market shares year after year, less progress than expected in subsequent national production support policies may lead to slower progress in domestic production of software and hardware, affecting prospects for growth in corporate performance. 2) Increased competition in the industry: currently domestic production of software and hardware does not show a clear pattern, chips, databases, etc.
Industries such as operating systems are still highly competitive, and increased competition in subsequent industries may affect the level of the company ' s Māori rate and consequently the profitability of the company concerned.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.