The six-monthly annual report for 2018 has been published by the Ministry of Finance, and the company's operating income of 2018h1 has increased by 0.2 per cent from the previous year.
Rendering $2.07 billion, an increase of 0.8 per cent in the same year, total assets of $33.673 billion, an increase of 12.3 per cent in the same year; and net parent assets of $67.480 billion, a rise in the same year, a large-scale rise in space that would put some pressure on the ps in a short period of time, but we believe that the heavy assetization of the coupons will become a trend in the industry and will be achieved through a proactive increase in leverage.
\triangleright \Oriental financial and intellectual booms at the income end of \triangleright \
The relative growth of 47.3 per cent was a slow or declining increase in the average income of light asset-type operations (brokering - 7.8 per cent, investment - 24.7 per cent, combined with a combination of different lines of business, companies continued to achieve a positive increase of 0.8 per cent in net return profits during the overall downturn in the 2018h1 stock market.
\triangleright bit rental income of $2.15 billion, a decrease of 10.7 per cent over the same period, of which seat rental income increased by 30.3 per cent over the same period and represented a significant decline in the overall share of the brokerage business.
\triangleright has experienced a much smaller decline. With a significant 31% reduction at the cost end and a 5.7 to 37.8% increase in operating profit margins, the large reduction in costs will contribute to the performance of the company during a period of market downturn, but because the human cost of investing in the business is a fixed-cost feature, in the case of
The period of market recovery will also make it easier to miss market opportunities and test the company’s level of business performance. • The proactive transformation of the management business has begun to yield significant growth in business income. 2018h1, the net revenue from the management of corporate assets is $540 million (excluding \triangleright).
We note that while corporate ownership has grown steadily, the cost of managing it has declined significantly, taking into account the reliance of active management capacity on the system, companies will be investing in the future.
The cost of running the business is expected to pick up, credit operations are growing rapidly and business risks are stable. 2018h1, the company’s credit operations achieve revenue of $3.44 billion and buy financial assets for resale \triangleright
The investment business is the bright spot for the company in the first half of the year. According to the company announcement, the net capital share of 2018h1 is 23.96%, and the dynamic change in the distribution of self-owned assets compared to that of the superior is consistent with the market segmentation structure of 2018h1.
Compared to +18.7%, the upgrading of financial instruments holding period gains (as compared with +82.5%) has been accompanied by only minor fair value change losses (approx. loss using profit statement fair value changes, changes in other combined returns, and changes in fair value as a whole). We look forward to investment business development under firm re-assessing trends, as well as to growth in size and income following the transformation of management operations.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the further contraction of stock markets, the risk of volatility in the self-employment market, the risk of stock pledge, the source of the financial boom in the East.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. 2014 million information year: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurately in Real Estate." 2016: Research Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate.
Graduated from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, and master's degree from Beijing University. Has worked for many years in Tetsu, Yunfeng Finance, Hong Kong. A great deal of work and research has been done in the fields of Internet finance and finance technology.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.