Company rating: Self-employment, and a regressive growth in the equity sector outperformed the industry's performance.
The net profit from the return to the mother of Zhang is 2,066 million yuan, an increase of 0.76 per cent over the year; basic eps 0.09 dollars, a decrease over the same year, is driven by the fact that the company performed better than the industry average.
2) The negative growth in net income from investment transactions and management operations of 37.06 per cent and 41.13 per cent notwithstanding market shocks and low index performance, the firm ' s investment transactions registered a negative growth. In the first half of 2018, net revenues from corporate investment transactions of 2,166 million yuan, a year-on-year increase
37.06%. The company ' s investment transactions continue to promote the transition from traditional self-employment to the strategic objective of integrated trading and coordinated services, while at the same time focusing on capital markets, investment layout, the formation of trading assets, the development of export resources for securities companies, and the economic development of the entity.
In the first half of 2018, net corporate management revenue was $543 million, an increase of 41.43 per cent over the same period. With the new rules of capital management, companies have been actively engaged in deepening their business transformation, optimizing their business structures, taking the initiative to manage a robust growth in size, and continuing to rank fourth in industry.
3) Brokering operations are subject to a fall in market incentives and commission rates, with net interest earnings falling by 28.91%. Corporate brokerage revenues have continued to decline in the first half of 2018, as a result of a combination of factors such as the continuing downturn in commission rates, central bank deleveraging measures, and the warming of China-United States trade.
4) In response to the impact of the regulatory environment, the net income from the operations of the IPA fell by 30.82 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the impact of the ipo and financial deleveraging environment resulted in a 2.31 per cent reduction in the income from the company ' s operations: the new three-board business continued to maintain a market lead, with seven level-I market pushes completed in the first half of the year
In the reporting period, the company completed a non-public distribution of nearly $12 billion, of which $10 billion.
For replenishment of capital, expansion of credit transactions, development of strong institutions for marketing transactions, expansion of investment transactions, active development of Internet finance operations and steady advancement of international business layouts: $2 billion for business investment, industrial mergers and acquisitions, and diversified financial layouts.
The company, as a large portfolior, has a strong capital and a diversified business structure, backed up by the construction of silver investments and central remittance major shareholders, is expected to benefit from resource support and strategic synergies under the banner of shareholders.120
It is hoped that a billion-dollar increase will open the door to corporate business development and further increase profitability.