Wang Wei-chul (002415.sz) c0062@capital.com.tw
The domestic market is warming, overseas demand is rising, and the return on taxes is expected to be accounted for in 2017: throughout the year, domestic security needs are warming, especially with the recovery of public security needs being relatively good, and industry concentration is increasing.
With the growth of domestic and foreign market demand, the company’s performance has grown faster than expected. The net profits of the company have increased slightly less than I had anticipated, and we believe that the tax refunds in the first half of 2016 have not been as anticipated since the company continued to be recognized as a national priority software company.
As a result of the 2016q4, the company’s real operating profits are increasing at the rate expected. But we expect this tax refund to be accounted for in 2017, which will have a positive impact on the company’s performance.
People have made better use of the express delivery industry, orders have been made for automobile electronics, and people are actively expanding their markets with e-mails.
On December 29, Gong Yong Ja’s plan for a reduction of 120 million shares was completed, all of which was achieved through a large institutional investor’s share of the liquidity a share. The company’s general manager, Mr. Hu Ying Trung, recently made a big deal and a bid.
A continuous increase of 39 million shares in corporate shares underscores confidence in the company’s future development. Profit expectations and investment proposals: looking ahead, we believe that domestic security needs will continue, and rising security needs abroad will continue to grow, and will continue to boost corporate performance.
In addition, as the security threshold rises, we believe that the seacombs, which have made a technological reserve in terms of intelligence, will be able to capture a larger share of the market. Tax refund revenues are expected to be accounted for in 2017. We expect companies to become more mature in 2017.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.