Corporate Review Study — The Electronics Industry, High Conway Rapid Report on Performance: Great Security and Overseas Sea Convergence (002415.sz)
The map is even clearer, and the one plus new business is more visible. The company issued a fast-track performance report, which achieved gross operating income of $32 billion in 2016, an increase of 26.69 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of $7.4 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 26.32 per cent over the same period.
(i) Performance growth is in line with expectations, with a recovery period in 2016. Public security projects have slowed down since 2015, with few projects on the ground. Government projects have resumed since 2016. Industry and business-level applications have gradually recovered.
Over the next few years, the domestic market will generally remain stable and growing faster as the company moves from a product to a solution vendor. Moreover, the company has been overseas for almost two years through a solid placement in the overseas market in previous years.
In 2016, the company acquired a European alarm company, shl, which, while completing the alert product line, provided effective support for the development of the overseas market in Haikang. At the same time, the company recently announced that it would support the development of the offshore market.
Montreal, Silicon Valley, where R & D institutions have been set up, Da An, and overseas layouts have been perfected. In terms of net profitability, the net profit rate in 2016 was 23%, almost the same as in 2015, down from 2014 and before, and we believe that the main reason is also increased competition in the market.
After the peak of the high-resolution camera market heat in 2013-2014, there was a stronger shuffling in the market in 2015, the overall levelling of competition in 2016, and all increases in market concentration, the most difficult point of time since 2016 has passed.
New technologies are being upgraded, market patterns are expected to remain stable, and corporate Māori ratios will generally remain at current levels. Companies have previously demonstrated strong managerial capacity, management cost controls are generally stable, and we judge that there should be little change in management cost rates over the next few years.
(ii) The results of the transition are evident, and the ability of platform power, smart algorithms and hardware and hardware to integrate is excellent. In the traditional area of security surveillance, the total revenue from seacom sales is already larger and the city is more dominant, and our focus should then shift from the growth of traditional security sales to the new business of transformation.
In this area, the ability to integrate platform power, smart algorithms, and hardware and hardware is of greater concern. As a global leader in video surveillance, Heiconway is a digital, networked, highly nuanced, intelligent witness and promoter of video surveillance for the coming age of artificial intelligence.
The Division focused on structured video processing and big data technology, and launched a series of back-end video surveillance products based on artificial intelligence, in-depth learning techniques. In addition to traditional back-and-end monitoring products, companies have developed into video-centric machine visions.
Intelligent manufacturing, material networking/data operators service providers, companies have grown deep in the area of machine visuals, and the Seaconian storage robots released in 2015 have been marketed; in the area of parking, smart search vehicles, smart parking robots have been placed; and video footage of civilian drones, cars adas, fluorescent stones has been distributed.
In our view, the value of Haikang is no longer limited to security and surveillance, but rather to a combination of hardware and software solutions, the scarcity and extension of platform power. It is less valued than its counterparts, maintaining recommended ratings.