We have recently held talks with corporate management and major industry enterprises on the following points: (1) The innovative business of Heconway has made significant progress, for example with Express (002468.sz; uncovered) ellipse warehouse
According to management, distribution sales in Heiconway have slowed and now account for a significant share of the market in distribution channels. (3) National price competition in distribution channels subsided in the second half of 2016, as small businesses have become involved.
The industry has a positive view of government spending on security surveillance systems in 2017 and is expected to move forward.
The average for the Asia-Pacific science and technology sector is strong, and there is an increase in the number of ppp projects compared to 2016. (5) Industry leaders are returning to interest in profitability. For a full description of the investment summary indicators, see this.
Conway and D.C. shares are expected to improve profit margins in 2017, as product structures are pouring to higher end products, reporting disclosure. We expect corporate sales to slow down in the distribution market in 2017 because of its aggressive market.
The penetration strategy has eased. We believe, however, that the stability of Heiconway’s profit margins and the new contribution from its innovative business will partially offset these negative effects. We believe that the company’s advantages in image processing can be naturally integrated with business such as robotics, car electronics, household surveillance, etc.
Information can be found in the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
Figure 4: Innovative Business: Smart Sorting System
Figure 5: Innovative Business: Industrial Cameras with two subsystems with photo capture, data transmission and defect analysis features, which were developed to meet the needs of courier clients to quickly and effectively sort packages
A self-contained smart sorting robotic system that monitors the bearing mass at the moment.
I, Kim Jun, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our selection of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance of the industry).
a shares of telecommunications and technology: quick science, space information, science and technology, stone-based information, Taeyo, Shinzhou, China Connect (a), Fire Communications, Gore shares, Hyconway, Permanent Electronics, 4-D New, Equalized Electronics, high-quality communications, Effie Light, Cyber-Technology, Friends Network, Daehua shares, China-Xing Communications (a).
No specific information was disclosed about the company rating, research industry, and ratings and related definitions that govern investment lists in the region; however, the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The size or likelihood of realizing returns is based primarily on the investment proposal, which is indicated in each study that has been added to the list of investments or reiterated in the list of investments, which is below the historical basis of the scope of the study and/or valuation.
Severance of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, previously made, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is irrelevant and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.