The sales of the luminous diaphragms, the price of the photovoltaic membrane, the price of the luminous membrane.
Forster published the annual report 2018, which achieved operating income of $4,810 million for the entire year 2018, an increase of 4.90 per cent; net profit attributable to parent shareholders of $751 million, an increase of 28.38 per cent, and net profit of $404 million in the east, an increase of 87.85 per cent; net profit attributable to parent shareholders, a deduction of interest
Roughly $130 million, a decline of 38.27 per cent in the same year, due to the increase in asset impairment in the q4 quarter, the continued increase in photo-voltaic film prices and the decline in raw material prices to Māori rates.
The source is photo-voltaic film, which accounts for 86.34 per cent of the main camp (Fryed Acetylene thin film). In 2018, the public sector achieved operating income of $4,153 million, an increase of 6.84 per cent, and the Māori rate of 19.14 per cent, a decrease of 1.23 percentage points. The company sold each in the fourth quarter of 2018.
The average price for the sale of the film was $7.15 per square metre, an increase of 6.19 per cent in the same year, and the price of the film for the single quarter of 2018 was $6.84, 7.02, 7.21 and 7.46 per square metre, respectively, higher than the price increase for the same period last year, which resulted in an increase in the cost of the film and an increase in dry operating income. The company continued to increase its research and development efforts.
Inputs, product configurations are gradually being optimized, and the production and client side of the monolithic whiteeva continues to be promoted, and the poe film is being applied in two-faced, bipolar components, and the production of pe film products specific to double-face perc batteries that are resistant to Pid is developed; in the overseas market, companies pass through the long-term market.
The branding effect and the big customer strategy have raised the foreign market ratio, and the first reporting date for the new factory in Forster, Thailand: 12 December 2017 was officially delivered to the district, and the acetylene film was also operated independently under the Thai company flag.
In terms of industry, according to the National Energy Agency, in 2018, our light-voltage new loaders were 44.26gw, and several institutions, including ihs, predicted that our photo-voltage capacity would be maintained in 2019.
50.31 per cent long; exports of $12.216 billion, an increase of 29.97 per cent over the same period. We believe that our photovoltaic industry will be able to absorb excess capacity through exports and that the industry landscape is expected to improve further as the export regional policy warms and new loadings in emerging regions rise.
The sales of backboard sales continued to rise, sales of unit ring prices declined on a quarterly basis The company’s business of luminous backboards has been slow to develop and, although operating income of $511 million over 18 years has increased by 0.65 per cent over the same period, sales prices have continued to decline and the Māori rate has decreased by 2.92 percentage points.
The new materials project is progressing well, and the new materials project of the company is the first to break through. The new materials project is mainly the light membrane, the aluminium plastic complex, the fccl, the structural glue, etc., where the light membrane was the first to break through, and was tested and completed by the country's large pcb enterprise.
The company plans to continue to expand its customers, increase the volume of goods delivered, and develop a two-phase production capacity, which is expected to reach 200 million m2 by 2020. In addition, the company's aluminium plastics complex is expected to grow by 3.86 per cent.
Fccl continues to improve its products and its policy on the vagabond industry, changes in the international situation, with significant counter-impacts, and the emergence of industry price wars: clients pay back less than expected: new materials are operating less well than expected.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.