Annual report on information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment
The policy's effect is that the domestic photovoltaic industry is declining at a rate of 44.26gw in 2018, according to the National Energy Agency. But as the price of the components drops, the overseas photovoltaic plants are expected to remain optimistic in terms of annual photovoltaic loads.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Average sale price of membrane. Average sales price (excluding taxes) of the company for the single quarter of 17 years was higher than the overall price, mainly due to the high cost of the white eva membrane and the increasing share of the acetylene membrane.
In addition, 42.98 million backboard products have been expanded to optimize the product structure by increasing the white eva membrane and the white acetylene film. The company will expand 250 million, 200 million white and acetylene products, respectively. The new product will increase the efficiency of the components.
And anti-aging, for example, is better than ordinary products, and is the way to proceed. With the start of new production, the proportion of high-performance products will rise from 10% to 40%, further consolidating the company's film tap 3 and the new materials project. With strong R & D and enforcement capacity, the company's new materials are going well.
The project (which began at the beginning of the 16th year) is progressing well. During the reporting period, 12.37 million yuan was collected for new material operations. 50 million yuan per year was released, the long-term target was extended to 200 million square metres, and sales of the products increased during the reporting period, with 774.5 million square metres sold throughout the year.
Aluminium plastic films have been sold to 30 customers in small quantities. fccl is now also being tested for samples. The company is the leading company in the photovolveva market, and with the release of new products, the leader will not be in the same position.
The new material business is going well and promising. The company's 2019-2021 real-year reports are expected to meet expectations, and photovoltaic parities are getting closer online, which should be 29 x, 23 x, 19 x. For the first time, the coverage, based on the 19-year 30x valuation, is targeted.
The annual report's coming closer and closer, and the annual report's coming closer and closer and closer.
Zhang Cheuk-hoon, South China sales. Wang Jia Mi.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report