Dessehway (002920.sz): q3 battalion closes with an increase in the same number, and ICN operates in an orderly fashion.
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company and 10.11 billion yuan in revenue earned by the company in the first 3 quarters of 2022, i.e. 60.4 per cent of the year; 690 million yuan of net profit earned by the parent, i.e. + 40.9 per cent of the year; of which q3 achieved operating income
The q3 company increased its revenue by the same year, and the impairments cost profits. The company q3 earned $3.7 billion, an increase of 66.8 per cent, the ring + 13.4 per cent, mainly thanks to the continued release of the smart cabin and smart driving product end demand. The company achieved a net return profit of $170 million in the third quarter, compared to the same amount.
The net interest rate of q3 fell slightly in the same year, as a result of increased R & D costs. 22q3 M & D ratio +1956 per cent. 2) The continued expansion of the R & D workforce resulted in higher R & D costs, q3 1-quarter R & D expenditure of $446 million, R & D cost of 12.1 per cent, at a historically high level.
The same ratio +1.5 pct, ring + 0.7 pct. 3) Loss on exchange and interest on bank loans increase the same financial cost. By stretching, the company continues to increase its R & D investment, helping it to maintain a leading technological edge in areas such as high-level intelligence, driving and smart cockpit, and well-positioned pre-positioned goods help to manage.
High-level intelligent domain control projects are expected to climb the production slopes, and the central computing platform is expected to accelerate.
The product has entered the production uphill phase, and revenue is expected to be accompanied by a combined increase in the sales of the supporting car. According to the Ministry of Finance, with 23% Māori for corporate intellectuals, the scaling up of the portfolio is expected to lead to a significant increase in profits for the company.
The thor system's high-calculation chip, which supports the isomer soc and the car-borne central computer, we believe that the public division, as a core partner of the British government, is expected to get a pre-cooperative opportunity with the thor chip package, and the central computing platform domain control product is expected to accelerate.
The acquisition of a German lead antenna test and service provider atc, and the further expansion of the network business map.