The company achieved 10.11 billion yuan in operating revenue in the first three quarters of 2022.
This represents an increase of 60.42% and a net return of 692 million yuan, or 40.89%, for the third quarter of the year, with Cao Xuante's high rate of innovation and a slight decline in the Māori rate. The continued high growth in operating income is mainly due to smart cabin products, and the fact that it is not possible to make a difference.
Lou Woo Peaks Rapid growth in the size of smart driving products and the value of bicycles. Benefiting from the trend of multiscreening, three-generation smart space controllers, 4-k high screens, etc., production of cabin products rapidly climbs up; with automatic pilot penetration
The rate has increased, and sales of adas products such as fully automated parking, 360-degree high clairvoyant, and advanced autopilot domain controllers have continued to rise. The Māori rate of 23.73% in the previous three quarters has fallen by 0.79 ptt in comparison to the previous three quarters; the third quarter of this is due to the annual fall in traditional product prices and the smaller scale and amortization of new products.
In the third quarter of 2022, the sales/management/research and development/financial rates decreased by 1.49 per cent, respectively. As the size expanded, the staff pay bill increased. The constant devaluation of the renminbi led to higher exchange losses, while the company increased its long-term borrowing of $320 million in the third quarter, resulting in higher public expenditure.
The Division has continued to increase its research and development investment to ensure that new products are fast-tracked. The intelligent, capable module products based on the fourth generation of the Hightower Dragon module are being developed closely; the Automated Driving Support System, based on full technological advantage and integration with high speed scenarios, is about to be produced; and the new generation of the Car-Intelligent Central Computing Platform is being developed.
Keep an eye on high-level smart driving. ipu03 was the first to scale production on Pap5/p7, with a combined sales volume of 8.42 million at p5 and p7 in the third quarter of 2022, representing an increase of 113 per cent in the same year, of which 255,000 were sold in the third quarter; ipu04 was produced on Peng9 and ideal l9/l8 and 9 in September.
A batch of 184 will be delivered in October, an ideal number of 199 will be delivered in the first full month, an ideal number of 10123 will be delivered in November, and an ideal number of 18 will be ready for delivery. The company’s high-level autopilot controllers have accumulated more than 10 mainstream vehicle companies, and will continue to be made available in the context of the intelligent transformation of cars.
“Dessersseewy's semi-annual review: high harvests”, “Dessagewell's 2021th report and the 2022st report: high industry leaders in re-renovation”
Billion dollars, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 3. Desaiway’s In-depth Study: Crafts, Smart Infiltration Rates, Corporate Clients’ Unexpected Sales, High-Level Autopilots.
Senior Player of the Auto-Intelligent Age 2022-01-23 predicts that the changes in the pattern of competition in the industry, the shortage of chips, and the epidemic are not as controlled as expected. My research point is that any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.