iii Desailawy (00292.sz)
On 25 October 2022, the net return to the mother was 690 million yuan, or +40.9 per cent of the year; the net return to the mother after deduction was 650 million yuan.
+36.1% compared to the +36.1% achieved in the first quarter of the year, of which q3 recorded $3.70 billion, or +66.8% compared to the previous quarter; q3 achieved a significant impairment of assets, resulting in a high increase in performance after excluding the impact of the write-off. Based on the precautionary principle, the company made a impairment of assets in the first three quarters of the year, for a total amount of approximately
Cutting off the impact of asset impairments, the q3 single-season net profit return could reach about 260 million yuan, compared with +114.4%, and achieving high growth in performance after cutting off the impact. Excluding the impact, the Māori rate and net interest rate have both risen and the corporate profitability has continued to rise.
Stimulating by the policy of halving the tax on car purchases, q3 domestic car sales amounted to 74.13 million vehicles, corresponding to +29.4 per cent, ring to +33.7 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in corporate revenue and net profits, with a discounted Māori rate of 25.7 per cent and net interest rate of 7.0 per cent respectively (taking into account the reduction points).
Business profitability continues to improve. The sales/management/financial/research and development cost rates, respectively, benefit from the downstream car industry, and corporate profitability is expected to continue to rise in the fourth quarter.
In the area of intelligent drivers, ipu03 has been loaded with small p5 and p7 models, and has been sold in undisguised quantities;
The Japanese company publishes a collaboration with the Jianan car strategy, or promotes the landing of related products based on the icpaurora central computing platform, leading to the development of cross-cutting technologies from “domain control” to “central computing”, further reinforcing the technological leadership of car intelligence.
Based on optimistic expectations of the industry and the company for the fourth quarter, we maintain that corporate profit forecasts do not anticipate the recurrent effects of the epidemic, and geopolitical influence core chip supply.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.