The depth of the ddc base station in the 5g era benefits from the power share (002463), car electron pending explosion □ 5g construction and data centre double-guided communication pcb up the price
The number of 5g macro stations is estimated by operators to be about 1.2-1.5 times the number of 4g macro stations. So the size of the 5g base stations is about 3 times the value of the 4g base stations pcb according to industry studies.
The need for arithmetical strength is evident in the need to drive the deployment of large and marginal small data centres as the technology of 5g matures.
Prismark predicts a growth rate of 46.39 per cent in 2019 compared to 2019 per cent in 2019 in the communications sector, which is dominated by 8-16 floors of multi-layers, 8-storey super-high-stewards 2019 - the company Qingjun and Yellowstone I plants, and the new generation of high-speed network equipment, high-speed computing services, etc.
31.49%. 5g products have been technically certified and have been involved in the construction of 5g test networks around the world, their application to well-known domestic and international clients, such as Hwayng, Ericsson, etc. We believe that depth has benefited from the 5g build-up, with a compound increase in corporate communication boards between 2020 and 2022.
□ Automobiles wait for a car electronic explosion on pcb, and importing more higher-end electronics and communications technology is a major trend in the future development of the car industry, which is expected to accelerate as 5g begins to build.
In the future, the use and usage of pcb in the automobile field has a lot of scope for improvement. As intelligent driving becomes more intrusive, high-end pcb markets will burst. Prismak predicts an increase to $7,616 million by 2020, while the value of a bicycle will rise to $75 per vehicle.
The company Quest and Yellowstone 2 has remained confident that supply and demand will remain stable in the area of high-end, safe motor panels, with a steady increase of 3.59 per cent in the year-on-year growth of the downside harvest in 2019, a slight increase in the Māori rate and preparations for the demand following the recovery of the electronic car market growth.
Research assistant: Wajin, 5g construction is moving slowly; production capacity is not as high as market expansion; competition with industry is increasing. 1 globally known pcb supplier
1.1 The company was founded in 1992 by the Taiwan pcb legend, Mr. Wu Reyuan. Since its inception, the company has been based on research and development design and production of circuit boards, and after many years of market expansion and production.
The company is now focusing on the production, sale, and related after-sales services of various types of printed circuit boards. The company currently leads the 14-38 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium- and high-level motor panels, complemented by office and industrial equipment boards, which can be used extensively in communications equipment, etc.
The customers downstream include Nokia Siemens, Ericsson, Cisco, Hua-Jung, China Communications, Continental Automobile Electronics, Bo-Sheng, and some of the major customers.
1.2 Stewardship, stable management, and currently the real control of the company is the Ng Leang family, indirectly holding the shares through the Biggering (bvi) Holdings and Happyunion Investments. Mr. Wu is the director of Nan Jing, the parent company.
The company's management and governance structure have been more stable for about 10 years, with the chairman of the board of directors of the company's electric power company, the director of the company's general manager, Mr. Wu Xu Bin, and most of his senior positions.
In 2016, the company completed the construction of a new plant in Quanshan, with a growing productivity and productivity. Optimizing the product structure in the niche areas of products and technology and increasing equipment utilization and the technology and production of products.
Quality added value, coupled with the active development of a new generation of high-speed network equipment, high-speed computing servers, adas (advanced driving support systems), new energy vehicles, etc. Emerging market applications and customers.
During the same period, companies achieved net return profits of 131 million yuan, 204 million yuan, 570 million yuan, 1,206 million yuan.
Intelligent data analysis capabilities continue to contribute to a virtuous cycle of process improvements and reduce quality anomalies. Corporate good quality rates have risen steadily to 93.60%; 3. The proportion of high-end products has been rising and the capacity utilization rate has increased.
Over the years, companies have consistently focused on process improvement and technological innovation, leading their products both domestically and internationally. At the same time, they have built on the technological advantages of leading products such as established corporate communication boards, automobile boards, etc., to capture the product demand of high-end customers in the areas of communications, automobiles, etc., and to maintain their research and development skills.
Three patents for inventions, three new patents for practical applications, one copyright for computer software.
In the area of corporate communications markets, the main areas of communication are wireless access to 5g, carrier networks, core network products, and idc high-performance computers, high-speed switches.
(b) In the field of on-board networks, core network digital communications, 56g key technologies have been transferred from R & D to local, and have been implemented in bulk in products, with high-speed, high-precision design requirements corresponding to the next generation of high-speed network products.
Research topics; in the area of data centres, the main focus is on the development of 400g high-speed switches, hpc products, which have now been delivered in bulk, and the next generation of Hpc, etc., are now also co-operating with clients. In the area of electronic applications of cars, power controllers (bcm) are mainly involved in new energy vehicles, 48v initiate controllers
Pcb (bsg), autopilot (adas) master controllers, etc., some of the products have already been produced. In addition, the Division has developed pcb in the use of encumbered heat-distribution components and embedded electrosensive components for vehicles, with a view to achieving mass production by 2020.
Looking back at history, innovation in communications technology is not just a technological upgrade, but also a change in social patterns. Overall, China’s overall pace at 1g-3g is slow, and 4g is closing in.
At the policy level, the Chinese government has given tremendous support to telecommunications operators, including many policies and spectrum licence fees, and has effectively built 5g as an infrastructure to support digital economic development.
At the technical level, the most recent 5g trade patent report was published by the internationally renowned patent data company, Iplytics, which ranked first on 3147, third on 2795, third on 2,561 and fourth to tenth on lg, Nokia, Ericsson, Hightower, Intel,
Sharp, nttdocomo; by the end of 2019, China had deployed more than half of the world ' s 5.44 million base stations and, in the future, half of the world ' s 5g base stations, so the world ' s five largest operators are more concerned about China ' s future 5g trends.
5g gives multiple applications and redefines information patterns. The most central change in 5g compared to the previous mobile communication technology is a significant increase in transmission rates. 5g is more than 10 times higher than 4g in key technology indicators, such as user experience speed, time delay, and connection density.
The mobile applications include the following three main areas: embb (enhanced mobile broadband), mmtc (large-scale machine communications), urllc (high-reliable low-time delay communication). Embb: at the beginning of the 5g network, the 5g embb feature is expected to be the first to land under Nsa's structure. 5g communication speed is 10 times higher than 4g, and large volumes of high-flow-based responses are 10 times higher than 4g.
The application will be accelerated with, for example, vr/ar, 4k/8k high-light screens, cloud computing, etc.; urllc: the delay of 5g is likely to be significantly lower than the delay of 4g, which is more important for autopilot, smart manufacturing, industrial Internet; and mmtc: in the long run, the application of mmtc will be achieved through networking technology such as nb-iot.
It says, "Contrary to 2g incubating data, 3g incubating data, 4g in development data, 5g is an age-old technology. In addition to more extreme experience and capacity, 5g will open up the age of object networking and penetrate into industries. It will usher in the golden age of information communication, along with big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc.
So we think that 5g is not a simple upgrade in the post-4g era, but a major transformation of mobile communication technology, leading to the data age. The 5g performance is going to be much higher than the current 4g network. With the ubiquitous high-speed bandwidth connection, super-high data equipment capacity, low-time communications reliability, there is no doubt about 5g.
Questions will lead to a new wave of subversive science and technology trends. 5g features and application scenes in the data age of Chart 8 while China looks forward to the completion of science and technology breakthroughs in the 5g era through new infrastructure.
After a parallel leap of technology, China is expected to continue to lead the world in the 5g era and win the vanguard. First, the new infrastructure architecture shows the will of the state, the central economic workshop, which has made the construction of new infrastructure, such as 5g, artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, and physical networking, one of its priorities.
The new infrastructure under the executive thrust has a fairly high degree of certainty and predictability, and we believe that the starting point for the new infrastructure is the construction of a 5-g macro station, which will be better connected to animals if it is completed.
The second major infrastructure is the transformation of the country’s industry, and the most important applications of 5g are industrial and industrial applications, which are no less important than a new industrial revolution. Any industry can improve efficiency through 5g, and some industries can benefit from 5g technology to generate new applications and business models.
It is likely that the position of a new competitor and incumbent will be subverted. 2.1 New capital building and high demand for data centres are expected to complete the technological transition with new infrastructure such as 5 g and data centres.
New infrastructure, such as the 5g network, data centres, etc., is much richer and more inclusive than traditional infrastructure, more broadly representative of the digital economy, and better able to drive China’s economic transformation, so that the new infrastructure under the executive push has a fairly high degree of certainty and predictability.
Convinced that the starting point for the new infrastructure is the construction of the 5g macro station, which will be completed in order to allow better animal networking, car networking, industrial Internet, etc. The number of 5g macro stations is estimated by operators to be about 1.2-1.5 times that of the 4g macro station.
The size of the base station at the level of 1 million in the 4g, the size of the 5g base station, the size of the 5g base station, the size of the 5g base station, the size of the microbase, the size of the base station, the size of which is expected to rise as the 5g age of full commerce progresses, the construction and upgrading of high-frequency high-speed boards such as pcb will create a huge demand, and the pcb will be ready for a new turn-up.
According to the Prismark statistics and projections for global pcb production for 2017-2019, 588,624,613 million dollars, respectively. Looking forward to downstream application of pcb in the coming years, cars and communications infrastructure are expected to grow at a faster rate than in the context of new energy and 5g technology intergenerational upgrading.
Statistics show a production value of $6.6 billion in 2018 at pcb, and are projected to reach $8.5 billion in 2023.
However, in conjunction with the construction of the 4g domestic base station, 831,000 were completed in the second year. Referring to the progress of the 4g base station construction, the guidance meetings at the national level, the operator said that q3 had completed the planned base site for this year, we believe that the number of the 5g base station construction in 2020 is expected to exceed expectations.
In the 4g era, Japanese operators studied the conclusion that more than 70% of mobile phone calls were born indoors. In the breakdown, 69% of voice operations and 90% of data operations were indoors. In the 5g era, the importance of indoor coverage increased further.
2019 The Communications Industry Congress and 14th Annual Conference of Communication Technology stated: “85% of applications in the 5g era took place in indoor settings.” The signals from the outdoor macrostations are hard to penetrate buildings, and indoor coverage is very challenging. Thus, indoor coverage will also be a top 5g priority.
We believe that operating chambers are gradually discovering a huge value of 5g, which will also maintain the high input of operators to 5g. High input guarantees the number of base stations in the 5g era, while the high material requirements of 5g result in higher value of single base stations pcb, which will benefit head pcb manufacturers.
With high frequency copper plates, the high frequency copper sheet is a key material for 5 gpcb, which accounts for 35% of the total cost. From the pcb price of communications, the high frequency high speed feature of 5g imposes higher requirements for backboards, multiple high speed boards, high frequency microwave plates, metal base plates, and a large price for pcb based on a total of 5g individual base stations for the exchange of information between listed companies.
As the technology of 5g matures, data flows will then erupt, and the demand for arithmetic will increase significantly. The value of mobile Internet dou (average household traffic) in the country has reached 8.5 gbps, an average of 7.5 gbps for the entire year 2019.
As the technology of 5g matures, the infrastructure lands and downstream applications expand (4k video, cloud games, ar/vr, object networking, etc.), the overall flow of 5g is expected to expand to more than 10 times the current level, directly driving it.
In recent years, there has been a clear trend towards car intelligence and electronization, making pcb almost everywhere in the automobile electronic system.
The electronicization of traditional fuel vehicle ecu modules, such as the airbag module, requires pcb as the most basic instrument carrier. New energy vehicle-specific batteries, electric machines, and electrical control systems require a large number of pcb applications. Smart driving components such as milli-mip radar will increase the demand for high-end pcb. millimetre-wave radar due to high circuit frequency.
24\77ghz, the requirements for pcb and upstream copper sheets are much higher than the requirements for ptpcb, making the pcb price three to ten times the unit price of the normal plate. Under the trend of car intelligence, the transmission of the steering wheel mechanical motion structure, etc., will also be replaced by electronics, and intelligent driving requires strong central power.
In the brain system, these trends point to a significant increase in the use and usage of pcb in the future automobile sector. As smart driving becomes more permeable, the market for high-end pcb will burst.
The annual compound growth reached 13.32%. The global car pcb market in 2018 was about 11% of the total and growing. Automobile electrons have moved into power and safety and outsized the vehicle-borne media.
With a market size of $6.407 billion, it is projected to rise to $7.616 billion by 2020, while the value of the bicycle will rise to $75/car. Vehicle pcb will need to be certified through a rigorous safety system, with a higher overall safety plan. This is also related to the client community, where car manufacturers are relatively more security-sensitive and sensitive to Maori rates.
Low. Pcb, as the basic element of a car electronics product, is the vehicle for other components, and if there is a quality problem, the whole integrated circuit board, which includes all the widgets that are plugged into it, is completely out of service, so the quality of the product at pcb is higher for the client.
New-energy cars now account for an increasing number of cars, new-energy automobiles are changing their battery power control, traditional motor systems and the increasing importance of battery power control, which has also led to a higher cost of new-energy car electronics for the whole vehicle. The ratio of new-energy-car electronics for the whole vehicle is in the case of conventional fuel cars.
As a result, the growing global market for new energy vehicles will certainly lead to a boom in the automotive electronics industry. ihs predicts that automobiles will account for 40% of the total car cost by 2020, while pcb is an important part of automobiles.
The main business of the company is the printing of circuit boards, which are divided into four sections, namely, corporate communication boards, motor panels, office and industrial control boards, and consumer electronics. The company achieved total operating income of $7,129 million in 2019, of which print circuits.
The income from board operations is $6,885 million, and from corporate communication boards, motor panels, office and industrial control boards and consumer electronics is 51.02, 13.28, 419 and 125 million yuan, respectively, contributing 71.57 per cent and 18.63 per cent of the total income from print circuit board operations, respectively. According to projections from Prismark, the multilayers will remain important in the market for some time to come.
In terms of product structure, companies are excellent in the pcb market in China, and in terms of industrial development, the global pcb industry is moving in the direction of high accuracy, density, and reliability, increasing performance, productivity efficiency, specialization, scalability, and green production, adapting to downstream.
Business investment in technology development will increase further, and high speed, frequency, and heat applications will continue to expand. As industry changes increase, new entrants, smaller firms, and low-tech SMEs will face serious challenges; conversely, e.g., shareholdings, deep south circuits, and profits.
Companies with core competitiveness, advanced technological capabilities, and superior customer resources in the form of technology and other types of pcb head companies, which, while facing the challenge of higher technological content and higher value added, also have a growth potential.The company’s production capacity is currently distributed mainly in four plants: Xin Li Wei, Qing and Yellowstone I, Yellowstone II, and Yellowstone II.
Each plant has a different focus.
The Yellow Stone I factory, the Green Ribbon factory, the Ultra Weibo power plant.
Yellowstone II, high-end communication boards, motor panels.
Car boards are big. A number of whole-car manufacturing plants are shut down because of pandemic protection, supply chain instability and low market demand. As a result, austerity in the automobile market will continue in 2020, with excess capacity of low- and middle-end vehicles at pcb, and price competition will intensify.
The epidemic, of course, will not change the trend towards electrification and intelligent driving in the automobile industry, and the medium- and long-term demand for motor panels will continue to grow as the construction of 5g and the development of their corresponding car connections are expected to accelerate. Economic activity on the Internet, which is closely linked to another core application of the company’s products, will increase dramatically during the epidemic.
In addition, it is expected that the demand for new infrastructure, such as 5g base stations, Internet and cloud-end equipment, will continue to grow steadily in 2020 and that the head of the 3.1 company ' s corporate communications board will continue to grow significantly, leading to an increase in the overall Māori ratio of enterprises.
The Qingjiang and Yellow Shik I plants focus on 5g and the new generation of high-speed network equipment, high-speed computing servers, etc., with a modest and targeted expansion of production capacity, while increasing the production capacity of high-end products, the company’s ability to collect and profit from the Qing Yu and Yellow Shik I plants has continued to grow.
The company’s 5g product has been technically certified for most of its products in 2018, and has been involved in the construction of 5g testing networks in many parts of the world, in applications such as China and Ericsson, among other well-known domestic and international customers.
At the same time, the Yellow Shik I plant and the Blue Shirts plant still have some capacity expansion, especially their land and sewage indicators. The company’s current area is to maintain a moderate expansion of production at a high Māori rate to meet the demand for high-end products.
Although the pcb industry is less concentrated and the market is more competitive. But companies, through multi-supplier certification, create higher market entry barriers for new entrants. For example, new entrants are certified at various stages of the system, and take about two to three years.
Third-party agency data show that the company reached 3.70% in 2017 in the area of communication boards, providing the world’s top five communication boards. ttm
3.2 The downside of the car has been a negative growth in the company ' s car board, while the Chinese car sales have fallen by 8.2 per cent. In a severe market situation, firms have accelerated their research and development inputs into new technologies and reduced their costs in order to sustain improvements in productivity and quality in response to increased competition in the market; they have benefited from adas (high).
The continued growth in the use of motor panels, such as the DUI system, and the continued optimization of the company ' s autoboard product structure have partly cushioned the adverse effects of the intense competition and weak demand in the motorboard market.
The newcomers in general will have to bear the huge costs of time and money, and will need to invest in high R&D costs on a continuous basis in order to be able to successfully complete the construction and testing of the car's electronic board line at the Yellowstone II plant in 2019.
Pre-automated and smartest line of production, taking advantage of good odds to sustain and expand the competitive advantage to prepare for the demand that will follow the recovery of the electronic car market. The core product of micro-electricity has seen a small increase in revenue from automobiles and in the Māori rate. In 2019, the net profit from RV was about 227,213 million.
With more high-end electronics, communications technology, company board customers and product structures maintained, production efficiency and quality continued to improve, with 24ghz car range radar pcb products and more than 100 per cent of the total.
The new energy car battery management system (bms) has been growing faster with pcb products, and 77ghz car range radar with pcb products has begun to stabilize supplies.
The Tier1 certification cycle is even longer than the supply of equipment to the core base station. Third-party agency data show that the company's carboard area entered the top ten providers worldwide in 2017.
The growth of the company’s telecommunications boards has been steady, taking into account the projected number of 5-g macro stations and data centres and micro-based stations. At the same time, there has been a slight increase in the Māori rate, which has been driven by an increase in the corporate Māori mix as a result of an increase in the proportion of corporate communication boards; and (2) a simultaneous expansion in the construction of 5g, the gradual expansion of car connectivity, the increase in car computerization, and the build-up of the company’s car panels in the area of safety.
Growing up, and the potential of the board, gives the company a “buy-in” rating. The company’s future risks stem mainly from:
(ii) Production capacity does not match market expansion; and (iii) competition with the industry has increased, as defined by the increase or decline in securities (or industry indexes) relative to the depth of 300 indexes over the six months from the date of this report, as follows:
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information in the report, the independent and objective presentation of the report, the data and information used in the report are from the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.