The price of titanium powder continues to rise.
Incidents: The price of titanium powder market shows a low-season pattern. According to Wind, the domestic company is a company dedicated to the development of titanium, fine powder, and the spot price of titanium powder rose by 2.5 per cent (400 ton) to 1.65 million ton in January 2021.
The group is now also issuing price increases in early January, with model titanium powder at $500 per ton for domestic customers, which has become a henan octopus, a Sichuan dynasty, a twig flower, and a lake north.
The price for international clients is $100 per ton. Xiangyang, Yunnan and other production bases, the main titanium and powder production can be large, the number one in Asia and the third in Asia.
The industry has recovered at the bottom of the landscape. There has been a sustained marginal improvement since June 2020 (the first September, titanium powder exports, the best sales of products in Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, North America, Europe, the Middle East and cumulatively over the same year of +20.01 per cent, increasing by 3.1 pcts compared to the previous June), while the cash losses of small domestic plants have declined.
More than 100 countries and regions, including Africa, have had negative, overseas plant-controlled price premiums, accumulated stocks have been largely absorbed since the beginning of the epidemic, and domestic prices for titanium powder have increased by a cumulative 32% since early July 2020 and late January 2021.
The epidemic has led to a strategic contraction in titanium plants abroad, and the country’s production poles have accelerated to capture its market share. According to the evolution of sales over the last three to four years in four major plants abroad, all four have experienced a sharp decline in production and profitability, with a marked decline in market share.
At the same time, domestic champions, represented by a python, are taking up their share of the market that belonged to large offshore plants through low-yielding beryllium chlorination and cleaning of sulphuric acid products. Companies’ continued extension of the industrial chain, increased competitiveness, helped to raise medium- and long-term market power.
Longitudinal and horizontal extension: 1 vertically, the company's vertically integrated layout along the titanium mining-tritanium feedstock refining-tetrachloride- titanium powder, with a strong titanium layout extending to the high-end titanium field; 2 horizontally, the company's expansion into the associated small metal processing field to achieve “dry-dry” of the raw material
Net.” We look forward to the company's development in the area of sponge titanium, in addition to the company's relatively strong advantages in the supply of raw titanium and the production process of intermediate-based titanium tetrachloride, which is highly competitive in combination and is expected to increase in the medium- and long-term.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We have long regarded company 1 as the world’s first titanium powder tap, 2 as the global titanium-based, titanium-metal industry, 3 as the global titanium industry chain, 3 as the reserve, 3 as the reserve, and further boost the potential growth momentum in the medium and long term. We maintain the profit forecast for the company.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities reports that the price of titanium powder has been rising and the market is rising.
Liu Woo-choo, Master of Finance at the University of Management of Singapore, cfa, has worked in the Research Department of China-King Corporation, with seven years of research experience in the chemical industry. During his career, he was awarded a number of honours, including the second in the crystal ball matrix in 2017, the first in the public fund-raising list, and the top in the crystal ball campaign in 2016 and 2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.