How does the added production of titanium sulphate have an impact on corporate profitability?
At a full cost above $12,300 per ton, the median cost of domestic titanium sulphate.
\triangleright domestic titanium sulphate has been severely restricted by environmental policies, and small output is no longer possible. According to our statistics, the additional capacity of titanium sulphate has been revealed for the epoxy, of which about 250,000 tonnes/year.
130,000 tonnes/year of technology adaptation or relocation to the park project, and 120,000 tonnes/year of low-end production capacity, mainly titanium powder, sharp titanium powder, with little impact on the supply of titanium powder sulphate. Company prices compared to the trend of 300 degrees deep
The production of titanium sulphate in our country will reach about 3.8 million tonnes/year in 2020, with an additional 250,000 tonnes/year of titanium powder production, or about 6.6 per cent, and will not be fully operational for more than three years, with no substantial impact on the supply and demand patterns of whole titanium sulphate.
Changes in the energy of the domestic sulphate titanium powder production
One of the Goldgrass Industry Reports Series: Global Food Adders, 2020.08.18 " Quadrochemicals: global mdi, tdi intensive production "
Renovation, Prices or Revivals 2020.07.29 One of the Athletic Series Reports: Towards Global Titan Industry Trench 2020.07.23
High-cost expansion contributes to the structure of the energy cost curves, the safe re-promotion of the python's profits, which, according to our calculations, are about $4,200 per ton, compared to the marginal cash cost of the production capacity, the safety of the python's sulphate titanium powder, and as the level of integration deepens, the ratio of the raw material is higher.
There's still room for further expansion. The cost of adding capacity to the domestic sulphate titanium powder industry is higher than the cost of a python, located in the middle of the country's titanium powder production cost curve, which expands to the point where it does not change the steep titanium powder production cost curve.
The epidemic has affected the demand for titanium powder overseas, the international situation has affected the export of corporate products and imports of raw materials, the chlorine-based titanium powder production could not rise as expected, the risk of the proliferation of titanium powder technologies, the sea, the sea, the world.
Kwow: Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials at Sichuan University, Master of Magnetic Materials, 4 years of experience in the air-flying aviation materials industry in mid-flight, 2 years of research experience in the materials industry
Xiang Xiangxiang: Research assistant, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University, passed the cfa secondary examination.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.