Manchurian Year, three flowers at the top, Vientiane Day, 24th of February, 2025, Nguyen Xiaoyan.
Research assistant Xu Xu Xiaohyu  Thermomanagement area, “Technology + Management + Globalization” sedimentation. Founded in 1984, the company expanded its products from cut-off valves to electronic expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, quadruple valves, etc.
In addition, in 22/23, the company increased its share of energy heat management, robotic power executives. In the 1980’s, the company took the lead in breaking the foreign monopoly on technology, pre-empting the advantage of scale, and in 23 years of electric power.
The global volume of global sales of four-way valves/electronic expansion valves/microchannels/cut-off valves/electromagnetic valves was 59 per cent-58 per cent-43/33 per cent, while the global market for electric expansion valves was 53 per cent, while companies established offshore production bases in the United States, Mexico, Viet Nam, Thailand, etc., at a time of globalisation.
In 2023, the net profit from the company’s collection/return to the mother was $24.629 billion, with robotic operations at stake, the year of robotics at hand, the industry at large, and the company’s elasticity as implementer. In Tesla, for example, according to its latest production plan, thousands of human machines are expected in 25 years.
People go to their car factory for 26 years, and if everything goes well, they zoom in to 10 times, to 5 to 100,000, and then to 50 to 1 million in 27 years. Three-flower focus machines, executives, long-term collaboration with downstream clients to develop and produce multiple properties overseas, are expected to take the lead.
In terms of profit elasticity, the total value of the current implementer is expected to be about 50 million tob end-to-end sales in 26 years and 1 million toc end-use measurements in 28 years, with a net interest rate of 10% on the sum of linear & spin joints, assuming that the company will supply 60-70%.
In the case of automobiles, the full-scale layout of the core module of the company ' s heat management system, the electronic expansion valve/commodity market has a 50 per cent + 60 per cent +, the sales of the first largest customer in 24 years have been flat and Europe and America has a 25h2 new vehicle type in Europe, and the sales of new power, rice, ideal etc. are strong.
In the case of household electricity, the share of the corporate air-conditioning chilling valves, microchannels, omega pumps, etc., is basically the first global share, benefiting from domestic electricity supplementation in 24 years.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is the lead in global heat management, leading technology internationally, growing empty.
The Department ' s traditional business is robust, human robotics is extremely resilient, with 25 years of 50 xpe, new energy vehicles are sold below expectations and competition is increasing.
In the field of deep-farming refrigeration, specialists in new energy car heat management 40 years in the field of deep-farming cooling, a steam zero business, a global tap in heat management, robotic power executives will become a new engine of growth.
The market is continuously filled with high-quality assets, such as four valves, microchannels, and zero-air operations, through a combination of Aveco and Ranko extension products. In 2022, 2023, increased investment was made in storage heat management, robotic power executives, and in September 24, gdr was released to strengthen the company's refrigeration control components and new energy heaters.
In November, the distribution of gdr was closed and the company’s stock market was changed. Figure 1: The company’s course of development, the company’s equity structure is stable, and the firm’s real control is vested in the Zhang family.
Since 1984, Zhang Tao has been the head of the new Chang County Refrigeration Plant, the Xinchang Refrigeration Plant in Zhejiang Province, the Party Secretary, the Chairman and Director General of the Zhejiang Sanhua Group, the Party Secretary, the Chairman and the President of the Zhejiang Sanhua Group Ltd.
The company’s relative concentration of shares is more conducive to decision-making on big matters. Management is stable, high-level has a rich history, and the company values talent development and management.
Five equity incentive schemes have been implemented to guarantee the stability of the core team. Zhang Yapo is the current president of the company, who is the managing director, director, director and chief executive officer of the triad. In 1987, Mr. Zhang led the factory in cooperation with Shanghai Transport University, and established the Shanghai Transport University — the Starfire Federation of the Xinchang Refrigeration Mills of Zhejiang.
The three flowers have worked with higher education institutions on several occasions to develop base-stage products and create a culture of enterprise that values human development.
The company’s main business is the development, production and sale of mechanical electronic control components and component-type products, which are divided into refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and automobile parts according to the area of use of the product. The refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts are dedicated to building heating, electrical equipment specialization, and the automobile parts and components are devoted to in-depth research in the area of auto heat management.
There is an almost 40% rate of zero operations and a 27% rate of Māori for refrigeration and steam operations. Outreach operations are organized around the main parts and components, with synergies. Companies are always focused on deep-farming heat management controls, and downstream applications are expanded around the heat management parts and components industry, with synergies between the various components of operations, for example.
Building on the accumulation of technology in the field of home-based air-conditioning electro-inflated valves, the successful development of vehicles for new energy car heat management systems, the use of electronic-inflated valves, etc., and the advantage of the cost of research and development and production of new products, as well as the ability to accelerate the opening up of new areas, the wealth of corporate products and the number of multi-product markets are among the highest in the world.
Switches to valves, electron expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, etc., are widely used in air conditioning, refrigerators, cold chain logistics, dishwashers, etc.: the main products of auto parts and components include heat expansion valves, electron expansion valves, electronic water pumps, new energy vehicle heat management integrated components, etc., are widely applied to new energy vehicles and traditional fuel trucks.
For the global refrigeration/air conditioning smartware flagship, electronic expansion valves, quadruple valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, etc., are among the world ' s leading product markets. 1.3. High profitability and profitability are among the leading players.
In recent years, the size of the public sector’s revenue earnings has grown at a high rate, driven by a zero-growth new energy boom. The business income of the 2024q1-3 company has increased by $20.6 billion, or 8 per cent, compared to the corresponding net profit of $2.3 billion for the mother, or 6.6 per cent, compared with the same increase in the domestic electricity sector, and the rate of growth in car heat management has slowed.
Overall, the company’s Māori rate has stabilized over the long term at 25-30%, with a peak of prudent management and efficient resource allocation down to 9.04% to 2024q1-3, with a cost rate of 2.2% below industry 3 and below industry average, with a strong control capacity.
Core competitiveness of firms: product power, manufacturing capacity, globalized production: Product power: technology-based corporate development, with R & D inputs remaining at 4-5 per cent of revenue, for example, companies continuing to push into the replacement of the core product e-inflated valves, which is superior to corporate performance, with a 50 per cent + market share.
Manufacturing capacity: Products such as the heat-management parts and components valves produced by companies are produced in large quantities and are important for quality and consistency control of products. In addition, core components and production equipment for air-conditioning and gas-zero products are designed and developed autonomously by companies and have an advantage in overall production efficiency.
Globalized production layout: Since the 1990s, companies have focused on international markets, have established offshore production bases in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, Thailand, etc., and are already equipped with the capacity to respond to globalization, providing more secure orders than competitors, especially for United States-owned clients, which are assessed in the larger customer supply chain.
Figure 11: Three flower manufacturing capacity upgrades in 2024. 1.4. Robotic operations are expected to build a new triple flower. Three human robot implementers are expected to gain a major share, profit elasticity is expected to create a new triple flower.
Flower-focused robotic motor executives, one of the most central components of which is mainly rotational and linear joints, are also powered by electric power. And the three flowers have long worked with overseas taps to develop overlaps and have overseas multi-terrestrial capacity, and are expected to be the main provider.
2. Robots: Deeply tied offshore taps, with a high degree of profit elasticity, 2.1. Human robot commercialization: break-through to generic, tob-toc application markets with enormous imagination: to do what people can do but don't want to do, to do what they want to do.
A good robot may not be the ultimate “perfect” robot: it's a reference to autopilot, from 1-l3 to more than five years old, and it's still time to be fully autopiloting. We believe that human robots are also progressive in their maturity and can take the lead in commercialization in segmented markets, such as factory production, security checks, logistics distribution, service-service guidance, etc.
Rescue, military, etc., with an initial homogeneity of functions, then matures into generic robots, moving from tob to toc, into human robots: the space comes from the replacement of workers and can enter toc end to create new demand. Robots abroad are also led by Tesla, with more flowers, manufacturers concentrated in the United States market, and some European manufacturers are accelerating commercialization.
We expect 10,000 overseas/domestic sales to take place in 2025, to break to the top of 27-28, to sell 2.2. Tesla robots: performance versus value, to lead the world.
Tesla's robotics are growing in performance, and the value of the value of the product is high, and the process of industrialization is progressing fast. Tesla released the Tesla Universal Robotic Program at the day of day 2021. Tesla displayed the Otimus human robot engineering machine at the day of October 2022. A series of videos have since shown its performance increasing.
Row, Tesla human robots will be produced in 2025, when it is expected that thousands of human robots will be put into their cars, and that they will remain in the factory production line, and that if everything goes well, 26 years of production will be multiplied by 10 to 5-100,000 units, with both hardware and hardware leading by far: 1) strong control: 28 torso, 6 hand-held executives.
Sensors that accurately control the output of the holding power are more than 200 degrees free, walk and grab objects naturally. 2) Environmental probes are strong: they take the visual ai, install the unmanned system fsd, connect to the same neural network as Tesla, and they can fully identify the surroundings. 3) Learning is strong: human action can be identified and learned through the ai algorithm.
Figure 17: Tesla human robot map. Figure 18: Tesla human robot parameter. Tesla self-use space of 40,000: Tesla currently has more than 40,000 workers in factories in Texas and California, Germany.
The national factory of 12,000 people, the Shanghai factory of 19,000 people, initially replaced one worker with three robots, in line with the penetration rate of 5% of two factories in the United States, corresponding to nearly 10,000 self-service needs. If the US rises to 30% penetration, 1.5 robots replace one worker with 40,000 robots.
If the cost drops to $20,000, the economy becomes obvious, and the outer space opens up: initially, three robots replace one worker at a cost of half a million dollars, corresponding to two years of the week for US labour costs and 10 years for China. But if the cost falls to 140,000 dollars for calculation, 1.5 robots replace them.
A worker, corresponding to 0.3 years of the US return cycle and 1.5 years of China’s return cycle. The body implementer is initially scheduled to be the most core component, closely coordinated, technically capable of achieving the standard, and the follow-on fine-tuning will remain the main supply position, with attention to large-scale volume reductions: at present, the otimus electron executor system.
The design and performance of the joint programme directly affect the scope, accuracy and reliability of the movement.
Figure 21: Teslaoptimus' body consists of 28 executors (electric + drive + mechanical drive, etc.) Rotation executors primarily achieve joint rotational motion, with the modem modeming component: The Rotation executor consists of "unboxed server + harmonic decelerator + power drive + Ionization sensor + encoder".
Linear executors have a structure similar to human muscles, which essentially achieves straight movement of joints, moving components are roller staves/ ladder staves: the line executor consists of "boxless server + planetary roller staves/ staves + power drive + force transferor + encoder".
Figure 22: Rotation executor and straight line executor structure splitting map Rotation executor: the core is a harmonic decelerator, a torque engine plus a high deceleration compared to the deceleration, with a strong advantage of smaller size + torque. The deceleration device can be significantly upgraded.
Torque output values, suitable for applications with a corresponding high torque density. Harmonizers have an advantage in size and strength, but are less transparent and require a torque sensor. The share of domestic harmonics is gradually increasing. Harmonizers are made up of flexible wheels, steel wheels and wave generators, with key fingers.
In the early days of Tesla, we expected to use mainly Hamernaco products, but to test green symphony products simultaneously, and green symmetry with green symphony.
The high-end deceleration price is larger and the unit cost of the implementer is expected to reach 1.5k/number. The current collator price is higher, and we expect the price to drop to $500-800/number with the massive release of human robots.
The individual price of the body rotation executor (electric + harmonizer + encoder + controller) is expected to fall to 1.5 k/one, with a robotic value of around $20,000.
Electric + silk poles meet the load, accuracy, etc. of straight-line motion. Human robots have two feet, two arms with a pole-link structure, and the end of a pole with an "electric + bar" structure that meets rigidity, load, kinetic accuracy and continuity requirements.
The process and the equipment together form the bar. The hard part of the bar is precision control, in particular the accuracy of the 6-12 small rollers around is at the level of c2, or the position is exchanged to create noise and carton. From a process perspective, thermal treatment (impact life), grinding (impact accuracy), assembly (impact consistency) are at the core; and secondly, equipment.
Precision requirements are very high, especially for precision equipment, which comes mainly from Sani, Japan, and Hoffman, Germany, for a period of 1-2 years. Domestic manufacturers speed up the delivery of samples, and the cost of subsequent linear executors is expected to drop to $30,000.
The front stage is still in the functional validation phase, where Tesla rolls the bars are expected to be supplied first by Shefler, and the World Wide Energizes part of the supply, but at a high price. The country’s Northern Technologies, Best, Heat hydraulics, New Swords, etc., are accelerating their delivery, but they are still in the certification phase. We expect single-root prices to drop to $2,000 after the breakthrough.
The price of a sex executor fell to $3,000 (eight for a robot) and the price of a t-type executor to $1,500 (six for a robot), at a total cost of about $30,000 for a single robot.
The triple advantage lies in customer relations, hardware and software technology, precision processing capacity: the implementer consists of hardware and software-related encoders, controllers, which need to control high accuracy, precision processing, and integration capabilities, while the triple electron inflating valves have a global share of more than 50 per cent, fully validating their hardware and software capabilities.
Since 2022, the company has been working with overseas companies to develop implementers, and has been adapting and feedback technology programmes over a period of three years, requiring the company to improve drawings and produce samples. The new manufacturer, moving from a thread to an executor, will take two years, and it will be difficult for the company to do the same.
The core parts (stalkers, slowers) are not technically rigid in the long run, they are tied to the client's depth, they are the most central barriers, and the power plants are now self-made, and the follow-up core parts are expected to be fully self-made. In large-scale post-partum periods, we expect the level of profit to be equal to the normal zero-carbon level, and the company, as Tierl, is in the industrial chain.
In January of 24th year, the three flower announcement will invest $5 billion in Hangzhou, of which $1.2 billion will be used to build a base for the production of transformers, $3.8 billion for the production of robotic enforcers and domain controllers, while the first stage of production is still being produced at the company’s headquarters.
Overseas production bases have been established in the United States, Mexico, Poland, Viet Nam, Thailand, India, etc., and globalized production and supply arrangements have been developed, with Mexican factories expected to be productive in 26 years. Following this, new implementers production lines will be added to Thai factories to address potential tariff risks, and we expect 25h2 to be gradually produced.
Tesla human robotic implementer spatial calculation: The price of a robotic implementer is expected to increase by 200,000 yuan in the initial release, and the price is expected to drop to around $50,000 in the post-partum period, or 40% of the cost. In terms of share, we expect 3. Zero: technology creates high barriers, 25 years of recovery.
The heat management system includes the cockpit and power system, the heat management of the motor system, the relative complexity of the thermal management of the electric vehicle, and the addition of a new heat system for the cockpit heat system and the three electrical systems, respectively. (Fuel car residual heat can be used to cool water by cooling water.)
Heating cockpit, no heating of motors. Electrical car heat management systems add a variety of electronic parts with a single vehicle value of $3 k+. Fuel car heat management is dominated by machine parts and components, including evaporation, compressors, condensers, radiators, pumps, swelling water tanks, cooling fluids,
Cylinders, oil coolers, thermostats, etc., while electric car power systems heat management, new heat exchangers, multi-channel valves, sub-inflated valves, ptc, etc., cockpit heat management increases electron inflation valves, cut-off valves, quadrant valves, etc., in order to control heat management trend I: heat pumpation, single-carrying value close to $1,000
Thermal heat pumping in electric cars, including heat pumps, direct heat at ptc, water heaters, etc., heat-pumping air-conditioning systems are more similar to those used for home-based air-conditioning, with a multi-channel switch to the cooler, compared to the direct ptc heater, with an energy efficiency factor of more than 1, 2 times higher than ptc, lower energy consumption and maximum continuity.
The heat pump system is more complex in structure, with incremental parts including electronic expansion valves, valves such as multi-cooler valves, and gas liquid separators, with a single-car value raised by $500-1,000 over the ptc system.
Integrated heat management systems use multi-channel valves or tubeways to connect batteries, electrical power control and air-conditioning systems to form a large loop loop to integrate energy tubes. As in the case of Telamodely, eight valves (like four valves) are designed to achieve battery, electrical, and air-conditioning.
The combination of the three main circuits and the combinations, we expect a single-car value to be more than Model3 + 1 k +. Integration has increased, car-to-car parts have increased, and product-line-rich suppliers have increased.
The product line is rich, and in Teslamodel3 and Modery it is constantly expanding, with a single-car value of up to $300+ and a single-car price of up to $6,000 for integrated products such as Volvo. In 23 years, the stock of three-flower-in-carrying products increased by 66 per cent (32 per cent of the total gas zero).
3.2. Heat management value: high value of the heat pump integration module, high value of the three flower focus valve & pump & integrated module Thermal management system has a single vehicle price of $5,000-7,000, of which the heat pump integration vehicle value is $2,000-2500, which involves a large number of spare parts, including valves, pumps, etc.; second value of the front end and air conditioning module, $1,200; electric compression
The value of the economy-type heat management system will decline, such as Teslamq feedback, which will reduce the refrigerant side by three flower-focused valves, pumps, integrated modules, and provide an average of around $2,000 per vehicle value for the company tier1.
In the case of pumps, three flowers also supply electric pumps, electric pumps, etc., with a single vehicle value of about $500-700; in addition, three flowers supply heat pumps, while competitive heat exchangers, etc., are less involved. The overall average single car value is about $2,000.
3.3.24 Global electric vehicle heat pump integration space is about 40 billion, and the three flower global heat management market accounts for 25% + the global electric vehicle heat pump integration space is about 40 billion in 24 years, doubling in 2030. We measure global electric vehicles in 24 years, with heat management system space exceeding 95 billion, of which core parts, such as pump valves, are about 40 billion.
Industry demand grew by 25 per cent in 25 years, core integrated market space, such as valve pumps, is projected to be 47 billion yuan in 2030 space, with the highest concentration of valves, including electro-inflated valves, quadruple valves, electromagnetic valves, etc., with a three-coloured share of 53 per cent of the world ' s global market in 2023 using electro-inflated valves, followed by non-college machines.
The city of electronic expansion valves accounts for 19% of the total, and the country’s shield has moved from the air conditioning sector to the car’s electronic expansion valve in 23 years, accounting for 17% of the total. For the integrated component, the market accounted for 65.7%, followed by the Japanese electric appliances 17%, and France’s Fareo 9%.
The global market space for core spare parts, such as a turnor pump, was 40 billion, with a 35 per cent increase (not taking into account air conditioners and front end modules, electron compressors, ptc, water coolers, etc.), based on a projected 10 to 11 billion increase in revenue from three-flash zero operations in 2024.
In contrast to competitors, the three-flower heat management system, which is large and has high supply barriers, has a Māori rate of 27 per cent, which is higher than Tupou 18 per cent, Shield 21 per cent, and Silver Wheel 17 per cent. The price of the product is stable, falling by about 2-3 per cent annually, and the level of profitability is stable.
3.4. Three-brand smart control: product extension, wide client base, global capacity three-flower product advantage: valves, pumps are at the core, extending to system integration. Research and development of electronic growth valves for vehicles began, production started in 2014, and the first-ever electronic expansion valve for vehicles was created, with a global share of over 50 per cent.
The electron expansion valves are complex, combined with hardware and software, and three flower patents are perfected to construct barriers: they are complex in terms of vehicle conditions, and they are highly demanding for the sealing and durability of the electron expansion valves. The electron expansion valves consist mainly of valves, pressure sensors, temperature sensors, and controllers, which control the flow by controlling the step-in machines. The mechanical component consists of two parts, the valves and the coils.
The valve process focuses in part on machine processing, assembly, welding and total assembly testing; the coil component focuses in part on the production, sealing, and electrical performance testing of the linear bag.
Figure 41: Three-flower electron expansion valve patent Figure 40: Electronic expansion valve composition and process Clients include major global car companies, 24 years of domestic ownership branding and new power releases, slowing down customers abroad
In terms of client structure, the company's share of corporate income from head-to-head overseas is close to 30-35 per cent, with a slight decline in 24 years, but 25 years of new models on the market, and overseas head-to-head sales are expected to return to 20 per cent + growth; the second largest client is Biadi, which provides a large-calibre needle valve, with a single-car value of around $600.
10 per cent of corporate income +; second, Cyrus, Gilly, Ideal, Mi and others, respectively, Cyrus and Mi, with a single-car value of around $2k and an ideal close to sole-source supply; and the company has set up large orders for Europe, American automobile companies (the general public, BMW, Volvo, stellantis, etc.) and we expect to contribute with overseas vehicle-type operations over the 25-26 years.
The world’s five major production bases, currently concentrated in the country, are planned to build Mexico and Poland: Hangzhou, Shao Heng Bay, Mexico, Poland, and India. They are now mainly based in the interior. It is proposed to finance the construction of Mexican and Polish bases abroad, of which Mexican bases have invested $1.05 billion in the construction of 8 million products, with production scheduled for 2026; Polish factories are planned to invest in them.
The company’s capacity is high: 1,813,000 electronic expansion valves were sold in 2023, with 92 per cent capacity utilization, 2.27 million components, with 88 per cent capacity utilization. The country’s proposed construction of the Guangdong project, with $2.05 billion in investment.
4. Household power: The refrigerants and components have a strong backbone, strong performance growth 4.1. The domestic economy is changing with old, low-intensity penetration from overseas, with three core domestic power operations: space refrigeration, microchannels, and megga pumps.
Space refrigeration: its AC electro-inflated valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, etc. have the world’s largest market share. Companies have a deep technological accumulation and market base in the field of refrigeration and AC electrical parts. 2024h1 has an operating income of $8.279 billion, an increase of 7.43% over the same period, of which the electronic expansion valves have the highest unit price.
Microchannels: one of the main manufacturers of microchannel heat exchangers, whose products include condensers, evapours, heat pumps, etc., not only maintain a leading market share, but also have a significant technical advantage.
Renovation, with technological barriers consolidating their share in the saturation market, while the incremental market of dishwashers, central air conditioners, etc. has great potential, and its key components are expected to drive growth. Overseas: high temperatures fuel Europe’s 24-year recovery of demand, and low penetration of overseas markets.
Frequent and low air-conditioning penetration has led to rapid growth in the sale of air-conditioning, the digestion of large stocks, the sale of 17,750 thousand air-conditioning units throughout the cold year, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same year, with lower air-conditioning penetration rates in India, Africa, etc., and greater space in the future, with the company ' s main valves ranking first in 24 cold years, with an overall market share of 43 per cent.
According to Frost Sullivan, in 2023, the company's share in the global market was 58.7%, 58.1%, 42.9%, 37.0%, and 52.6%, compared to the market share of the oga pump, based on the volume of shipments.
The concentration of the industry has risen, with the company’s total market share reaching 43% in 23 years. Global market concentration has increased as the technical barriers to and advantages of the RAC component have become more evident.
5. Profit forecasting and valuation. The components and components business of the air-conditioning refrigerators: the company has worked for many years in this field, is closely connected to its head customers, interest rates have stabilized overall and the competitive pattern has been more stable, and we expect the company to earn the business in 2024-2026, respectively.
Auto parts and components business: company products are highly superior, industry head clients are fully covered, and we expect company 2024-robot business: company research and development around machine and electrical executives, in collaboration with overseas head customers, in real terms, we make profit predictions and investment proposals: company leads in global heat management, technology leads internationally, and I grow in space.
The company's average value was 41/33 times higher in 2025/2026, taking into account the company's traditional soundness, human robotics, 1) human robots are not as popular as expected. Human robots are promoted by existing technology, user acceptance, and the use of robots.
There are multiple impacts, such as the need for a specific application scenario, and uncertainty about the pace of commercialization may be detrimental to the industrial chain. 2) Tesla human robot production is less advanced than expected. Tesla human robot production is leading the industry, with adverse effects on upstream suppliers if it continues to lag behind.
The company’s high rate of market participation in auto parts and components will have a negative impact on the industrial chain if the new energy vehicle industry is weak. 4) The risk of increased competition. The firm’s deep-farming industry has for years created a stronger competitive advantage, if not sustainable in the future.
Maintaining a competitive advantage in terms of technological innovation, product types, market services, etc., may run the risk of falling market shares and slowing down the pace of development.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.