Ocean River shares (00204), food drinks, steady progress, forward movement, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
billion yuan, i.e. + 11.5 per cent; of this amount, 51.1 billion yuan was earned in 19q2 seasons, i.e. 2.1 per cent, net profit for mothers, i.e. 15.60 billion yuan, i.e. + 2 per cent. • Corporate proactive strategic adjustments, i.e. a slow growth rate.
Growth, with proactive strategic adjustments. 1 - Sub-products, the dream series has remained steady and robust in control. 2 - Sub-region - 1 has slowed down the rate of income from white wine at $7.7 billion in the province, compared to 2.7 per cent in the province, but consumption has continued to rise, with a clear trend towards rising the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky and the blue of the dream.
Intra-provincial competition has intensified, companies have been actively adjusting their channels, cleaning up their stocks, and promoting sustainable development. 2) Outside the province, $7.8 billion, or more than +19%, has been achieved in excess of the economy. Under the Xinjiang Su market strategy, the off-provincial market has maintained a high growth trend, focusing on model markets such as Henan, Shandong, Anhui, Zhejiang, etc.
In 18 years, the market is over 1 billion, and new markets such as Jiangxi, Guangdong, Fujian and others are rapidly expanding. The structure and stock levels of the markets are better than in the provinces.
In the first half of the year, the company had a 73.1% rate of liquor, a 0.55 percentage point decline in the same year, mainly due to the company ' s upgrading of soft quality; the overall cost rate increased by 0.4 to 14.4 percentage points, the main factor being 0.5 percentage points, and the cost of selling equal to +16.8 per cent if the sales cost increased by 0.5 percentage points, the main reason being that it was competitive.
The cost of advertising promotions (+22%) has increased significantly, and the provincial readjustment of the salaries of employees resulting from the expansion of the provincial channels and the expansion of the provincial channels has led to positive nationalization. 1. Competition in the Jiangsu market has taken a number of steps this year in terms of organizational structure, personnel, channels, etc., including the establishment of marketing districts, needles, etc. in priority markets.
Effective cost investment in channels, improved management of channels, improved off-the-shelf income ratios in the provincial market after adjustment, pushed the ocean river from pan-regional wine to national wine. Ocean river shares (002304); 19q1 performance exceeded expectations.
3. Ocean River shares (002.04): brands, products, channels Trinity, with both provincial and extra-provincial markets moving hand in hand
(2018-11-28) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.