On August 23, 2024, YunzeTech published its semi-annual performance for 2024. The 1h24 company achieved a revenue of 3.58 billion yuan, compared to the previous year.
A growth of 112.5 per cent; a net return of 970 million yuan; a 37.6 per cent increase in the same year; and a deduction of non-net profit of 950 million yuan, a 35.9 per cent increase in the same quarter, q2 achieved an income of 2.3 billion yuan, a 167 per cent increase in the same quarter, a billion yuan increase in the same year, a 27.6 per cent increase in the same year and a 1.9 per cent increase in the same period.
In terms of client diversity, idc has added a number of Internet head clients to further enhance corporate business stability. In terms of ai business expansion, aidc industry has taken the lead in covering the head of ai, successfully managing a new round of technological and industrial changes and sustaining it for the long term.
A solid foundation has been laid for the lead. Developments have been steady, and “idc leads” has continued to be strong. According to the consultant, 2023 of the country's idc city has a size of $50.78 billion, a 25.6 per cent increase, benefiting from the digital transformation and the rapid development of the ai technology, idc.
Demand continues to grow. With scarce resources available in high-quality cabinets in the first line of cities, companies’ forward-looking deployment of the national “integrated computing center system” reveals a scarcity advantage. Companies increase their low-power machine upgrades and super-power adaptations to match market boom demand and enhance differentiated competitiveness; energy consumption indicators are increasing significantly, up from late 2023.
About 60% long; about 76,000 computer cabinets for 1h24, with more than 90% of mature computing centers. A new opportunity for Aidc, with a second growth curve, has performed well. Arithmetic cluster size index-level growth, smartness, demand surges.
The core training module is deployed by the head client to the company intelligence centre to achieve the goal of joining the big end model to start, grow and grow, and to give new impetus to continued high-speed development.
Liquid Cold Design Innovation Optimizes and Leads Arithmetic Center Industries Green. Thanks for the company's \triangleright as the "Little Cold Lead"
Headline enterprises, self-researching technologies are fully applied to the country’s new multi-campaign intelligence centre, creatively completing the design of a multi-dimensional integration architecture infrastructure with high power, high computing networks, high storage, multimodules, and providing full-scale support for the 100 billion-degree model training.
The KICC is moving forward. The green power trade continues, with a total volume of 1h24 green power trading of nearly 400 million kWh, adding a new one for lune technology (300442.sz) in the first quarter of 2024, two of which are known as the National Green Data Centre 2023.
In-depth report on Yunzer Technologies (300442.sz): campus level double and nine times. Data centres are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the light of industrial trends such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and 5g.
5. The semi-annual 2023 edition of lunzeTechnology (300442.sz) draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, presents the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.