lunze technology (300442.sz) The national layout is beginning to yield results with a long-term outlook for the Arithmetic Data Centre, with an increase of 112 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of 970 million dollars, an increase of 38 per cent over the same period; realization of deductions
The net return to the mother was 950 million yuan, an increase of 35.9 per cent over the same period. In the single quarter, the company achieved business income of 2.33 billion yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 167 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was 490 million yuan, an increase of 32 per cent over the same period, continuing a high growth rate of one quarter.
In the first half of the year, Idc received $1.52 billion, an increase of 0.19 per cent over the same period, and Māori fell by 5.48 per cent, mainly due to upgrading of the galleries, depreciation ahead of schedule, and financial indicators are expected to improve gradually with the subsequent increase in the occupancy rate; and Aidc received $2,054 million in the first half of the year, a significant increase over the same period.
The idc cabinet has almost completed the national layout, with a 60% increase in the energy consumption target. It is now in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, and a cluster of aaidc smart computing infrastructure, with a cumulative stock of 61 centres of intelligence and about 320,000 machines.
By the end of the first half of the year, there were about 76,000 computer cabinets and over 90% of mature computing centres. At the same time, the stock of energy consumption indicators for the company as a whole grew again by about 60% over the end of 2023, making it stable for the company in the long term.
The engine room has been completely upgraded and has successfully opened up its head Internet customers. Given the heavy capacity of the i-server, and the increasing volume of its computing power, the company, on the one hand, has taken the initiative to increase its capacity to meet this demand.
On the other hand, the company's mind has been super-powered for the uncompleted calculations to match the high-power market demand of high-speed technology rotations. On this basis, the company has successfully opened up a number of Internet head customers, not just the original ones.
lunze technology (300442.sz) - Active promotion of liquid cold and smart algorithms, distribution of returns of advantage to operators clients. lunze technology (300442.sz) - Ideal business expansion is going well and traditional idc is moving steadily
The company leads the technology. The company, as the owner of the IQC chain, takes the lead in the Kyotsu Park and the Runze Technology (300442.sz) - project delivery steady, the active layout of the liquid cold mind, the deployment of arithmetic modules in the Long Triangle, winning the head client of the ai. At the same time, the company will self-research.
"Runze Technology (300442.sz) - Reorganisation of the Campus Data Centre Enterprise, which combines a single building area of approximately 220,000 square metres and an int power exceeding 200 mw, within the theoretical distance constraint.
Investment advice: to maintain profit forecasts and a “better than the big city” rating. q2 corporate quarterly revenue growth rate of 167%, high innovation, and revenue sustainability with the increase in the number of installed cabinets.
The company’s profits increased by 38% in the first half of the year, less than the revenue increase, mainly as a result of the company’s start-up to renovate its traditional machinehouses and the construction of new ones, with a higher overall depreciation amortization. The company’s Māori q2 rate has declined significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in the share of Aidc business.
For resale patterns, the overall Māori rate is low, at 22 per cent in the first half of the year, reducing the overall Māori rate level and net interest rate.
The company ' s ongoing construction and fixed assets continued to grow in the first half of 24 months, reflecting the company ' s continuing investment phase and the gradual landing of idc resources throughout the country, as well as significant improvements in the cash flow and ring ratio of the company ' s operations in the second quarter of 24 years, mainly a decrease in its inventory in the operations of Aidc.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.