In the first three quarters, the company had lost its profits and its profitability had increased significantly.
In the first three quarters, the company reversed its losses, mainly as a result of (1) lower fuel prices and higher electricity levels in the country, (2) higher profits from Singapore operations, and (3) higher returns on investment as a result of the company ' s transfer of 49 per cent of the shares of its subsidiary, Energy Development Co. Ltd., Huagen Sichuan. 2023q3, the company.
The return of $6,5289 million was realized, a decrease of 2.67 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $6,255 million, a gain on the same year, mainly because (1) fuel prices fell in the same year in the country and (2) the transfer of 49 per cent of Sichuan ' s equity contributed to an increase in investment returns in the same year.
Companies’ profitability has benefited from falling fuel prices. In the previous three quarters, the company’s Māori rate was 12.86%, an increase of 10.33 percentage points in the same year; the net interest rate was 7.03%, an increase of 10.01 percentage points in the same year.
In the first three quarters, the average price of electricity settled online at each of the company’s running power plants was RMB 509.66/MWh, an increase of 0.52 per cent in the same year; in the first three quarters, the company’s running power plants accumulated 337,380 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, an increase of 5.38 per cent in the same year, and the company’s electricity operations increased at a very high price.
As the company’s wind power and photovoltaic capacity continued to grow, the generation of new energy sources continued to grow at a faster rate, and the amount of wind power and light-voltaic electricity on the company’s power plant in the previous three quarters had increased significantly over the same period.
With a capacity of 13151 million kilowatts and a larger capacity. According to the semi-annual report of 2023, more than 55% of the company ' s coal-fired units are large units of over 600,000 kilowatts, including 16 supercritical supercritical units of 1 million kilowatt class already in production and the first ultracritical secondary reheating technology in the country.
Coal-fired generators are more sophisticated in their equipment, with seven-fold, seven-fold, and six-fold equivalents, maintaining a firm’s “buy-in” rating. Coal-power price volatility risks; new energy projects are not moving as fast as expected.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.