Digital telecommunications dual power, high-speed weather, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre recommended logic: 1) Global light module market favourable, 2021-2026 cagr = 14%: Global cloud
Under trends such as chemization, meta-cosm, and e-statistics, demand on the side of the tectonics is over-expected, cloud company capex is up, guiding demand for high-speed light modules; 5g construction continues, policies such as gigabytes of fibres support 10g pon development of the access network, and demand on the side of telecommunications is steadily recovering; 2) product foresight: the lead is low, and companies are taking the lead.
800g product based on the membrane lithium phosphate modem, the silicon light company alpine acquired, coded upstream, silicon chip layouts, hardened 800 g with the technical barriers of the silicon light era; 3) long-term profitability ahead: alpine supply chain advantage with light, electric chip plus firm cost control capability of the company plus positive expansion plus strong scale
On the digital side, traffic outbreaks, structural upgrades, and idc's bottom demand for high-speed light modules, the North American Internet top4 aggregate capex ratio, 2021
Dell'oroggroup predicts that in 2021-2026, the country’s construction of 5g is still at its peak, and a gradual recovery of 5g overseas in the medium-to-long term will open up the gap of growth on the telecommunications side. gsma predicts that global mobile operators’ 5g-related capex will total more than $500 billion in 22-25 years.
In terms of access, omdia projects global pon equipment access market cagr = 12.3% in 20-27, multi-product forward layouts, front-line technology that continues to support growth. Companies launched 400g samples in 2018, 400g bulk deliveries in 2019, 800g samples in 2020, and new products were developed and launched.
In April 2022, the company completed its acquisition of Silicon Light Division alpine and successfully launched 400g, 800g modules and 400g based on silicon light.
For procurement purposes, the subsidiary alpine is an important supplier of the company's photo, electron chips, and in 2020 the company purchased alpine as a whole.
27.1% of alpine’s competitive price can reduce the cost of company procurement while ensuring stability of the company’s supply chain in the face of upstream supply constraints or poor procurement. On the cost side, the company’s overhead rates, sales costs, are lower than the industry’s averages, and actively expand capacity to maintain cost control at the advantage of scale.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals. The net return profits of the company are expected to remain at a compound growth rate of 20.9 per cent over the next three years. Coverage is rated as “buy-in.” Assuming that 1:4.25 g points against the light module product are low-end products in the company’s product, optimized with product structure, no
And the company's core business. Due to stable product patterns and market patterns, it is expected to have a unit selling price, a unit cost guarantee assume 2: benefit from the accelerated pace of construction of mega-data centres for domestic and foreign Internet producers, and a warmer 5g network, with a rapidly growing demand for high-speed light modules of 4.25 g and above, in particular 100 g and above. The company will have in place in 2022.
The market believes that the company's deep-seated large telecommunications customers (the top five clients account for more than 50 per cent of the total, and the top five customers in the middle) are more affected by the country's 5g construction process, and that the 5g base station has not been built as expected in the last two years. We believe that 1) as the first-largest customer, the ratio in 2021 was 36.2 per cent, with low dependence and with North America.
Clients continue to break through, and the company ' s client structure will be more diversified. (2) The company ' s early deployment of the telecommunications light module was pre-eminent in the era of the 2/3g, 4g low-speed light module, which provided the basis for the production of high-speed light modules in a number of fields. (3) Market demand is concentrated abroad, with the company ' s overseas revenue rate rising from 36.2 per cent in 2017 to 78.2 per cent in 2021.
1) The company completes the stock transfer to the offshore subsidiary alpine, speeds up the silicon light field, keeps the industry ahead of the front, silicon light, match light, etc. 2) In 2021, the overseas collection ratio increased significantly by 22.7 pp to 78.2%, and high-end marketers, we use the pe index to value the company, taking into account the continuing high demand for 400g and 5g module customers
This has increased, with companies relying on leading technological strengths, outstanding cost control capabilities, continuously optimized processes, core competition, downstream customer orders risk, core technology breakthroughs and industrialization processes less than expected, the risk of China-United States trade friction affecting the stability of the company's supply chain, exchange gains and losses, etc.
Over a dozen vehicles in the field of deep-dry communications, with a sustained increase in net revenue from 1.1 focussed on the operation of the communications module, and deep-seated management industry focussed on the operation of the communications module, and over a dozen focussed on the operation of the communications module.
In July 2011, a fully-owned subsidiary, Sichuan, was set up in Chengsheng City in July 2011 and changed as a whole in December 2011 to be incorporated as a limited company and listed on a deep-seated business board in 2016. Over the next two years, the company formed a fully-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong's New Emancipation and the United States' New Emancipation, which is responsible for opening overseas markets, accelerating the internationalization of the company and completing the process in 2022.
The company started with telecommunication light module development, then expanded the production line to a digital field, with a two-size dynamic. Since its inception, the company has focused on the development, production, design, testing and sale of light modules, with 100 g light module delivery capacity in 2016, 400g high-speed light module delivery capacity in 2019, currently public.
The Division already has the production capacity of 800 g light modules, which are expected to be produced in the second half of 2022. The company’s operations cover a full range of optical modules for optical communications applications, and products are sold at home and abroad, and are widely used in such industries as data broadband, telecommunications, fttx, data centres, security surveillance and smart power grids.
Figure 1: Corporate development history Corporate control is stable, management industry has a strong background and technical experience. The actual controlling person is the chairman of the board, the director, Huang Xiaoray, who holds 16.9 per cent of the shares together, and the top six shareholders of the company are individual shareholders, with a total shareholding of 30 per cent.
With the exception of Han Yulan, who is Huang Xiaoray's mother-in-law, there is no correlation. The corporate equity structure is more fragmented, but the management structure is more stable and the control is more stable.
The company has four wholly-owned subsidiaries: Sichuan, Sichuan, Hong Kong, the United States, and alpine. Sichuan, which is the company’s main production base.
In December 2020, the company raised $1.33 billion in replenishment to implement a high-speed light module production line project. Alpine has an outstanding research and development capability in silicon light modules, associated light modules, and silicon photo chip technology.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (as of the first quarter of 2022) Stock buy-back plan completed, showing good performance. In May 2021, the company issued a stock buy-back plan, which is intended to be fully covered by 1.2 applications, with major North American clients breaking through.
The company's main products are light modules and light components, which include point-to-point modules and pon-light modules. The point-to-point modules are applied in physics. Links to single-point light networks, such as fibre-optic rings, web-like networks, fibre-optics, and pon-optic modules are used in objects.
Connectivity is based on a single point-to-multipoint no-source light network (pon). The annual report reveals that companies currently offer over 3,000 different types of light module products, with high-speed products of 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g for cloud data centre customers; and provide telecommunications equipment vendor customers with high-speed products for 5g forward, medium and medium.
25g, 50g, 100g/200g light module products: and light modules for use in urban area networks, backbone networks and core network transmissions; provision of light module solutions for smart power grids and security surveillance network service providers. By type, the company ' s products are basically covered by digital connectivity and mainstream demand in the telecommunications field; and, in downstream industries, mainly the telecommunications network (fttx,lte) is covered.
In terms of speed, the company’s product base covers three levels: high, medium, and low. Particularly in the digital field, the company is the world’s few suppliers with the ability to deliver 400g/800g series of products.
Lightware represents the largest share of the purchase costs of light module manufacturers. According to the ofweek data (2018), light device components account for the largest portion of light module costs, up to 73%. In light unit components, Tosa and Rossa have higher technical barriers and are the main costs, 48% and 32% respectively.
Tosa and Rossa, respectively, account for the largest share of the cost. Direct purchasing and commissioning parallels.
For some of the technology indicators, the company provides the main raw materials, technical indicators, and process requirements, and the processor is required to encumber them. The commissioning method effectively reduces the cost of purchasing the optical devices.
During the year, the company’s main commissioning processors included the storage of technology, cloud and light power, and well-developed offshore distribution channels, with significant cost control capabilities. The company’s downstream customers included manufacturers and distributors of telecommunications equipment, ultimately domestic and foreign communications equipment, Internet manufacturers, etc.
Foreign customers are sold mainly through distributors. Local dealers abroad are more familiar with the rules of the transaction and can effectively reduce operating and communication costs. As companies expand their overseas markets, Hong Kong, a fully-owned subsidiary, was established in 2016 and 2017, and the United States is new and responsible for the further development and consolidation of overseas customers.
The company’s main clients are the central communications, fire communications, Nokia, Ericsson, and so on. Over the past five years, the top five clients of the company have been concentrated at more than 50%.
At a higher level, central communications continued to be the top customer for six years. In 2018, central communications were restricted by the United States to raw materials for its imports, with the corresponding contraction in related business, the prices and sales of products sold to them by companies declined, and the first largest was the decline in sales by clients, with domestic revenue falling. In 2021, it benefited from higher demand from overseas customers.
In the future, with the company ' s successful validation and import of North American customers, there is still room for rising overseas earnings, with the client structure shown in figure 4: the sales of the company ' s top five clients and its first largest customers.
Figure 5: Main income composition of companies (by region) 2 data centres + 5g double-wheel drive, light module industry ups and 2.1 national producers rose in the 400g era, and 800g is expected to consolidate the advantage
The light module is a basic component of optical communications, which completes the connection between light and electricity. The light communication system uses fibre-optics as a medium for transmission, so the signal is a light signal, and the analysis and processing of information requires a telecom state. The light module is one of the core components of the fibre-optic communication system and is the most important component of the light communication equipment, as the light-to-electric world.
Interlinkage channels, the primary function of which is to achieve PV conversion. The light module consists of, inter alia, a light reception module, a light delivery module, a one-to-one module and a light transmission module, consisting mainly of light-launching components (including lasers), a light-receiving component (including light detectors), drive circuits and light, electrical interfaces, etc.
The light module is located in the chain of the light communication industry. The light communications industry has a high up-and-down concentration, which includes mainly the optical, integrated circuit chip and pcb industries. The technical barriers are higher upstream and the R & D inputs are high. The chips are mainly provided by overseas manufacturers such as Finisar, Lumentum, and a small number of domestic manufacturers have done their own research in the chip field.
The rate of domestic production is expected to increase continuously. There are more suppliers in the lightware industry. Downstream light communication operators are more concentrated, with China, China, China, etc., becoming industry leaders and occupying a larger share of the market, serving mainly the operator-based telecommunications market and the Internet-based digital market. The telecommunications market is dominated by three major operators: mobile, connectivity, telecommunications, etc.
Operators purchase light-module manufacturers through network equipment manufacturers. Many markets are represented by overseas Internet companies, amazon, facebook, google, microsoft and domestic Internet giants, Alibaba, and 100 degrees, generally working directly with light-module manufacturers.
Figure 8: The light module is located in the optical communication industry chain, and the product rate is repeated every three to five years, and the market is faster than the telecommunications market. With rapid changes in communications, computing techniques, the associated downstream applications are on the rise, data flows continue to grow, leading to an increase in the luminous module rate.
The sector is characterized by rapid product rotation, with a new generation of technology leading to a downward trend in the prices of mature products entering the production phase of mass production. For example, the data centre product 100g was deployed from 2016 onwards, with only a small number of manufacturers with delivery capacity and an increasing number of producers with productive capacity in 2017, with 100g products being realized.
Large-scale deliveries, demand growth remained strong in 2017-2018, and demand for 100g products remained stable in 2021, thanks to a certain value-for-money advantage. Currently, some North American Internet customers are actively deploying 400g, 800g light modules, and domestic Internet manufacturers are actively deploying 200g, 400g products.
Global light market size = 14% over the next six years, with high-speed modules as the main driving force. According to light counting, the global market for light modules reached $8 billion in 2020, with a ratio of over 50% to over 50% and telecommunications module to over 30%. The global market for light modules is expected to grow to $17.6 billion by 2026.
The sales of the Ether Netlight module were $4.6 billion in 2021, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period, with a larger increase in the sales of 400g products and a small supply of 800g products. In the future, as new technologies such as the ai, the meta-cosmos and the network flow continue to grow steadily over time, sales of the Ether Net module will continue to grow faster and continue to overlap.
In recent years, some overseas manufacturers have gradually withdrawn from the light module market, moved to upstream chips, devices, etc. through acquisitions, mergers, etc., and domestic players are increasingly investing in technology, relying on low-cost, high-quality technology.
National producers, represented by the new euphoria, the mesmeral boom, have taken the lead in the 400g/800g high-speed field, leading the global competition. Domestic producers have already taken the lead in 400g, and now the main domestic light model manufacturers are starting to deploy 800g module products earlier than overseas leaders and are expected to continue to consolidate in the 800g era.
China’s producers are gradually leading the world, with a combined share of national producers reaching 40% in 2020. According to the vole data, both photosynchronous technology and mesocent are ranked fifth in the world’s market share of light modules in 2019, with 10% and 9% respectively, and show that China’s light-module manufacturers have gradually increased their position in the global market.
The share of U.S. light-moderator ii-vi (formerly fansar) lumentum is 3% lower than in 2019. According to the lightcounting rating, in 2020, five of the world’s ten largest light-module manufacturers were Chinese, including the center Xin Xin, Hae-shin broadband, Hae-jung technology, and the Chinese industry, as well as New Emancipation.
In 2021, the global light-module supplier, Top10 Chinese manufacturer, occupied five places, Middle Xinjiang and ii-vi ranked first, and New Easily upgraded to two sevenths. In the future, the share of the home-grown light-module manufacturer is expected to increase further as domestic manufacturers achieve a scale of 800g products, adding to the accelerated landing of China’s 5g network and data centre construction.
2.2 The traffic outbreak leads to long-term growth and high-speed digital product prospects The supply end: data centre construction, architecture upgrades, opening up new growth spaces. The light module is an important part of the data centre's idc light communications network. Data connectivity in data centres depends on light communications.
Digital light module applications in data centres can be divided into three categories by type of connection: 1) interconnectivity between data centre internal switches, servers and switches for the storage, generation and excavation of information, 71.5 per cent; 2) interconnectivity between multiple data centres for data replication, software and system upgrades, 13.6 per cent); 3) data centres to users for use by users.
The growth in demand for light modules within the data centre was driven by two factors: (a) the rapid expansion of data traffic, which led to the construction of the data centre and increased demand for light modules; and (b) the shift in the data centre from the traditional three-storey structure to the foliage structure, with a significant increase in demand for high-speed light modules.
Data flows burst, pulling down demand for data centres. According to idc, the global data volume in 2018 was 30 zb, the rapid development of information technology, such as cloud computing, big data, physical networking, artificial intelligence, and digital transformation of traditional industries led to a geometric increase in global data volume, which is expected to grow to 163 zb by 2025, more than fivefold.
National data generation accounted for about 23% of global data production, 6.9zb, compared with 7.9zb in 2020, representing 18%. Data centre numbers continue to grow rapidly, and the number of megadata centres worldwide will break the 1,000 mark over the next three years. The number of Synergys increased to 700, doubling over five years, while capacity doubled in less than four years.
At the end of 2021, our data centre had a total of about 5.2 million servers, of which 4.2 million were large, and in 2022, the data centre fleet was projected to number 6.7 million, an increase of 1.2 million by comparison. In this context, the cloud computing market was expanding rapidly. In 2020, the global cloud was represented by laas, saas, paas.
The size of the market was calculated at $224.5 billion, an increase of 19.2 per cent over the same year in 2019. According to the data of the AIDS consultant, the global cloud year ' s compound rate of growth was 17.6 per cent. The country calculated that the market was growing explosively, with an overall market size of 17.764 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 33.4 per cent over the same year in 2019, of which the size of the public cloud market was 80.844 billion yuan, an increase of 23.4 per cent over the same period.
The traditional three-storey structure shifts to the foliage structure, with a significant increase in the demand for high-speed light modules. The traditional three-storey network structure is difficult to cope with data exchange and data processing within the data centre, with a strong demand for flattening of the network structure. In the foliar network structure, the leaf switch is equivalent to the access switch in the traditional structure, which directly connects the server, storage equipment, and protection.
Firewalls, load balancers, border routers, etc. Terminals. Ridge switches, equivalent to the core exchange in the traditional three-storey architecture, and ridges and spinal switches, which choose multiple paths to be connected to each exchange in the leaf exchange layer through the ecmp dynamically linked ecmp. The backbone network structure has increased the need for internal equipment in the data centre, greatly increasing the connection port.
At the same time, the connection density, interface speed and exchange capacity of the internal equipment has been increased. The light module, as a functional module for inter-data centre equipment connection, will increase product demand in tandem with the increase in inter-data centre equipment connection demand.
Cloud company capital expenditure shows a strong positive correlation with light-moderated company receipts. Global idc is home to mostly cloud-based and Internet-based enterprises, with demand for light modules concentrated on the top. According to synergyresearch, four of the mega-operators are in the hands of amazon, microsoft, google, facebook.
According to the central footprint, more than 50%. By counting the capital expenditure of the four cloud service giants in North America, and the commercial collection of the domestic light module industry, we find that, with the high rate of cloud computing, the light module is becoming more prominent in the key location of the data centre, and the cloud computing firm ' s capital expenditure is more synchronized with the commercial collection of the light module.
With the digital economy, the meta-cosm drive, the same-year, ring ratio of North American cloud producers has improved continuously. Since 2019q4, North American cloud producers have been able to achieve positive growth for nine consecutive quarters. According to the North American Top 42022 capex guide, facebook projects capex to increase by more than 50 per cent by $290-34 billion a year, up from $19.2 billion in 2021.
Google projects a significant increase in capital spending on infrastructure such as servers throughout the year, a major expansion in data centres and existing available areas, and amazon will maintain a similar increase over 2021. Meanwhile, dell'oroggroup predicts that global data centre capital spending will remain at a 10% compound increase in 2021-2026.
Three hundred and fifty billion dollars. Oversized cloud service providers are actively investing in expanding their network of data centres, increasing cloud capacity, and deploying aai infrastructure to support new applications such as the meta-cosm, whose share of capex is expected to increase throughout the market.
On February 17, 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Central Network Information Agency, the Ministry of Labour and Communications and the National Energy Agency jointly issued a letter agreeing to launch the project in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay Territory of Hong Kong, Sung-sung, Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu,
Ningxia and others started building a national computing hub node at eight points, with initial planning of a cluster of 10 national data centres. According to the distribution of data across the country, the data is concentrated in the eastern region. The "East and West Count" project is designed to channel the eastern data to the west for computation and storage, and to create a new node in the west of the country's computing hub.
The Western region is facing clear incremental requirements, and the regional structure of the idc is expected to be reshaped. From the distribution of the total stock cabinets of the national regional data centres in 2021, the data centre hangars are concentrated in the north, east and south of China, accounting for 26% and 26% respectively.
29%, 24%, compared to only 3% and 10% in the north-west and south-west regions. For the upper limit, the country as a whole currently has an average of 50.1%, China is about 65%-68% in the north, China is about 65%-68% in the south and China is 39% in the south-west, compared to only 34% and 41% in the north-west, which is below average.
Large household size, high application demand nodes, western hub positioning with non-real-time computing requirements, with a construction target of no less than 65%. Clear incremental requirements for the number of cabinets in the west and the number of cabinets in the west. Figure 29: Low occupancy in the west in 2021
This policy clearly requires a cluster of national numeracy hub nodes and national data to optimize the structure of the communication network by upgrading the network nodes and, on the one hand, to strengthen the energy network layout, to guide Internet companies, telecommunications companies, and local governments together to promote enabling projects.
In the context of industrial trends such as cloud games, upstream manufacturers will build up infrastructure to absorb emerging applications, or will open up a new wave of forward investment. A faster deployment of computing nodes will certainly boost demand in the light module market.
The achievement of direct data connectivity requires a higher quality of network transmission, meaning that there is a need within the data centre to further improve the efficiency of numeracy and data exchange, thereby demanding a higher rate of transmission of the light module. Global measurement at the market size of the RTL module: a reference to the light counting forecast of the RTL delivery volume.
Assuming that the product rate falls by 10-20% per year every three to five years, the average price of the product after the end of the cycle can be as low as $1 per gbps. We predict that the average price of 100 g products will fall to $1 per gbps after the end of the cycle, and the volume will grow faster. We predict a global increase in the market size of the Tainet module in 2021-2026.
Table 7: Global Ethernet module market space measurement 2.35g network deployment accelerated, resulting in an upswing in light module volume prices.
The station is at a peak in construction, with a significant increase in the use of light modules in single-base stations compared to the 4g era. (2) The new architecture upgrade in 5g, which requires an increase in the number and speed of single-base modules, will boost the volume and price of light module products. 3) Policies such as “two gigabytes” protect the continued growth of the 10gpon market.
The plan includes the following elements: the value added of the core industries of the digital economy will increase significantly. In 2020, the core industries of China’s digital economy will add value to the country’s income.
With a GDP share of 7.8 per cent, the country ' s digital economy is expected to move towards a full expansion period by 2025, with a 10 per cent increase in the value of the core industries of the digital economy and a 10 per cent increase in the value added of the gdp, a significant increase in the capacity of digital innovation to lead to development, a marked increase in the level of intelligence, a significant increase in the integration of digital technology and the real economy, a better system of digital economic governance and the competitiveness of the digital economy
The number of broadband users in gigabytes will increase by 837.5%. The penetration rate of broadband users in gigabytes is still low, with the penetration rate of fixed Internet broadband users of 1,000 mbps and above in the country increasing by only 837.5% in November 2021.
On March 10, the government’s report presented “Promoting Digital Economic Development,” which was also mentioned in the government’s report for four consecutive years. In addition, the government’s report clearly states that “a new infrastructure for system deployment will accelerate the fifth generation.”
Construction of mobile communications, industrial Internet, large data centres, etc.”.5g as a global standard of communication technology has become an important driving force for economic transformation. In the future, 5g communications will be a constant driving force in the light communication industry at a high 5g: the price of the fast-tracked cabling light module has risen.
The light module is the basic building block of the 5g network. The overall structure of the telecommunications operator network consists of the backbone network and the urban area network, which can be further divided into access layers, assembly layers and core layers. Telecommunications operators, by building a large number of communications base stations at the access level, cover the various regions and allow users to access the network. At the same time, the communications base allows users to access the network.
The condensed and core layers of the urban area network are transmitted to the backbone network for data transmission. The 5g-carrying network uses the urban area network and the backbone network for forward, center and return functions of the 5g operation. The forward transmission module is dominated by 25g, and the medium-returning module rate is upgraded to 100g/200g/400g. The forward transmission module is required.
To meet the temperature range of the industrial level and the potential need for tens of millions of orders, and hence higher requirements for reliability and low cost, mainly consisting of two major velocity types, 25 gb/s and 100 gb/s, with transmission distances ranging from hundreds of metres to 20 km. The middle-return cover access layer, assembly layer and core layer, the required light module is more similar to the luminous module in terms of the nature of the need, and the access layer is mainly used.
25gb/s, 50gb/s, 100gb/s, etc. velocity grey or colored modules, with a greater use of the 100gb/s, 200gb/s, 400gb/s velocity dwdm coloured modules in the assembly and core layers. Currently at a peak of 5g investments, the share of operator-related 5g investments has risen steadily.
In 2021, the three major operators accumulated $339.3 billion in capex, an increase of 31.5 per cent over the same period, of which 5g-related investments totalled $18.38 billion, or 45.7 per cent, an increase over the same period. The total number of new constructions in the next 5-g macro and mini-base stations is projected to be 10 million. By the end of 2021, the country ' s 5g base stations had been built.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, a total of 5g base stations are planned to be built throughout the year. By the end of the year, the number of 5g base stations will be 2 million, during the 14th anniversary period, the number of sites in our country will be 26 per 10,000, and by 2025, the total number of 5g base stations will be more than 3.6 million.
The future construction of 5g base stations in our country is projected to show a more stable pace, with the number of new 5g macro and small base stations expected to be built at a substantially flat year and the market for the medium-rolling light modules above 25g will grow to 800,000 units/year. The market size of the 5g light module in our country is measured: the 5g base station equipment will regroup 4g of the original rru equipment with the antenna equipment.
To become a new aau device, and at the same time to split the original bbu 4g into du- and c-equipment, pre-composition between aau and du-du, inter-mutual between du-du and c-ca-device, back-record between c-dial network. For forward transmission, each macro-based station covers three sectors, each facing a 1-2-to-light module, each macro-based station requires a 3-6-to-light module, according to the average.
Each base station is measured using 10 pre-lighting modules. A mature 5g urban area network with 10,000 base stations, using the 5g carrier network model of the White Paper on Light Transfer Network Technology, requires a number of 10,000 * 5 = 100,000 pre-lighting modules, 100 g light modules 400 * 5 * 2 = 4,000, and 200 g light modules.
According to industry research, the average unit cost of 400 g light modules is $55,000. Assuming that the price of the forward, center and echo module is stable, we measure the market space for the telecommunications light module as follows.
As the overseas epidemic moves to “new normality,” the overseas 5g construction is back on track. In January 2022, the U.S. 5g spectrum c band auction was completed, with the prospect of an explosive growth in U.S. 5g users, with a combined increase of 75.5% in U.S. services ordered in 2021-2023.
To 130 million households. On January 13, 2022, the CEO of Vodafone, Germany, said that the 5g network had been deployed more than twice as fast as originally planned. Gsma projected that the global total of 5g connections would reach 1 billion in 2022 and that it would exceed $600 billion in 2025, of which approximately 85 per cent would be used to build the 5g network.
Figure 37: 85 per cent of the global operator capex from 2022-2025 will be used for the construction of the 10 gpon-to-net mainstream technology programme, with future large-scale pon (no-source light network) to achieve fibre optics (fibbertothehome) technology, 10 gpon
Main technology programs are now in place. Pon is an unsourced light network with point-to-point structures, consisting mainly of light-line terminals olt, light network units unau and no-source spectrometerspos. Pon technology currently consists mainly of apoon/bpon, epón, gpon and 10gpon, with different standards, apoon/bpon, gpon and 10gpon corresponding intu.
On the domestic market, the two gigabytes of action plan, the 1455 digital economy plan were launched and planned to be achieved by 2025: the number of ports 10 gpon and above grew from more than 5 million at the end of 2021.
By the end of 2025, there were 12 million: the number of broadband subscribers had increased almost tenfold to 60 million. At the same time, the “two gigabytes” Action Plan for Synergy in Development (2021-2023) set clear targets for 10 gpon construction, and by the end of 2023, 10 gpon and more ports had reached more than 10 million, and the number of broadband users had reached 30 million.
In foreign markets, North America’s at&t plans to double fibre optic coverage to about 30 million client sites by 2025. omdia projects that global port revenues for pon equipment will remain at a compound rate of 12.3 per cent in 2020-2027, rising from $8.2 billion to $16.3 billion as of that date.
By the end of 2022, the penetration of the pon port, which includes 10 gpon, 25 gpon and 50 gpon, will reach 50 per cent and 87 per cent by 2027.
3 Taking advantage of industry upgrading opportunities, product + customer + technology building core competitiveness 3.1 products: breaking low power consumption limits, supply chain advantage + cost control maintaining high profitability, breaking low power consumption limits, leading the roll-out of 800g products from the titanium diaphragm hydrazine modem
New products are launched at the top of the world’s production time, enjoying the largest dividend from the start of deployment. At the pace of product roll-out, companies have the ability to develop and deliver new products quickly, often with the highest possible benefits from the product at an early stage, and then benefit from the expansion of production, the accumulation of significant cost-control capabilities, and the Maori rate will be maintained during product roll-out.
In the case of 400g products, the company launched 400g in March 2018, with a mass delivery capacity of 400g products in 2019, and is one of the few global manufacturers with a mass delivery capacity of 400g light modules. At this time, the market is competitive, with downstream customers willing to accept higher technology premiums and higher profit margins.
In January 2019, the company produced its first production of less than 400g products for a mass cloud data centre, and at the American Light Communication Fair (ocf) in March 2022, the company displayed a new generation of 400gqsfp-ddddr4 light modules with less than 7w power.
In addition, the company has released a package of 800g light module products based on silicon light (sipho) and electro-absorbent laser (eml) techniques, which are less than 16w. The company ' s new generation of 800g light module products based on the cellulose tfln modem technology, which reduces silicon light compared to the same dsp.
Currently, there are three main technologies for light modem in the industry: a light modem based on silicon light, phosphate and lithium silicate platforms. The lithium phosphorus modem is a key device in a large-capacity fibre-optic transmission network and high-speed optical information processing system, with the advantages of bandwidth, stability, high noise, low transmission losses, and process maturity, which is the current market for light modems.
Mainstream products. With the rapid development of 5g networks and data communications, the upgrading of core light networks to hypervelocity and hyper-distance transmissions, the increasing demand for backbone networks for light communication, and the use of lithium phosphate as a core light device for backbone networks for light communications, significant development opportunities arise from their inherent merits.
Lithium diaphragm silicate modems are a highly competitive solution for the future of photo-interconnection. Lithium thiium thiium silicate modifiers of physical materials, which have played a key role in the transfer modem of high-speed backbone networks for decades, have encountered bottlenecks in key parameters for further increases in transmission rates and have been large in size that are not conducive to integration. Lithium silicon silicon materials have been used through the latest micronascopic processes.
The high performance, low cost, small size, batchable production, and compatibility with the cos process of high-speed light-connected solutions of the future are the virtues of a thin-filtration, low-cost, low-sized, low-yielding lithium lysium lysium-acid membrane modifier made from the silicon-based substrate to the silicon silicon silicon (silicon) layer, which combines the hysterics to the subthermogenetic high-temperature silicon and eventually strips it out of the lymphoric membrane.
Supply chain advantages + cost controls, leading profitable industries company Māori rates and net interest rates are much higher than industry averages. In 2019, Māori rates were raised by 15.2 pp to 34.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The cost of purchases, on the other hand, is well controlled by corporate costs, with sales rates falling by 0.2 pp in the same year, management costs falling by 0.6 pp, and high net interest rates realized. Since then, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rates have been maintained at higher than industry averages for subsidiary alpine, which is a stable chip supplier, has significantly reduced the cost of purchasing.
In Asia, close cooperation has been established through cooperation at the R & D level with suppliers of core raw materials and guidance on key technologies, allowing for the purchase of photo-drive chips and chips at relatively advantageous prices to be sold to companies, which are the heavy suppliers of the company's light, electric chips. According to the company's announcement, in 2020, the company's purchases of photochips and electrochips totalled $200 million.
The total procurement of alpine amounted to $54 million, or 27.1 per cent of the total procurement of this group of products. The company purchased 200 million dollars in the first half of the year of 21 for photochips and electrochips, of which 20.1 per cent was procured from alpine. In addition, the company purchased light and electrochips from alpine at relatively advantageous prices, effectively reducing the cost of raw materials procurement.
The acquisition cost of materials was $570 million, or 81.1 per cent, compared to the composition of the 2019 high-end optical communication module in Intermediary, which amounted to $3.37 billion, of which $2.67 billion, or 79.4 per cent, was spent on direct materials, while alpine's channel resources could provide companies with an efficient supply channel to ensure that the upstream chip was tight or poorly procured.
Management costs and sales costs are lower than industry averages, and there is a downward trend. Since its inception, companies have continued to promote management changes to achieve a higher level of automated intelligence and reduced manual use for the purpose of precipitation, lifting, and efficiency gains, including through the continuous promotion of informatics, the establishment of digital workshops, and the implementation of the mes manufacturing implementation system.
Compared to comparable corporate cost rates in the sector, corporate management costs were 1.2% in 2021, and management costs in 22q1 were 0.9%, all below industry averages. In terms of sales cost, product promotion and salesperson incentives were higher in the previous period as a result of the company’s continued market expansion and customer outreach, and the advantages of size were not clearly highlighted, with overall sales costs remaining slightly above industry averages of water.
In 2021, the cost of company sales was 0.2%, and the cost of 22q1 sales was 0.9% lower than the industry average. The capacity expanded rapidly and the size of the power-contribution cost control. According to company disclosures, the company ' s current capacity at the time of ipo in 2014 amounted to 2.747 million units/year, and the ipo fund-raising plan included new groups of light modules, tosa, rosea, bosa, etc. within 1.5 years.
Based on company subscriptions, companies own 1.4 million units per year of pon modules, and by the end of 2021 they accumulate 7.42 million units per year.
A million/year, we predict the company’s output and sales as follows. 3.2 Clients: a successful break-through of new customers, a growth of large telecommunications clients, a firm that has been ploughing deep into the light communications industry since its inception.
Measures to provide efficient business solutions for clients, through continuous innovation, the wide recognition of corporate products and services by customers both within and outside the sea, with over 300 domestic and foreign clients, including leading players in communications such as Naking, Nokia, Ericsson, and domestic and foreign Internet top producers, and products for sale to 60 countries and territories, including North America, Europe and Asia.
For its part, companies have established good partnerships with mainstream Internet producers around the world. From certification barriers, companies have a strong competitive performance indicator of 400g products, with early entry into mainstream clients and recognition, and now have 100 and 400g public goods delivered in bulk.
The ability to pay remains strong. In the future, on the one hand, companies have a full product coverage rate, 200g products were launched early, and with endorsements from large clients, North American clients are expected to see further breakthroughs. On the other hand, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, the United States, and Hong Kong’s earlier overseas placements, have a unique overseas channel advantage.
For its telecommunications clients, the company works closely with leading communications equipment providers, such as China-China communications, fire communications, etc. According to the company’s subscription book, ipo, the top ten shareholders in the company’s entrepreneurship investment fund management company, the company’s central communications subsidiary, can be compared to the top ten shareholders in the new euphemism.
According to the company announcement, the company’s top customer, the share of revenue from sales in 2016-2020 was 32.6%, 35.5%, 24.3%, and the share of the world’s 5g in communications was expected to rise, and companies would benefit as major suppliers.
5-g in 2020-2022. On the wireless network, the middle score is not the second largest share of China's mobile, Chinese telecommunications, and Chinese-connected wireless network equipment solicitations. With regard to the 5-g network, the middlecoms won 37 per cent, 25 per cent and 37 per cent respectively in the single procurement of mobile spn equipment and expansion, respectively, compared to the mid-point of the previous period.
In terms of the 5g core network, the second largest share of the bid was won in all three major operators, after China. In the context of trade, China’s communications generated overseas market revenues of $36,460 million, an increase of 9.1%, and 31.8% in total revenue, highlighting the firm’s deep core competitiveness and resilience to risk.
With good partnerships with a wide range of key clients, including large overseas operators, the scope for future cooperation is expected to expand further to boost the growth of overseas revenues. China has the fourth largest share of global telecommunications equipment and is more competitive among 5g network operators.
Group data, 2021, China’s share of the global market for telecommunications equipment was 10.5%, an increase of 0.5 pp over the same period, ranking fourth. According to a report released by Gartner, China’s emerging position in the global network infrastructure competition for communications operators is relatively advanced. We believe that, with the pace of building 5g networks in the country, the emerging global strategy has emerged.
The advantages will gradually be highlighted as a continuing upward trend in its market share, and companies will benefit as the main supplier of its light module. 3.3 Technology: Acquisition of alpine plus silicon light, forward-looking layout opening up the growth space.
On August 26, 2021, the company issued an announcement to use its own funds for a price not exceeding $44,437,000 to purchase 62.1% of the remaining shares of the offshore company alpineoptoelectricals, inc, with a total purchase price of $22,219 and a cut-off price of $22,219 or $22,219 or more.
If the payment is based on the performance of alpine over the next three years and the results of product research and development, the announcement issued on the day that alpine’s share-sharing has been completed. And related technology, which is based in Newmont, California, United States of America.
In terms of the composition, the alpine team is composed of 25 people, 14 of whom are research and development staff (56% of the total), 6 are in the United States and 8 are in Chengdu. Four members of the Silicon Photons research and development team graduated from a prestigious North American school, received a doctorate, and served as technical cadres in the international leading communications technology enterprise, and the team has accumulated silicon.
In terms of R & D inputs, the share of R & D investment was 9.4718 million yuan in R & D and 10.464 million yuan in R & D, or 68.4 per cent of total revenues, and 3.403 million yuan in R & D in January-April 2021, or 190.7 per cent.
Alpine has achieved a number of industrial studies. Alpine’s competitive products include: (1) ownership of an autonomous ncp4TM silicon photon technology platform that provides a single wavelength of 100 g optical solutions, dwdm, cwdm and lan-wdm connections, which can be applied to high-speed 40 km dci (second-tier network extension) and high-density data centres.
(2) The leading pam4 alpine business models for R & D and production applications and dci applications that can be deployed on the 5g wireless network include self-research product sales, channel product sales, technical services, and the company’s main sales object for alpine.
Blocks of silicon light chips, the channel products of which include the core raw material photo-drive chip and the electro-chip used in the light module. Since the second half of 2019, alpine has handed over the 50g, 200gcfp2 module technology programme to companies for bulk production and sale to collect fees for technical services in the form of a profit-sharing exercise.
Silicon light technology, using silicon and silicon base-line materials and existing cnos processes, develops and integrates lightware and uses light instead of electricity for information.
Transfer, considered to be one of the subversive techniques that perpetuates Moore's law. Silicon light technology has now been integrated into high-speed light module production, and silicon light-based modules have hypervelocity and very low power consumption, especially for data centres and medium-range phases.
The silicon light module now has a market share of about 25%, 800g being the best silicon light to cut into the window. The 100g silicon light module has landed, and the current 100g-based silicon light module products, including 100 gcwdm4, psm4 and the related dwdm silicon light module, account for about 25% of the market share of the light module market.
After preheating, the industry recognizes the limitations of inp and gaas in speed, reliability and cosmosis, and according to Lightcounting, the global market for silicon light modules is projected to reach nearly $8 billion in 2026, representing 50 per cent of the market area, and the overall cumulative size of the silicon light module will be close to $30 billion between 2021 and 2026.
The current market concentration of silicon light modules is high, with about 95% cr3 in 2018, and Luxtera, intel, and acacia are at the forefront. The intel layout silicon light field has made significant breakthroughs in a number of key technologies for years. Intel launched the 100gqsfp silicon light module in 2016, solutions based on psm4 and cwdm4100g in 2019, and based on
qsfp-dd sealed Psm 4400g light module, displaying the first industry-wide silicon light set 4*100gpsm4dr4 launcher for the data centre on lfc in 2020, its 800gdr8 Osfp light module has now been sampled and is expected to yield in early 2022. Luxtera was established in 2001 and is now acquired by Cisco in 2014, 2014
The 200gpsm8 and 100gpsm4 light modules, respectively, were launched in 2015 and have a large sub-market share in the 100gpsm4 area, and Luxtera, according to the Network of Company Officials, will have a layout of 400gdr4 (short-range data centre communications), asic and silicon light chip integration.
Companies and alpine will form an efficient complement to the technological and industrial chain and take the lead in silicon light competition. The advantage of their R & D is that they design light modules for different technology programmes that respond quickly to clients’ demand for industry-led light modules with high integration, high speed, etc.
At the same time, the company maintains close collaboration with alpine on key technology, where the company uses alpine self-research silicon light based on silicon chip-based products of 400g and 800g.
Chip, currently 400g silicon light product has been sent to the client. 400g combing module, layout dci interconnectivity transfer \triangleright
The associated technology has become the mainstream programme for data centre interconnection. Traditional direct detection techniques are more suitable for relatively short-distance interconnections, and the associated detection is widely available in long-distance dci interconnections within the urban area network with the advantage of high capacity, high-letter noise ratio.
The company released two 400g related products in March 2022. The company released two light items qsfp56-ddzr/zr+.
The transmission module, with a transmission distance of 120 km and 480 km, respectively, meets the Oif400gzr standard, both light-based, optical engines based on silicon optical (sipho) and the latest generation of digital signal processors (dsp) supporting 400g-synchronous transmission.
4 Financial analysis: The high rate of growth in net revenue and the maintenance of a high combined Māori rate The compound growth in corporate business income for the last three years has been as high as 56.4 per cent, and the compound increase in parent net profits has been as high as 175 per cent. In 2018, billions of yuan contributed to the low size of corporate profits as a whole in 2018. In 2019, strong rebounds resumed the trend of high growth.
During the year, research and development projects such as the high-speed light module, the 5g-related light module, the optical device, etc. have made a number of breakthroughs, the high-speed light module product has been sold in bulk, the 5g module has been growing in volume, and there has been a significant increase in the net profit from the direct pull-up and repatriation of the high-speed module product barrier.
In 2021, the company ' s sales revenue in the data centre area grew at a high rate, reaching a business income of $2.91 billion a year-on-year increase of 45.6 per cent, a net profit on maternity of $660 million a year-on-year increase of 34.6 per cent, a business income of $740 million a year-on-year increase of 18.3 per cent, and a net profit on maternity of $130 million, a year-on-year increase of 34.6 per cent.
Point-to-point modules are used mainly in the digital and telecommunications markets, including some of the overseas “small, customized” products. In 2019, the high-speed output of companies was released, with point-to-point units generating $1.17 billion, or more than 90% of the total revenue. In 2021, electricity contributed $2.84 billion to the light modules.
In 2019, the company ' s high-speed module product achieved large-scale output, volume and price increases, leading to a rise in revenues from light module products and Māori, which in turn boosted the overall Māori rate.
The component, pon light module, accounted for less than 3% of the total output structure in 2020, with a limited impact on the Māori rate. The majority of the component products are produced by the company itself and do not constitute external sales, and the pon light module has a similar trend and point-to-point module change. In 2021, the company combined Māori ratio was similar.
32.2 per cent, or 32.4 per cent for the point-to-point module, the cost of R & D has been substantially increased by 22q1 with a generally flat cost for the company. As the efficiency of the company's management has improved, management costs, marketing and competitiveness of its products and technologies, the company has continued to increase its R & D investment by 2022q1, with R & D costs of $3.6852 million.
Figure 63: Trends and changes in Māori rates for corporate products Figure 64: Trends and changes in cost rates during company life
The rapid growth phase, coupled with the rapid growth of 5g around the world, will be followed by a large number of orders from digital and telecommunications light modules. With corporate fund-raising projects in the second half, high-speed production will expand, and product structures will continue to be optimized. Point-to-light module products will remain stable as the company’s main battalion. The high-speed light module over 4.25g will be the focus of the company’s future layout, and it is expected that the share of incoming goods will continue to rise.
1 1) 4.25g for light module products: the product is the lower end of a company's product... as the capacity of high-speed products increases, the product below 4.25g is no longer the core business of the company.
The unit sales price and unit cost are expected to remain largely stable, assuming that it will be sold in 2022-2024 as a point-to-point light module product, 2.2).25 g-point and above 4.25g-point light module product: benefiting from the accelerated pace of construction of the ultra-large data centre for Internet producers, both in and out of the country, as well as the reheating of the 5g network, with a rapid increase in demand for high-speed light modules of 100 g and above.
3) Pon light module products: The company Pon light module has a stable capacity, assuming that its capacity utilization and sales rates are maintained, and we have selected three listed companies that are more similar to those in the light communication industry as comparable companies ... middle-to-school, creative technology, and Chinese technology. In this case, middle-to-light module products account for more than 90% of the total revenue.
In 2022-2024, the average of three comparable companies was 18.9 times, 15.7 times, price dividends, and accelerated deployment of domestic 200g and 400g products, while the country’s 5g network is still at its peak. We believe that companies will benefit fully from the tremendous growth opportunities in the light module industry, receiving a 20-fold valuation level in 2022.
The risk of significant fluctuations in expenditure or of force majeure in operating circumstances, with the risk of shrinking orders or delays in delivery leading to higher public revenue and profit impacts. 2) The risk of core technological breakthroughs and industrialization processes falling short of expectations. The light module is an important component of light communication equipment.
In part, miniaturization, low cost, distance, heat-plugging, etc. are important developments in manufacturing technology. In the future, failure to upgrade technology at the core of the company in a timely manner, or miscalculation of research and development directions, will result in slow marketization of the product and the risk of unrecoverable R & D inputs in the earlier period.
3) Trade friction in Central America threatens the stability of the company’s supply chain. The current dependence on the import of photochips is high, especially the low domestic production rate of high-end chips, the majority of manufacturers with photochips such as lumentum and finisar are in the United States, and the public sector’s subsidiary alpine, located in California, is one of the important suppliers of corporate light and electron chips.
This will continue to deteriorate, with implications for the stability of the company’s supply chain. In the future, changes in national foreign-exchange policies, or large fluctuations in the renminbi’s exchange rate, will have some impact on public policy.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.