The scale and profitability of the company's operations, relying on technological advantages and forward-looking layout.
Deepening the moat. The company insists on technological innovation as its core competitiveness, advanced materials and built-up processes, while at the same time it acquires stronger bargaining power through supply chain management, shapes itself into a life-cycle industry chain of lithium batteries that successfully builds low-cost and efficient production.
The company now has four major research and development centres and five major production bases, a global research assistant: Ma Man-Mae-Mae-Mae-Mae-Mae-Mae, to tie up high-quality customer resources around the world, to be strong and strong.
The company is qualified as a securities advisory business, the new energy car market remains high, and the company has advanced across a wide range of areas in search of potential market space. The global new energy vehicle penetration rate is 4% by 2020 and will be expected by 2025.
With a double-dumping of 2 million vehicles, the United States will be able to make a new boost to sales growth. In 2020, the B.D. harvested 50% of the power cell market in China, with a 25% share globally, turning into industry leaders.
With the carbon neutralization and targets, the new energy-storage model is key, with companies pre-positioning the trillion-dollar track. Under the new energy structure, storage can become a key node for the energy Internet.
Lithium storage is the most promising form of storage, which is close to an economic turning point, with the hope of achieving a light-pitching parity by 2030. The company entered the 10-year trillion track ahead of schedule, and the Ninder era (300,750) compared to the depth of 300.
Research and development innovations have been developed over the years, working together with a variety of partners to build a complete storage and energy industry system, and rapidly developing, will be another engine for corporate growth. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: net corporate returns are expected for 2021-2023.
The prospects for the growth of cars and storage capacity, given the company's leading position in the area of lithium electricity, and its competitive advantage, have resulted in an upward rating of the company's investment as “buy-in.” First, China's leaders in the area of lithium ion batteries
1.1 The company was established in 2011 and is based in Fukuyanende. In 2012, the company entered into a strategic partnership with BMW to formally enter the power cell system industry. In 2015, the company acquired limited amounts of recycling technology in Guangdong Bump.
The company, the tiles of lithium ion battery product ladders and recycling industry chains, provided full life-cycle services and formed a cycle of industrial chain closures. The power cell systems developed and produced by the company climbed to the top of the world in 2017 and remain in use to date. The company ' s successful landing of a share of the business board was on the market in June 2018.
The company, formerly the power cell department of the Lithium Batteries Ltd., grew up with a strong lithium ion battery, with a strong technical background. The Ningd era president, Vice-President Wong Shiz-hung, and some other executives have had atl experience, many of them in engineering, and academic achievements in the battery field.
Deep-farming for many years, with a deep understanding of the industry, insists on technological innovation as its core competitiveness. The company follows the policy orientation of the country and takes the lead in shifting its eyes from a lithium phosphate battery to a three-dollar lithium battery, with the product receiving wide market attention and recognition from its inception.
The industrial system, which establishes the competitive edge of companies and constantly expands the boundaries of their operations and actively invests in the field of storage, stimulates the company’s long-term viability.
▪ Yellow Shizuku (11.20 per cent) Ningpo Joint Partnership for Innovative New Energy Investment Management (Little Partnership) (6.78 per cent) Hong Kong Central Clearing Company (HKCL) (6.53 per cent)
• Li Ping (4.81 per cent) Silver 3 Equity Investment Partnership in Shenzhen City (limited partnership) (2.49 per cent) Hubei Yangjiang Silver Power Investment Partnership (limited partnership) (2.32 per cent)
Takagi Capital Management Co. Ltd. - China Values Fund (exchange) (2.27%) Tibetan Hung Business Capital Investment Co. Ltd. (1.69%) Boring Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) in Ningbomé Hills Bonded Port Area (1.44%)
- Other (35.94%) Equity Incentives program supports talent building in companies. From 2018 to 2019, companies introduced restrictive stock incentives, awarding a total of 452.06 million shares to middle-level managers and core staff.
With 4573 people, the incentive range has been broadened, while continuing the earlier evaluation of operating income, which has been slightly increased, but still more liberal. The company’s equity incentive scheme has helped to further improve the public.