A strong leader and strong operating cash flow Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) sustained performance, high profit quality, strong cash flow and accelerated capital expenditure
The basic response is real operating level. In 2020, the company ' s operating cash flow was $18.430 billion, an increase of 36.8 per cent, or 3.02 times the net profit, of which the operating cash flow of 2020q4 was $8.124 billion, an increase of 158.1 per cent; and the strong blood-producing capacity stemmed from impairment of assets and depreciation amortization.
In addition, the company plans to change the use of additional funds for the four phases of the Jiangsu project, to build new 30gwh capacity, with a total investment of 11.65 billion yuan, which is expected to yield an average annual income of 19.50 billion yuan.
• Power poles are strong, storage markets are rising and costs are falling steadily 20 years of company power cell sales of 44.45gwh; domestic loading is 31.9gwh, with 50%; global loading is about 35.4gwh, with 26%.
In addition to power batteries, companies are growing rapidly in other power sectors, such as two wheels and electric ships. The volume of stock sales is 2.39gwh, an increase of 236.6%, compared to the global market for Sne 2020, which is about 20gwh.
The decline in product prices has slightly decreased the Māori rate, but the unit cost of power cell/energy storage systems has decreased by 5.0 per cent/2.6 per cent, respectively, and the cost of raw materials under the full calibre has fallen from 0.62/wh to 0.55/wh.
The depth of the era -- for two trillions of races, technology and cost-making for the Lithium Power King, 2021-3-31, continued to grow, largely in line with expectations.
The company achieved 50.319 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 9.90 per cent over the same period; the mother ' s net gain, $5.583 billion, increased revenue, improved Māori ring ratio, repair of net interest rates, and stable overall costs during the period. The company ' s underutilization of capacity in 2020, and the fact that construction was under way during the expansion period, led to a slight decline in asset turnover.
Figure 2 Quarterly receipts, Figure 4 Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantities
Figure 5 Net non-mortality gains by companies
Figure 7 Māori rates and net interest rates
Figure 11 R & D expenditure by companies Figure 12 R & D staff by companies Figure 14 R Quarterly R & D expenditure by companies
The high quality of profits, the strong cash flow and the acceleration of capital expenditure The company increased the value of 1,169 million in 2020 and the government subsidy of 1,136 million, close to the same level, with a profit base ratio of 2.25 per cent, which remains at a high level, indicating that the actual cost of after-sale services incurred during the period was relatively low, public
In 2020, the corporate cash flow was $18.430 billion, an increase of 36.8 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 3.02 per cent, with a very strong blood-building capacity. Of this, the 2020q4 cash flow was $8.124 billion, an increase of 158.1 per cent in the same year, an increase in the ring.
The significant difference between operating cash flows and net profits is mainly due to more aggressive accounting treatment in terms of impairment of assets and depreciation amortization, and to the fact that the company ' s strong position in the industrial chain has made it operational.
The project is expected to generate an average annual income of $19.50 billion, the return of sales figure 17 (billions), the strength of the power poles, the increase in the stock market, and the cost.
3.1 Power Batteries: The vanguard is strong and costs are constantly declining, with customers tending to be dispersed by 31.9gwh, with 50% of the city; the global load is about 35.4gwh, with 26% of the city. Companies are rich in customer resources in the field of power cells, and their client structure became more fragmented in 2020. In addition to power cells, companies are more fragmented.
The average price of power cell systems dropped from $0.959/wh to 0.887/wh, a 7.5% decline in the same year, while company costs also fell from 0.686/wh to 0.651/wh, a 5.0% decline in the same year.
Figure 24 Power Battery System Production and Use of Power Battery System
3.2 Repository energy operations: high-speed growth, with an increase in the share of cities in the global reserve energy market of about 20gwh, an increase of 82 per cent over the same period, resulting in a 6 per cent share of companies in 2019, box technology, introduction of outdoors enerone products, a shift from the supply of components to the system in overseas markets
X, leading the industry in the indicators of safety, economics, etc.; implementation by domestic market companies of the first project for the creation of a national Quality Engineering and Dispersed Lithium Hour power storage on the side of electricity generation, the configuration of the supervoltage evacuation base in Hainan State, Qinghai Province, the shipment of the 1,000mw Photovoltaic Power Exchange Replacement Project on Tara Beach; battery system provided by the company
The combined Pearl Sea harps storage frequency project was launched, and the booster storage power blackened to launch the 9f burner experiment successfully. Māori for storage operations was 36.03 per cent in 2020, a decrease of 1.84 pct over the same period.
3.3 Lithium electric material operations: Māori harvests have declined temporarily, while ISG raw materials company lithium electric materials received 34.29 billion less by 20.4 per cent in 2020; Māori is 20.45 per cent less than the same year; Māori accounts for 6.81 per cent and Māori for 5.02 per cent of nickel and cobalt in used lithium ion batteries.
Priced metals such as manganese lithium have been recycled through processing, refining, synthesizing, etc., to produce lithium ion materials such as three-dollar pre-drivers. Through upstream integration, companies have effectively reduced the cost of raw materials; power cell + storage + the cost of single-wh direct materials under the full calibre of lithium electric material operations has dropped to $0.550/wh in 2020, compared to the same rate.
Figure 33 Māori rate of Lithium Electric Materials Operations, Figure 32 Direct Materials Costs, Full calibre, Chart 34
(1) Industry competition has increased, and prices of products have fallen lower than expected. The power cell price reduction is a necessary route to the parity of new energy vehicles, as well as a major development, and if future competition increases lead to lower than expected prices, it affects corporate gains (2) higher than expected prices for raw materials.
The level of profitability, if raw materials are higher than expected, will affect corporate profitability. (3) New energy vehicles and storage capacity are not growing as expected. New energy vehicle development is a long-term trend, but growth in market sales is not expected to affect corporate sales and short-term performance growth.
Chinese, Chinese, Thai, and electronics.
Teng Fei: four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce in Kedge, France, combined background in electrical engineering and finance, covering lithium Soong Wai Jian: five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, fields of study covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, covering new energy
Source and traditional vehicles: Three years of buyer industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.