Stones 2024ces show: The new flag ship sweeper keeps the industry leading; the rock technology (688169.sh) and the rock 2024ces excavators continue to lead the industry by maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
In 2024, the US Ces Consumers Electronic Exhibition (Ces 2024) was held in Las Vegas, Florida, United States of America, from 9 January to 13 January, with three classes and eight products. We found that three of the new ground sweepers were launched worldwide, and that the new flagship sweepers were designed for overseas users.
We believe that the new ces 2024 exhibit is likely to help keep the stones on the line, while expanding the brand volume, expanding the channel below the line, and maintaining a profit forecast.
• Land sweeper brand new products have been scaled up for overseas users with cleanliness and intelligent direction — maxultra, at a price of $1799.99/1599.99.99, respectively, expected to be marketed in April 2024; in the price belt, the company has launched a full-scale station product qrevomaxv (national p10pro) and qrevopro
(p10pro reduction, not listed in the country). Compared to historical products and the industry flagship model, stone-backed subflag with new product s8maxvoltra (1) solves the problem of border cleaning for overseas users by means of a mechanical arm “side brush” extension plus an additional border-trawling system (addition of small circle torque)
10,000 Pa; (3) towed land system upgrades to vibrarismopping 3.0 and tow cloth upgrades to a height of 2 metre; (4) for the first time, dynamic hot water re-washing and mopping on the overseas product line, supported by four new items; (5) heroocky internal voice can call operations directly and no longer rely on alexa or siri for indirect awakening; (6)
With the matter protocol, which allows access to googlehome smart homes. S8maxultra reduces ai recognition, dirty pollution detection, sorbency and built-in voice functions, while expanding the price bands of high-end products, the product performance remains strong.
• Landwasher/washer new items are moved out of the country and are expected to take on brand power and expand the second income curve download analysis — company depth report. At this exhibition, the Stone Technology Landwasher class launched the flexlite/pro series (domestic a20 series).
The washing machine class has introduced the Zeoone series (comparable to home country h1, Internal sales have worked well at a price, and external sales continue in the Mini series), and has joined the eco, 20°C model to adapt to the overseas market and is now sold in Germany.
It is expected that the company update will complete branding and enable other categories of goods to build a second income curve.
New H1neo. Better value than advantage - company update 1, rock 2024 ces show, new flagship sweeper continues to lead the industry.
In 2024, the US Ces Consumers Electronic Exhibition (Ces 2024) was held in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, from 9 January to 13 January, with three types of products and eight products. We found that three of its new land sweepers were the first to be distributed worldwide, and that the new flagship sweepers were used for overseas users.
The main objective is to upgrade cleaning capacity and intelligent direction, continuously leading the product, and fully demonstrating the company's original figure 1: the rock's exhibition hall has a technology style that is dominated by the wind, and the floor sweeper with the walls and transparent molecule-scanning cleaners showrooms has a great sense of technology.
Figure 2: Friends don't publish new flagship products at the fair, mainly from the domestic flagship overseas, and we think that stone will continue to lead the industry in the new product of ces 2024, which is expected to help keep the market on the line and expand the brand volume and the sub-routine.
In this exhibition, StoneTech launched its annual flagship new product s8maxvoltra and its new product, which has not been marketed in the country.
S8maxultra, at a price of $1799.99/1599.99.99, respectively, is expected to be marketed in April 2024; in the price belt, the company has launched the full-scale station products of qrevomaxv (national p10pro) and qrevopro (national p10pro reduction version, not yet marketed domestically), for which prices and time of entry are unknown.
Figure 3: The exhibition produced s8maxvultra, s8maxultra, qrevomaxv and qrevopro 4 new items. The main upgrade of the annual flagship with s8maxvultra is aimed at improving cleanness and intelligence.
The "Expanding + Additional Edge Trailing System (additional small circle mop) programme addresses the problem of border cleaning for overseas users; (2) s8maxvoltra upgrades to 10,000 pasing; (3) trailer systems upgrade to vibrarismopping 3.0 and tow up to 2 centimetres; (4) for the first time, dynamic hot water rewashing and moping on the overseas product line.
All four new items are supported; (5) helorocky has a direct call and is no longer dependent on alexa or siri for indirect awakening; (6) supports the matterr protocol, which allows access to googlehome smart homes; (7) double-plastic brushes and lacquer lift functions.
While s8maxultra reduced ai recognition, pollution detection, suction and built-in voice helper functions and expanded high-end product price bands, product performance remained strong.
As a result of the large size of the overseas user carpets, it is more efficient to drag the mops with flat-plate vibrations. In order to address the problem of edge clean-up, the Stones 8 new flag ship series drags the country's mechanical arm “rotating and dragging” because of the large size of the carpets.
The “bu” outreach programme should be replaced by a mechanical arm “side brush” plus an additional border-trawling system (addition of small round mops on the edge), which would provide a perfect solution to the carpet and edge-cleaning problem. Figure 5: The edge cleaning of the new flag ship stone s8 uses a mechanical arm “side brush” plus an additional border-trawling system
The base station has a base seat for small mops to clear themselves, clean and dry.
Add a small circle on the edge, a tug, a boost, a drag on the edge.
As a big company with a deep background and a combination of hardware and software, the stone has always been working on a consumer-centred software ecology, while at the same time working on product hardware. This next stone s8 new flag series supports the matter, and the company has also been the first to support Googlehome applications.
One of the companies can complete its schedules, automates, and sili controls. The built-in hellorocky voice helper, the applewatch control, etc., is likely to be another intellectual touch point for a smart, family solution.
3. Landwasher and laundry machine new items are moved out of the country and are expected to take over the cleaning machine, expand the secondary income curve 3.1, and the washing machine issues two new items with flat-bed functions, which are expected to be collected as the quality of the product increases.
During the exhibition, stone technology introduced the flexlite/pro series (domestic a20 series), which has a flat-bed function compared to the products of the past. (1) flexipro: suction to 17,000 pa, Robokrevobrush 2.0 is now 60 °C up.
Hot water cleans itself, hot wind drys, with a 99.99% debacterisation rate after drying in 30 minutes. Dirt can detect deeper self-cleaning when a roller brush is still dirty after the first cleanup, and can also provide intelligence to adapt itself to floor cleaning. Slidetech's self-adaptable wheels respond to the speed of the roller and rotate inwardly.
Lights are not dirty. They can be cleaned in low and low areas below 15 cm. Water-cleaning tanks are 730 ml, sewage tanks 450 ml, batteries continue for 50 minutes, weighing 5 kg, and cover 420 m2 of clean area.
(2) flexlite: Sorbent of 17,000 pa, clean on one-sided edges, drying with hot wind but without hot water, drying for 60 minutes, with flat-bed function, and cleaning in low and low areas below 15 cm. No self-adaptation wheels and built-in lamps and application compatibility. Water tank volume 620 ml, sewage tank volume 400 ml, battery renewal
A 40-minute flight weighing 4 kg. 3.2. The washing machine releases the zeoone series of new overseas products corresponding to the domestic H1, Mini series, which has been sold in Germany
The exhibition launched the Zeoone series of washing machines (two corresponding to the country's H1 and Mini series). Added to the eco, 20°C model to adapt to the overseas market, it is now sold in Germany.
Lintcleaner cleans his own system, which is easier to maintain, with automatic washing fluids for 30 days. Ten kilos of laundry, six kilos of dry clothes, which saves more time by fast washing and drying one hour. It also removes microbacterials, mites, pet skin scraps, pollen and allergens, which are very suitable for the family.
Medium temperature dry wool clothing, reducing the reduction rate. Collection of velvet and automatic removal from filters through separate water pipes without manual cleaning. Arrangements for non-peak electricity time cleaning, saving electricity costs, and various models for customizing Figure 7: Laundromat release products for the Zeoone series (two in total) correspond to the H1 and Mini series in the country
During our first visit to the ces 2024 exhibition, we found that three of the eight exhibition products of stones were the first to be distributed worldwide, and that the new flagship machine was used for overseas users, mainly because of its use.
Friends do not publish new flagship products, mainly overseas versions of domestic flagships. We believe that this ces2024 exhibit is expected to help keep the stones on the line, while increasing brand volume and speed line.
Sales of new items have fallen short of expectations: recovery of raw materials and shipping costs: increased competition in the industry, etc.