Beijingroborocktech pulling: outperform
Land sweepers, hundreds of millions of class singles. In the long run, we look at the hundreds of billions of graded ziyichen singles, and we think that sweepers have two good features similar to white power: long slopes and snow.
Good patterns of competition, and stone technology as a global leader in the industry, have increased the volume of mochenzhu overseas markets to the full benefit of the industry, while the Chinese brand still has the dividends of expanding channels, increasing shares and upgrading structures.
We believe that China’s leading companies continue to lead technological upgrading, that the competitive advantage of their products is becoming more apparent, and that the global market continues to grow significantly. The irobot-led overseas brands, which have lost a significant share of their share, are still protected by offline channels and still occupy larger market cakes, which is a further market upgrade for Chinese brands.
In addition to the significant increase in sales, the rise in product structure of overseas products has led to a sustained increase in average prices in recent years, driven by the leadership of Chinese brands. There are still channels for expansion, quota increases, structural upgrades, and the gradual realization of a price-for-value logic in the domestic market, with companies increasing their share of the product by high-quality prices.
Ovieun data, 4 per cent increase in domestic land sweeper sales on a year-on-year basis in 2023, non-cleaner sales in 23 years and sales in 2023, respectively, at a rate of 75 per cent and 20 per cent respectively, representing 67 per cent and 81 per cent of the total industry, are expected to increase from cleaner products in the context of a significant increase in value for money and the accumulation of slogans.
Long, companies are able to achieve a continuous increase in their share by cutting off technology, using high-quality products, and based on the Ovi profitability projections and investment proposals. We look at the space for long-term growth of robots, short-term overseas volumes, price increases, and domestic competitive advantages and growth of rocks at a price-for-value basis. We anticipate the company’s future.