Launch of land sweeper new items p10s and p10spro, product lead competition, stone technology (688169.sh) launch of ground sweeper new items p10s and p10spro, product lead competition, maintenance of "buy-in" rating
On 18 February, the company released two new items, p10s and p10spro, of which the price of the water tank at p10s/up-downpages was 3299/3899, and the price of the water tank at p10spro/up-up-downfalls was 3999/4599.
By spending too much on marketing, hands take their share of the market, and companies have a strong technological downgrading power, and their own Māori rates are stable enough to respond well to competitors’ pricing challenges. We maintain a scavenging machine arm configuration + two-swipe swipes, and stone p10spro is more powerful than competitive products.
At the end of the function, compared to the competitive search of the s30pro series, Cowst 30pro, p10s, p10spro products have a strong value for money. (1) In terms of cleaning capacity, the rock p10spro is equipped with a scalding machine, the arm is brushed, the arms are swiped, and the edge is covered by 100%. And the rock p10spro is configured with a p10spro.
Double-swipe brushes, curly hairs, self-maintenance, can handle the pet hair on the carpet, the hair on its own, the hair on its side, the blades on its sides, and no hair on its bearings. Competitions are not double-spare configurations. Stones p10spro can achieve mopping, master brush double lifts. (2) Navigational avoidance capability. Stones p10spro picks.
With lds, ai, structural light, and a dynamic recactivetech engine, 20 types of 62 barriers can be identified. (3) Smart interactive aspects. Rock p10spro is equipped with voice, video functionality, support for Sichuan, and other dialects such as Sichuan; there is a one-minor model; pet mode 3.0; carpet mating algorithms, product performance.
In January, the US-American market reached 23.6%, and went beyond irobot to become the first source of external sales, and according to mirror data, the US-Asian market for machine sweeps in January.
Thirty-six thousand (+85.8%) were sold, reaching 23.6% of the market, above and above irobot. The U.S. line is dominated by low- and medium-end mono-dustry products, and the company has moved into nearly 200 gates in Target to expand the space.
Watching product innovation and access break-through, continuing to take advantage of the opportunity to increase the penetration of all-power-based stations overseas. Technology America’s offline access potential is high – company in-depth reports 2024.1.13
Stone 2024ces Exhibition: A new flagship sweeper, keeping industry lead - company update 1, company release of land sweeper new items p10s and p10spro, product lead competitions
On 18 February, the company released two new items, p10s and p10spro, of which the price of the p10s water tank version/up-down-water version was 3299/3899, the p10spro water tank version/up-down-down-water version 3999/4599.
Vost 30pro is equal, 3999. Up and down, p10spro is lower than s30pro, equal to Cavost 30pro, 4599. Companies are priced at lower prices of the same quality and have a stronger value for the product than competitively available.
By spending too much on marketing, competitors take up their share of the market, and companies have a relatively high level of technological downgrading, and their own Māori rates are stable enough to respond well to the challenges they face in pricing. Functional end versus competition for s30pro series, Cavost 30pro, p10spro, p10s, p10spro products.
In terms of cleaning capacity, the stone p10spro is equipped with a scalding mechanical arm by brushing, which allows the scavenging arm to strike, with 100 per cent perimeter clean coverage, and only s30proultra, which is more expensive, is matched by competition.
The stone p10spro is equipped with a double-swipe swipe brush, scavenging hair self-maintenance, which is a good response to the pet hair on the carpet.
There is this function, which is not available in Kovostt30pro. Figure 2: Stone p10spro achieves both hand-to-arm strikes with 100% edge clean-up coverage. Figure 3: Stone p10spro is equipped with double-swipe swipes and scavenging hair self-maintenance.
(ii) In terms of navigational avoidance capabilities, stone p10spro uses lds, ai, structural light, realvetech dynamic avoidance engines to identify 20 types of 62 barriers; in terms of competition, Kovost 30pro does not have the ability to identify objects, while in the search for s30spro series it uses lds, single-line lasers, double-lineai, led re-lights that can be identified super.
The stone p10spro is equipped with voice, video features, support for Sichuan and other dialects such as sichuan; there is a one-size-saving model (automatic identification of floor material & type of room, adjustment of cleaning parameters) that can be changed at any time, and no competition; and pet mode 3.0 (add one key for pets, pet grabs, pets)
Deep cleaning, etc.); carpet floor algorithms (addition of carpet-crossing functions, such as direct access to the bathroom through floor mats, previous patterns of circumvention of carpet mats, resulting in non-access to the bathroom, etc.) with bright product performance. Figure 4: Stone p10spro has intelligent features such as ai heart-saving mode, carpet-specific algorithms, etc.
(4) Embedded aspects of the upper and lower water versions. The stone p10spro's minibase station is only 40.5 cm high, which is significantly lower than the search for the s30pro series, close to the Cavost 30pro. Lower base stations can be better integrated into home 2, new products for sale, and the US-Asia share in January is higher than the irobot.
On the external side, the company ces displays annual flagship product s8maxvoltra&s8maxultra, at a price higher than the full-scale station product qrevomaxv&qrevopro.
The company’s Mayan channel showed a bright eye, and according to mirror data, US$ 62,493,000 was sold in January in the field of land sweepers.
Ten thousand (+85.8%), with sales reaching 23.6%, above the irobot, the number one. Rocks are now located in nearly 200 shops in Target, for example, in Los Angeles, where stone s7maxultra is sold at 950 dollars in 13 underline shops in Target.
The U.S.-line ka-channels are mostly low- and medium-end single dust collectors. See rock technology based on product innovation and pipeline breakthroughs, as well as the continued seizure of all-power base stations overseas to improve the penetration rate.
The company’s new product is strong, has a strong value for money, has a significant price-for-value trade, and it continues to rob the upper-middle-end share. The company’s technology has continued, and the new product is priced at a Māori rate plus, with a strict tariff and net profit.
The sale of new items has fallen short of expectations; the price risk of raw materials; and the demand for high overseas inflation has fallen short of expectations.