Ground sweeper U.S. Underline: Stone tech, U.S. Underline, Stone Technology (688169.sh) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
There are five stores in Las Vegas: Target, Bestbuy, Walmart, and sam's. Sclub, where the bulk of the goods are low- and medium-end mono-dust products, mainly irobot and shark. China has a limited number of places under the brand line, mainly Roborock, eufy and ecovacs; and the main brands of the scrubbers include tineco and bissel.
The vacuum&wash class is gradually spreading. The U.S. has a wide range of channels under the land sweep line, and looks forward to the rock ' s share of the road under the U.S. line, maintaining profit forecasts. The company is expected to return to net profit from the U.S. line in 2023-2025.
In 2023, 58.1 per cent of sales were under vacuum cleaners (including floor cleaners), with 28.5 per cent (28.9 per cent/0.7 per cent) of direct sales by undercoupers/underlines. According to Eurowise data, (1) ground sweepers: more than 80 per cent of sales under the irobot line in 2023 were under sale in the United States, with a larger alternative space for national cards.
The distribution/market share on the US-Asia line of 2023m11 months has surpassed the irobot, with the second largest market in 2023 m1-m11 and is expected to be successful online in the form of slogans and brand influences. (2) Landwashers: Land washing machines do not have a single name, but the vacuum&wash washing machine class is gradually snorting.
It is hoped that consumer education will gradually be completed and the penetration of products will continue to increase.
Stone 2024ces: A new flag ship sweeper, ground sweeper, and a land scrubber. In 2024, the United States ces exhibition rock released a new product s8maxvoltra, s8max maintenance industry guide - company update.
ultra, qrevomaxv (national p10pro), qrevopro (p10pro reduced version, domestic unlisted) expected to be marketed in April 2024, with new products targeted at overseas users in the direction of cleanliness and intelligence
New Perspectives on Land-Scanning Overseas Markets: Bestseller, iterative upgrading, product competitiveness, comprehensiveness ahead of foreign brands, promising more new items on the line, app-download analysis - company depth report
Keep an eye on the rock's continued to steal its share of foreign branding.
We studied the following five under-line shops in Las Vegas: first and second: Target, at 4001 smariylandpkwy, Lasvegas, nv89119; 4155sgrandcanyondr, lasvegas, nv891447;
The third is Bestbuy, at 3820smariylandpkwyrm8, Lasvegas, nv89119; the fourth is Walmart, at 3075etropicanave, lasvegas, nv89121; the fifth is Sam ' sclub, at 5101specosrd, lasvegas, nv89120.
We believe that the U.S. surface sweeper and land washing product types have more scope to grow below the line, that Chinese brands, such as stones, with their good product power, have secured online channels and formed brand power, and that they are expected to be successful in the future, gradually moving under the line and taking up the share of foreign domestic brands, building up a second growth curve in maritime operations.
Under the U.S. line, China’s land sweeper brand has grown in scope, and the U.S. land sweeper market is vast, second only to China. According to Ewe, US land sweeper sales in 2023 amounted to $1.77 billion, after China’s $1.94 billion, and cagr 16.9% between 2018 and 2023.
The U.S. Landwasher vacuum&wash class is gradually spreading. The landwasher has not yet had a unique name like a sweeper, and the names of families are more confusing.
The eclecticbrooms class, and the bestbuy class has the wet/dry & shopvacuums class, but it can be found that the vacuum &wash machine class, which is sanitated, is gradually spreading and becoming an important sub-category of cleaning appliances, except for the floor sweeper.
We observe the size of the market using stick-plus vacuum cleaners as a large class covering the land washing machine, according to Ewy, with sales of bar-plus-block cleaners amounting to $30.0 billion in 2023, cagr in 2018-2023, 3.6 per cent in 2018, 22.1 million in sales and 56.5 per cent in sales and cagr in 2018-2023, 0.9 per cent in sales.
Figure 5: Sales of stick + block vacuumers amounted to $30.0 billion in 2023, sales of stick + block vacuumers amounted to 22.1 million in 2023 and sales of cagr amounted to 0.9 per cent in 2018-2023
U.S. sales channels for clean appliances are dominated by under-line kas, irobots are dominated by Chinese brands, with 58.1% sales of U.S. vacuum vacuum cleaners in 2023 and 28.5% 28.9%/0.7% sales of under-line non-groceries, respectively, in Best.
We used 2023 m1-m11 Quintera data as an approximation of sales through the U.S. electricity channel in 2023, and we found sales under the irobot line in 2023.
China’s producers, such as stones, are expected to succeed in replicating the US-Asia power lines, and continue to expand the increase. According to Kumiya, the sales/markets on the 2023m11 stone line were 48.0%/29.8%, respectively.
In 2023, the cumulative market share (m1-m11) reached 24.3 per cent/15.6 per cent, and stones continued to lead and brand power to achieve their share of the U.S. electricity channel. Figure 9: 2023m11 Stone sweeper on the U.S.A. Channel
At 48.0 per cent, ranking first in the U.S. under-ka channel, the pattern of competition in the class of machine-scavening is stronger, owing to the limited number of under-line displays, the depth of the brand's two-way binding, and the low level of overall site-type knowledge. New entrants usually have to take the lead.
Multiple rounds of business negotiations, then go to the front-line over-the-line platform, and then replace the rest of the under-line card booths for a longer time. Now, the stones have been pre-positioned, entering more than 200 target under-the-line shops, and are well-placed online.
In Los Angeles, for example, the current stone-plating machine S7maxultra is selling at 13 local underline shops in Target for $950. At the same time, the stones have entered several kas of business, including Bestbuy, Walmart, Costco, Homedepot.
S8plus, with an average rating of 4.7, is ranked first in sales of S8proultra, valued at $1,600. The goods purchased on the bestbuy line can be picked up at the downdoor on-line, for example, in Los Angeles, where 13 shops support four items.
Figure 12: Los Angeles, for example, there are 13 bestbuys that support the under-line delivery of 4 items of stone brands.
Target is a high-level discount retail store, based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, and the fourth largest retailer in the United States, providing customers with modern-day fashion front-line retail services, sales of domestic clothing, household accessories, food and consumer goods, mainly through real stores and online websites.
Sex signs and slogans like "expectmore, Payless" are well known. Figure 13: The market position of the online website Target.com Target is between traditional discount shops and mid-end department stores, providing fashion and quality
By the end of 2023, based on the Target network of officials, Target had more than 45 brands.
According to the United States, as of 1 January 2024, there were 1,956 Target stores in the United States. The largest number of States and territories in the United States are California, with 316 shops, or 16% of all Target stores in the United States. In addition, $2 million is returned to local communities every week through donations and other activities.
In terms of methods, Target focuses more on family, clothing, fashion, and so on. Compared to competitors like Walmart, Target also provides refund guarantees, credit payments, etc. In November of this year, the Target.com website was visited about 234 million times, a significant increase over the previous months.
The proportion of women is about 63.65 per cent, the highest of which is in the 25-34 age group, at 29.26 per cent. The audience is interested in universities, bank loans, the media, fashion, etc. Women between the ages, earning about $65,000 per year, $12,000 higher than the regular clients of Wal-Mart.
The ethnic background of customers is mainly white or Caucasian, but the number of Hispanic customers has increased significantly in recent years. With regard to the way in which Target is located, businesses are invited to contact buyers’ teams. In February 2019, Target announced the launch of the Target+(targetplus) platform, which supports third-party sellers to enter and sell.
Home-grown insurance, third-party warehouses, acclaimed, and member card-holding Target clients get a 5% discount, free delivery, and in-house return service. Target is suitable for selling sweep robots, and is positioned to provide high-value, high-quality goods that are easy to pursue.
The clean-field robotic properties of the solution match. Target’s broad client base and openness to innovative home-based products provide a vast market for ground-scattering robots. Meanwhile, the comfortable shopping environment and easy shopping experiences that Target emphasizes attract consumers looking for smart home-based devices.
3.2. Target (Grandcanyondr): Stone sweeper 1, plus 2 land scrubbers Stone technology has been installed on the counter below the Target line, for example, with 4155 sGrandcanyondr, Lasvegas, nv89147.
At the store, a s7maxultra was placed on the shelf, the original cost of which was $1299.99 and is now discounted at $949.99. At the lower end of the irobot high school, with a m6 trailer, for a total of 4 products; at the upper end of rv2610wa, the price was $449.99.
The price of the same product is higher than the price of the same product.
Table 2: irobot high school, low end with m6 tractors, 4 products irobot irobot
Roombacomboj5+Roombacomboi5+target
Soldbyunited soldbylumege (serialnumbersrecorded)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, matrix tri-brushsyst therealproperty.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Sharkmatrixplus2-in-1, rv2610wa sharkairobot-rv2310ae robot-rv765
On the land washing shelf, the tineco2 product ifloorbreeze3 and floorones2plus, the store does not have a top-end land washing machine in Tineco; the bissells have two products. The price is higher than the price of the product.
Table 4: Two tineco washing machine products, two bitsell washing machine products at slightly higher prices than the US-American equivalent 3.3, target (marylandpkwy): stones have not yet been laid, tineco 2 floor washing machine
For example, the address of the store is 4001 smariylandpkwy, Lasvegas, nv89119. The shop's physical design is simple, and the red and white logo is very visible. The shop's clearing robotic shelves are primarily branded as irobot and shark, of which irobot has a roombacomboi5+ (priced at $599.99), roombaboi5+.
675 (price: $299.99) and a tow robot braavajetm6 (price: $449.99). Shark brands sharkion-rv765 (price: $259.99) and sharkmatrix-rv2310ae (price: $499.99).
Table 5: irobot in the target sweeper area has 3 items and shark has 2 items. For the floor washer shelf, two brands with 5 items of land washing machine products have been displayed, of which 3 (para. 2) are additional land washing machine products, itroorbreze3, phrhero 11s and 3 bissell products, respectively.
Neither the products displayed by Kenmore are land washing machines, nor can they smoke wet waste. The “pricedrightdaily” policy implies a reasonable, competitive price on a daily basis, rather than relying on frequent promotions or discounts, to make consumers aware that they always get a fair price when shopping in Target.
Table 6: Three bitells in the target clearing hangar area, two in Tineco, 3.4, target.com: Sku sold more on the line than under the line, six pieces of ground sweep product on the stone line, comparing the price of the product at Target and the price of the sale in America with the price of the product at Target.
The price is generally slightly higher than that of the US and the Maori of the underline product will be slightly higher than that of the line, so the more the product enters the line, the more it will be profitable to improve the level of profitability. Combined with the sales of target.com, skus are sold more on the line than under the line.
Selling 10 irobot products; 6 roborock products, s7maxultra, q8max+, q8max+, s8pus, s8; 6 sark products; 1 eufy products.
After entering some of the below-line stores on the target line, it is expected to be the same, because one of the conditions under the positioning line is to be tested for sales on the line. According to the various floor sweepers under the line, Roborock is the most sophisticated, competitive, and is expected to capture the share of the below-line sweepers.
Figure 20: Ten irobot products sold on Target.com, nine ground sweepers, one land rubbing robot, and two six roborock products sold on 21: target.com, of which three are all-house products. Figure 22: target.com sells six sark products and one eufy product.
The bulk of the products sold are vacuum cleaners that suck only dry waste, while the dry waste is smaller in class and is now only available on-line in Tineco and Bissell. Figure 23: Target.com sells and sells 5 pieces of ground washing machine products and Shark 1 item of land washing machine products.
Figure 24: Target.com sells and sells 3 tineco washing machine products, 1 roborock washing machine products, bestbuy: technical attributes, male-dominated, soil sweep product lines, 4.1. Bestbuy profile: audio equipment starters, audience males, technology fans, and floor sweepers
Bestbuy, founded in 1966 in Minnesota, United States of America, is currently focusing on the sale of electronics, computers, appliances, etc., and is positioned as a professional retailer of technology and electronics. Target market owners, if they are middle-income families in urban and suburban areas, focus on professionals interested in technology, technology fans, etc.
According to Semrush, Bestbuy.com received about 271 million visits in December 2023, Ping.
The target audience is mainly interested in games, video game controllers and accessories, and news. According to querysprout, the main target city of estbuy.
The field is a millennium generation with low to medium socio-economic status. Bestbuy is working to attract more female consumers, most notably, the number of female customers has increased in recent years. Bestbuy provides a wealth of product lines, including television, computers, smart phones, home appliances, etc.
Bestbuy provides high-quality services to clients through the Geeksquad, including technical support such as maintenance, installation, etc. to meet customers’ follow-up needs for products.
As of December 12, 2023, there were 1,048 bestbuy shops in the United States. The largest number of state and territory places in the United States were California, with 145 shops, or about 14% of all United States doors.
Each of the more than 1,000 big stores in the bestbuy can deliver their goods to the customers.
Acted as a “mini-warehouse” in its surrounding area, making it easier for customers to purchase and pick up goods. Figure 27: As of 12 December 2023, 1,048 bestbuy shops in the United States
It's natural for a machine and a machine to be located in the Bestbuy channel, starting with a client in the Bestbuy.
Group matching, bestbuy’s clientele include technocrats and professionals, and Chinese manufacturers have the most new technologies, such as navigational barriers, self-cleaning stations, and scavenging, that help to capture consumers’ minds. Bestbuy uses “daily low-priced” and “matched-pricing” strategies, and therefore provides land sweep robots.
Scrubbing robots need to provide reliable performance and durability through rigorous quality control. With the same function, Chinese manufacturers have more value for money, while clearing machines mature in domestic markets before entering foreign markets.
By reaching out to a wide range of potential client groups, enhancing brand market credibility, significantly expanding marketing networks and market coverage, as well as obtaining valuable client feedback, it will help to sustain product improvements and innovations; and by promoting brand and bestbuy partnerships through collaborative outreach.
Stones have not yet been placed at the bottom of the bestbuy line, for example, the barestbuy (matylandpkwyrm8 store) with 3820 smariylandpkwyrm8, Lasvegas, nv89119. The concepti (conceptual shop) was launched in 1989 after several changes and expansions since 1966.
The store has replaced the dark industrial style shop and has been running a series of concept shops that look like classic blue-and-yellow + visible logo. These stores place all stocks in the sales area rather than in the warehouse, reduce the number of salesmen, provide more information on self-help products, and do not sell in a high-pressure manner to create a more comfortable shopping environment for consumers.
It's also a classic blue yellow color, which is synchronized with the rest of the web. Figure 28: Bestbuy under the line blue yellow + bright logo figure 29: Bestbuy.com on the line is also a classic blue yellow color.
Three brands of land sweeper products were placed in the rack area, of which irobot 6, ecovacs 2, shark 4, and irobot were located in the most wide range.
Top j9+ sale price $1399, low-end machine 694. ecovacs has installed the current top-end new machine model x 2omni sale price $1149.99, below j9+, but with a more comprehensive function than j9+, Chinese manufacturing product is more cost-effective. Shark has placed its own high-end engine, rv2610wa, for $699.99 from the price.
Look, most of the sales of the same products under the line are more expensive than the US-Asia, and the manufacturers have more room for Maori.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, msgonebefore.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
Bestbuy sales prices extramepro, floorones5extreme, floorones3extreme, ifoor3pus; bissell
Card 2 products, crosswavepetpro 2316, crosswavehydstem 3515. The price of the same product was flat or slightly higher than that of the US as compared to that of the US.
Table 10: Bestbuy displays 4 landwasher products of the brand teneco, Table 11: Bestbuy displays 2 groundwasher products of the brand bissell 4.3, bestbuy.com: rich product lines, 5 stone sweepers; Kovos 6
The six ground scrubbers are sold more often than the line is sold.
8 sark products; 2 eufy products; and a number of bobsweeps (Canada company). Internal search, cloud whales, millet, etc. have not yet entered the bestbuy.com, so there is a longer way to get under the bestbuy line.
Figure 33: Bestbuy.com sales of 5 Roborock products, 6 ecovacs products, 34: Bestbuy.com sales of 8 sark products, 2 eufy products combined with Bestbuy.com market sales of land washing machines, with more sku on-line than below-line, with bitsell producing.
Item 5, 1785a ($257.49) and 3011 ($349.99) below line; paragraph 6 of Tineco product, Flooronestaam ($449.99) and S7 ($649.99) below line; and paragraph 1 of Shark product hydrovac-wd201.
Figure 36: Bestbuy.com sales of 6 tineco washing machine products, 1 sark washing machine products, 5, walmart: predominantly for public consumption. Land sweepers are predominantly for low-end single machines, 5.1. walmart profiles: location of public consumption, variety and number of shops
Wal-Mart was founded in 1962 in Arkansas by Mr. Sam Walton, a legend from the retail industry in the United States. Wal-Mart opened the first super-shopping centre in 1988. Wal-Mart opened the first Wal-Mart neighbourhood market in 1998. Wal-Mart created Wal-Mart.com in 2000.
Wal-Mart has four business models: Wal-Mart, Sam's, Wal-Mart, Wal-Mart Community. It offers a wide range of electronics, movies, music, books, medicines, beauty and home improvements.
Wal-Mart has a certain credibility. Focusing on the “low daily” strategy, it is committed to providing the lowest price for the best products. Wal-Mart’s supply chain management system is efficient, reducing operating costs, and thus achieving more competitive pricing.
Unlike the Amazon, walmart.com currently charges no monthly fee, advertising fees, 6-20% commission for sales of goods sold on its website, 15% for the vast majority of goods and 8% for electronics. The fee is based on the final commercial agreement. Wal-Mart’s wfs logistics service is almost 100% covered.
In the United States, a set of stores, orders, transports, and passenger service chains has been assembled to almost reach a “two-day mark”: over a year, over 1,400 United States stores have been modernized, showing their brand-new set-up, known as the “future store.” According to Srapehero, as of 25 December 2023, the United States had them.
There are 4,622 Wal-Marts. The largest number of Wal-Marts in the United States is in Texas, with 509 shops, or about 11% of all Wal-Marts in the United States. Of these, 3,548 are supercentres, 680 are community market shops, and 356 are discount shops.
In November 2023, the monthly visit to walmart.com increased by 37.8%, to 6185 million. According to similarweb, 44.91% of the walmart.com audience was male and 55.09% female. The largest user age group was 25-34 years, or 23.94%.
The audience of walmart.com is generally considered to come from low- to middle-income rural households seeking easy, affordable and comprehensive purchasing experiences.
Figure 38: Top user age group 25-34 years, 23.94 per cent; walmart (tropicanaave): floor sweeps with low end products of shark and eufy of 5.2_{\circ}
The walmart store in Las Vegas (at 3075etropicanave, Lasvegas, nv89121) has a majority of the floor sweeper brands on the robot shelf, irobot and wyze, respectively. The hark brands are sharkmatrix-rv2300 (labeled $199 below the US dollar).
At sub-prices, sharkiq-rv754 (Wormart Channels) and sharkiq-rv1000ae.
Table 12: Shark has a total of three products, and eufy has three products, dominated by low-end machines, and table 13: irobot and wyze displays one low-end floor sweeper products, 5.3, walmart.com: rocks and Kovos are in place.
Sku is more sold on the walmart power line than below the line, and Chinese brands of stone and Kovos are in place. Of the names under the line, eufy and irobot have more sku in the walmart-based commercial city, both have more than 190 commodity links, Sark is relatively small but has more than 130, and Wyze is just one.
Q5/n8+, sold at a price of less than US$ 300, dominated by a low-end machine that conforms to the commercial super-diplomatic nature. 6, sam'sclub: Wal-Mart high-end, low-level sub-store cleaning machine items.
Mainly, stones and middle-end Cowers are in online stores 6.1, sam's sclub profile: high-end membership stores under Wal-Mart, high-quantity, one price advantage
Sam's sclub is a member-made warehouse retailer in the United States. It belongs to the largest samwalton in the world. It opened its first shop in Oklahoma, United States, in 1983, and created samsclub.com.
The core feature is membership, with customers paying an annual fee to become members in order to shop in a shop. This model allows Sam's membership shop to offer lower prices because it reduces some retail costs and enables economies of scale to be achieved through bulk purchases.
Sam’s membership shop provides a wide range of goods, including grocery, electronics, household goods, clothing, medicines, and health products. Many products are sold in large packagings, adapted to the large purchase needs of households and small businesses.
In addition to retail goods, Sam’s membership store provides additional services such as optical centres, photo printing, pharmacies, and automobile services.
On December 12, 2001, there were 599 Sam's member shops in the United States, each with an average size of about 136,000 square feet. The largest number of Sam's member stores in the United States was in Texas, with 81 shops, or about 14 per cent of the Sam's.
Figure 40: As of December 12, 2023, there are 599 Sam'sclub member shops in the United States that target individuals and business consumers of the urban middle and upper classes, who usually look for high-quality goods and services.
38.16 per cent, or 61.84 per cent, were women. The largest target group was 35-44, or 22.6 per cent, samsclub.com, with an interest in bank credit, the media, computer and electronic technology, fashion.
Figure 42: Samsclub.com audience is interested in bank credit, media, 61.84%; the largest age group is 35-44 years, reaching 22.6% Arithmetic e-technology, fashion apparel
6.2. Sam's sclub (pecosr): Land sweeps only at the shark and irobot Las Vegas member ' s stores (5101 specosrd, lasvegas, nv89120), limited position of the floor sweeper shelves, and the shark and irobot brands of the floor sweeps only, of which the shark and irobot are two.
6.3, samsclub.com: Stones and Kovos have been stationed from the sam'ssclub to the shopping mall class, with few brands, including eight skus in the irobot.
Plus and ecovacsn8plus. 7, Prospective Prospectives for Profit and Investment, China's brand, with its good product power, has secured access to the line.
2023m 11-month sales/markets are above irobot, with the second largest market in 2023 at m1-m11, where the city’s share is expected to continue to lead, form a product’s reputation and brand influence. The powerful ka channel in the U.S. line channels, although not all-too-moderated, is limited to foreign branding and underline.
In the case of stones, nearly 200 gates in Target are now in place, and the lower- and middle-end stand is well placed and sold.
New products s8maxvultra, s8maxultra, qrevomaxv (national p10pro), orevopro (p10pro reduced version, unlisted domestically) were released in 2024, and are expected to be marketed in April 2024, with an iterative upgrading of the cleanliness and intellectual orientation of overseas users and a strong product competitiveness.
The U.S.’s land sweeper and land-washing product lines offer vast opportunities to grow under the pipeline, looking at the rock’s continued share of foreign brands. We maintain profit forecasts, expecting a rapid decline in overseas demand, a lack of outreach, increased competition in the industry, etc.