Institutional services lead, investment returns are rising in a negative way - Merchant securities are listed in the 2018 annual report.
Brokering, self-indulgents, etc. Performance overall is better than industry, influenced by tight regulation and low markets, with investment and brokering revenues of 34% and -22%, respectively, self-employment, sustained wealth management transformation and institutional services maintaining industry leadership.
Compared with the trend of depth 300, the Unit has moved to wealth management, with 2.64 million clients in accumulated wealth management + 4 per cent, or 26 per cent of total open-account clients. Centrally, research, trade, hosting, pb transactions + 27 per cent, trust funds + 27 per cent.
For the fifth year in a row, the number of packaged products was first in the industry, and the number of Wofe service products was the largest in the market. The investment pool ranked ahead, and bond underwriting was prominent, despite a drop of over 30% of the investment income, the business overall maintained a dominant position in the industry.
8th in the industry of scale, ipo is ranked 5th in volume, and bond owners are ranked 3rd, abs second in size. Merger and purchase transactions are ranked 7th in size.
Market factors disturbed the self-employment performance, and the negative growth in returns on investment showed strength \triangleright size, representing a 50% share of total assets, an increase of 12 percentage points from the same year.
By comparison to 26%, however, good investment gains were achieved through market operations, off-site derivatives trading, and ficc, which +36%, with an overall Māori rate of 76%, indicating a high profitability of investment transactions.
Market leadership further consolidated Pb business lead, landing h share enhanced corporate financial statement data projections summary
Chen Xing, a Ph.D. in Business Law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and a post-doctor in Finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy research.