In February 2019, net profits increased by the same amount.
In February 2019, the company increased its net profit by 2142.86% on a year-on-year basis. In February 2019, the company earned 10.99 billion yuan, an increase of 745.38% on a year-on-year basis, an increase of 8.18% on a ring-on-month basis, and in January-February 2019, the cumulative operating income was 2,114 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, an increase of 50.80% on a year-on-year basis.
Both operating income and net profits increased by more than 50 per cent on a year-by-year basis, with the company ' s performance in 2019 reversed in February with a s034051901001: and operating income and net profits increased in February at a single month ' s rate of increase, superding into 2019
Since then, stock market data have been warming, capital market reforms have been moving fast, equity sector benefits are expected, the business environment will continue to improve and companies will be ranked among the top eight sectors with year-on-year increases or excess net capital sizes in 2019, and with industry business models moving from corridor to asset-intensive.
Business shifts, companies have capital advantages to follow. In terms of profitability, for almost five years (the first three quarters of 2014 were in eighth place in the industry, while the amount of net profit lost by the company was in the industry between 6th and 7th place, and the third quarter of 2018 was in seventh place in the industry, where the company's profitability surged during that period.
Out. For the last five years, the net income-scale sectors of the company ' s main business have ranked first: net revenue-based sectors of the company ' s brokerage business have changed between 8th and 9th, with industry co-opts in the first 3rd quarter of 2018, and reserve entrepreneurs in 3rd place, contributing to the company ' s income from the 2019 launch.
Strength assurance: Industry rankings of net revenue size of corporate capital management have been declining, but rankings have been in the top 8 of the industry for years to the eighth in the third quarter of 2018; industry rankings of income scale of overseas operations are 9th in the industry and the company ' s profitability in its own business; net revenue requirements for credit operations
The model industry ranked 9th in the first three quarters of 2018. The securities market warmed and the data margins were better. The average stock turnover began to be repaired in January 2019, with a sharp increase in February, and the average value of the market in January-February 2019 was 29,6.7 billion yuan and the average value of the market in January-February 2019.
Up to 8 March 2019, the combined balance was $86.338 billion, an increase over late 2018, and since the opening of the port, up-to-date funds have accumulated a net buy-in in the north since 8 March 2019. Market data have been relatively marginal and warmer than expected since 2019.
The business environment has improved, and the market has become more dynamic. The international environment: the US interest rate hike in 2019 has slowed, giving us more room for monetary policy easing.
The U.S. Trade Representative’s Office announced that it would stop imposing additional tariffs on Chinese imports. The domestic context: the shift from “stable” to “stable” monetary policy and the overall balance of funds between banks.
The CSRC emphasizes market regulation and reduces direct intervention in the stock market by 2019, thereby contributing to an increase in market activity.
Marginal improvements, pro-policy developments, a rapid increase in average daily stock turnover, a significant increase in market activity, and the profitability of the company's main operations are at the forefront of the industry, which is more beneficial than the 300-point depth index of the rating system's “market index” reference point.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.