The recovery of the international line led to a loss, and the price of the ticket was stable and ready to rise. The recovery of the international line led to a recovery in the profits of the passenger movement, with a significant reduction in the net profit of the mother.) End of income: the international line.
In 2024, the company generated $166,699 million in operating income, a growth rate of 79.9 per cent, compared to +6.6 per cent for passenger transport.
The decline in the same ratio is mainly due to losses on exchange and lower fiscal spending. Demand recovery and movement increases drive growth. 1) Demand-side: domestic demand is more resilient, international routes are restored to the core driving force. On the demand side, passenger traffic has steadily increased, compared to supply and demand in 2024.
On the international demand side, which benefited from the One-way initiative, the one-way policy and the international shipping line subsidy policy, accelerated recovery of international demand, and data from 2024 show that international and regional routes have resumed or become key growth points, particularly Europe and the United States and high-yielding routes along the “one-way” route.
The recovery plus international oil prices have continued to fall, and passenger transport performance is expected to continue to grow. 2) Supply ends: fleet sizes lead Asia, broad body machines are building up growth poles in coordination with the recovery of international routes. By the end of the reporting period, the group had transported 930 aircraft, and has over-Viet Nam become the largest air fleet in Asia, the company plans.
With the introduction of 47/44/59 aircraft in 2025/26/27, the fleet has continued to increase in size, while the number of wide-body aircraft owned by the State is a national leader, suitable for long-range international airline operations. As international demand recovers, the advantages of corporate wide-body air transport are evident, and the build-up of international demand is expected to continue.
On the other hand, with Beijing and Chengdu as the core hub for better coverage across the country and across the globe, in 2024 it continued to build up its domestic and international routes, restarted and opened multiple international routes, and optimized the addition of multiple domestic fast lines, including Chengdu-Hanzhou.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.