The company has now become a minority in China with a certain international competition. On August 17, the company published its semi-annual report for 2022.
The competing semiconductor silicon enterprises, whose products have been increased by 46.62% in a number of countries: the net return to the mother is $5.0569 million, a 47.71% decline in comparison with the previous year, recognized by the company's full-time clients, both inside and outside.
Suppliers of semiconductor enterprises, offering product types covering the fair value fluctuations of the subsidiary Shanghai Xinjin's participation in the investment fund and the recognized amount of government grants 300 mm polish and extras, 200 mm and below
The production, production and sale of silicon is China's mainland rule.
One of the largest semiconductor silicon-making companies in China, the continent's first 300 mm semiconductor silicon-scale sale, the company's record high in the first half of the year, the Māori rate rising to 21.85 per cent, and the net operating cash flow ratio.
The demand for semiconductor products has continued to flourish, the company’s capacity has been further released, and sales of 300 mm of large silicon products have increased significantly. From a single quarter, the q2 battalion received $860 million, an increase of 46.19 per cent over the same period, the ring has increased the advance payments made by some customers, and the quality of operations has continued to improve.
In the first half of the year, the company grew 72.22% in R & D, soi silicon technology leading, insulation-lined, to 545 people, an increase of 11.91% in the same year.
Technology is state-of-the-art at the global level. The insulation of the company’s new silicon silicon conglomerates is moving well, product development and production lines are being built, and the company has completed some of its client-showing work.
In the first half of 2022, the company’s 300mm silicon portfolio accumulated more than 5 million pieces, and the monthly output volume was constantly rising. Shanghai’s new 300 mm high-end output was still high.
With the completion of the silicon expansion project, the company’s total production capacity of 300 mm semiconductor silicon will reach 600,000 tablets per month, further increasing market ownership. The company’s capacity of 200 mmsoi will be raised from 30,000 to 40,000 units per month, better meeting the continuing increase in demand for applications such as radio frequency; and its subsidiary Finland’s kmetic
In Finland, the 200-mm semiconductor-specific silicon expansion project will further expand the capacity of 200-mm semiconductor polishing tablets for mems and radio frequency applications. The company will further exploit the advantages of globalization and open up international markets with customers in North America, Europe, China, other countries or regions in Asia.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company seizes the historical opportunity of the semiconductor industry to move to the country, with a huge expansion of silicon products. The net return profits of the company are expected to be $201 million in 2022-2024.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.