In the silicon industry, with a net profit gain and a rapid expansion of productive capacity, the Māori rate has risen significantly. The company reported in mid-2022 that it had achieved operating income of $1.646 billion in the first half of the year, compared to the previous year.
27.0 per cent, with the ring losing; $28 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, and the first transfer of non-net interest in single quarters. Changes in non-recurring gains and losses are mainly due to fluctuations in the fair value of industry funds and changes in the recognized government grant levels of the company’s sales of Maori in the first half of 2022.
In the reporting period, the company’s 300 mm silicon capacity continued to rise, its monthly output was innovative, its harvest grew high, and its accumulated output exceeded its historical output.
5 million units. The company’s new subsidiary, Shanghai, completed the financing of the 300-m2 high-end silicon expansion project for the additional 300,000 monthly integrated circuits and, on schedule, promoted the expansion project, which, when completed, would bring the company’s 300mm semiconductor total silicon production capacity to 600,000 m/month, which would further strengthen the company’s business base and increase market ownership.
In the first half of the year, the company completed the expansion of the 200mmsoi silicon production line from 30,000 to 40,000 units per month to meet the increase in demand in the field of radio frequency.
The silicon silicon expansion project further consolidated the company’s market position in areas such as mems and radio frequency. The 200-mm silicon business product structure continued to be optimized, and applications in electric automobiles and industry were deployed to enhance risk resistance.
The equity fund raised $5 billion to provide strong financial security for the 300 mm silicon project. The company invested $92 million in research and development in the first half of the year, an increase of 72.22 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the total R & D investment represented 5.58 per cent of the revenue collected, leading the country in terms of the new 300 mm large silicon technology in Shanghai, which achieved 14 nm and above logic processes and 3d.
Full coverage and silicon marketing of storage processes, full coverage of mainstream silicon product types, full coverage of major domestic customers; progress in the development and production of insulation-based film-lined material products for subsidiaries of new silicon polymers
Successfully, some of the client-showing work was completed during the reporting period.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Demand fluctuations due to industry climate; pace of expansion projects less than expected; limitation of start-up rates, etc. (8621) 203285550