On August 24, 2022, the silicon industry published its mid-2022 report.
Compared to +46.62 per cent; net return profit of $5.0569 million, a decrease of 47.71 per cent in the same year; net non-repatriation of 12 inches of silicon production, which contributed to sustained growth in performance. First half of 2022 benefited from half \triangleright
Silicon production at 12 inches is expected to reach 300,000 pieces per month by the end of 2021, and production and output levels have continued to climb since the first half of the year. By the end of the first half of 2022, the company had accumulated 12 inches of silicon history.
More than 5 million pieces, with an innovative monthly delivery, the company became the largest producer of 12-inch semiconductor silicon material in the country, with full coverage of applications such as logic, storage, image sensors (cis).
The company is a national leader in 12 inches of silicon technology, with 14 nm logical devices, 128 floors of 3d Nand storage, 19 nmdram storage authentication, with major clients including the center core international, Yangtze storage, Wuhan new core, desktop power generation, Grovend, and other large offshore and offshore plants. The company's production capacity of 12 inches of silicon continues to climb.
The landscape of the slope-cum-promotion industry has continued to grow, and the company achieved a bump in the first half of the year. 1. Silicon Industries - u (688126.sh) 2021 Annual Report.
Speed - 2022/04/13 Plus 12 inches of semiconductor silicone capacity, increasing the autonomous and controlled pace. 12E \triangleright for continuous expansion.
Silicon Industries - u (688126) In-depth report: Nationally produced semiconductor semiconductor silicon production capacity, taking advantage of historical opportunities to replace national production, the company completed 300,000 new monthly integrated circuits financed with a 12-inch high-end silicon extension project, and was on schedule to promote the expansion project.
The company’s 12-inch semiconductor silicon production capacity will reach 600,000 pieces per month, and the project will further strengthen the company’s market base, increase market ownership and accelerate the autonomous control of the 12-inch semiconductor silicon. 8 inches and below silicon optimizes the product structure, and the subsidiary Okmetic starts to expand production.
\triangleright’s eight inches of silicon silicon (including silicon silicon silicon silicon) and its capacity utilization continues to be high.
Upgrades the silicon output by 8 inches and below. In Shanghai, the silicon by 8 inches can be produced from 30,000 inches/month, to 40,000 in months; in Finland, the silicon by 8 inches of semiconductor feature can be expanded to further expand the capacity of the 8 inches of semiconductor silicon by applications such as mems and radio frequency.
Consolidation of high-end investment proposals for kmetic in advanced sensors, power devices, radio-frequency filters and integrated non-source devices: taking into account the increase in R & D costs in the company in the first half of the year, we have a small under-renovation company to replace it with a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.