It's better to keep an eye on the wind, and the cost will not change the long-term investment logic of Eli.
The three-quarterly financial reports (600887), in which the Ily shares published their semi-annual report for 2018, realized operating income of 39.943 billion yuan, an increase of 19.26 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, which increased by 2.43 per cent over the same period, was 3.446 billion yuan; and the net profit withheld from the shareholders of the parent company, which increased by 3.3228 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 3.51 per cent over the same period.
Revenue-side industries go hand in hand and maintain absolute leadership of the industry. Company h1 achieves a major income of $39,943 million, an increase of $3,867 million (a 27.3 per cent increase in the same year) in milk powder. All income figures for Eli are well above industry levels, and the dairy industry is in real retail.
Terminals, milk powder, low-temperature pure milk and pyrolytic milk increased by 14.8 per cent, 16.1 per cent, 18.6 per cent, Ely increased the market share of liquid milk at constant temperature, low-temperature milk, infant formula by 2.4, 1 and 0.8 pct. respectively, and the market penetration rate of milk products of the main battalion, which increased by 2.7 percentage points to 81.2 per cent during the same period in the previous year, at a full rate at the end of the first half of the year, for follow-up expansion and external extension.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources of liquid milk and cold-drinking Maori have increased slightly, mainly due to higher-end product ratios. Low-cost expectations are higher, with 18h1 rates increasing at the same rate.
By 14.9 per cent, because of the higher costs expected from Monx 18h1, Eli increased its spending on the line at 18q2, which exceeded market expectations, the increase in the sales rate was due to the drop on the line and the lower channel cost increased by only 0.2 pct in the second quarter over the first quarter. With the confirmation of the title of the Winter Olympics and the expectation of enhanced line marketing in the third quarter, improved performance is expected to occur in the fourth quarter.
It's good to have a more competitive edge during the frequent hot sprint period. According to our research, Eli did win more market share through a high-cost investment, and the bulk of the monolithic product grew more rapidly than the competitor. The gold medals grew by more than 30%, higher than Trensu.
At the same time, the milk industry has increased faster than expected by 25% of the market. At the same time, 18h1 companies increased their operating cash flow by 86.73% over the same period and their accounts payable by 22.35%, with a sharper level of homogenization in the last decade, with a trend towards future competition, and Eli is expected to continue to break the gap with its competitors in 2018.
The company’s three new business departments are now committed to the current business. The Beverage Department is expected to work next year, and the future will be effectively echoed by the existing liquid milk department, the Beans.
Milk, energy beverages, milk-acid beverages, and even products that are more suitable for catering channels, are expected to enter the Ely marketing system. We expect that the next 1-2 years will be a hot-milk bulge period, with companies now accounting for 37.1% of the market (Nelson caliber), and that taking into account that the full channel is expected to be 35% of the way to view the implications of the current spending more objectively, and that more patience will be given during the period when competition in the industry is still burning.
We believe that in the second half of the year, the company will continue to grow strong at the income end, maintaining 18/19/20 revenue expectations, achieving, respectively, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern finance.
Eastern Foundation, Tedarhonley Foundation. Master of Arts degree in Finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and two degrees in undergraduate studies, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space. 2017 Research assistant briefer on his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report on its content in an objective and impartial manner, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
It's easy, and it's possible to provide or seek to provide these companies with related clothing such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.