Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco is rated as income growth in line with expectations, and advertising and marketing costs lead to profit; company announcements are reported in mid-2018, and companies received $39,589 million in revenue during the reporting period.
The continued faster growth in income is in line with expectations, the penetration rate and the city ' s share rate have increased further, the total equity/flow (millions of shares) but taking into account factors such as the previous high-value base and the spring mismatches in the high-growth of the quarter, we believe.
The company is currently maintaining a better growth in revenue, and the total revenue for the first half of the year is in line with our expectations.
We believe that the share of milk powder and dairy products will increase further in the coming years, and that liquid milk will remain.
The company's “Golden Censorship”, “Anmush”, “Fighty”, “every gain”,
–2017/10/09 “joyday”, “gold crown”, “Charlotts” and “Small” priority product series have increased by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis: sales of new products accounted for the same period in the previous year as compared with sales of new products.
Structural upgrading is accelerating, and brand influence and product profitability are expected to continue to improve.Cedo Research data show that, by the end of June 2018, companies had a market penetration rate of 81.2 per cent for regular liquid milk, an increase of 2.7 pct compared to the same period in the previous year, fully reflecting the target for product home arrival.
In addition, Nelson Zero shows that the market share of the company's constant-temperature liquid milk business is 2.4 pct higher than in the previous year, while the market share of low-temperature liquid milk and infant and child formula milk is 1 pct and 0.8 pct higher, respectively, than in the same period of the previous year.
The Ely shares report points out that income growth is what was expected, that advertising and marketing costs are causing profits, that the company’s income growth in the first half of the year is what was expected, and that, in view of the freshness of its products and the turnover and turnover of its products, it is still expected to grow at a faster pace in the second half of the year, according to current research.
It is not so difficult to achieve the target of $77 billion in gross operating income throughout the year. The rapid rise in corporate ownership and sales revenue is largely due to the advantages of company channel penetration and the three-to-four-line market.
During the reporting period, the Māori rate for the company’s main business was 38.64%, a decrease of 0.06 pct over the same period, of which 0.02 pct was raised for liquid milk, 2.22 pct for cold drinks, and 3.11 pct for milk powder and dairy products.
The lower-than-expected column is based on advertising costs. In the first half of the year as a whole, sales costs are as high as 25.5%, returning to their pre-2011 level of input.
The cost of advertising marketing during the period was 14.9 per cent, an increase of 2.8 pct over the annual average for 2017; sales revenue, for example, was only 10.60 per cent of the non-advertisement marketing cost, a slight improvement over last year's average, which is consistent with what we learned from previous sources.
During the reporting period, the cost of sales increased by $2,522 million, or 32.98 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the advance of the Winter Olympics, increased branding inputs, increased advertising inputs for new company products and extension of products, including soy milk, awakening, etc.
Māori rates are stable, brand inputs are larger, and sales are narrow in comparison. Companies in the second quarter of the year, our point is that the gross sales have a significant impact on short-term performance, from corporate development to brand building.
However, combined with marginal improvements in indicators such as management and below-line roll-out rates, scale effects are established, and some costs and costs are manageable. Rapid income growth, penetration and product-market ratios continue to rise.
In this context, increasing branding in exchange for short-term performance in exchange for a stable market share and brand influence is long-term. And looking ahead, marketing around the theme of the Winter Olympics will lead to a dramatic upgrading of Eli’s brand image, which will also have a huge impact on income and profits in the coming years.
Building and marketing activities around new products will contribute to medium- and long-term relay and better development. Channel expansion will increase receivables, reduce stocks, release cash, etc., and overall business is healthier.
We have repeatedly reiterated that one of Eli’s clear advantages over his competitors is the penetration of channels and the better layout of the offline market. Companies have also been expanding their channels on a continuous basis, with the growth of direct-business super-businesses and electric power suppliers, resulting in a similar ratio of corporate receivables and receivables over the reporting period.
Increases of 52.55 per cent, 40.81 per cent. The turnover of accounts receivable for the first half of the year was 4.5 days, an increase of 0.9 days compared to the previous year. However, the increase in the current accounts payable balance, the decrease in the inventory balance and the decrease in net deposits of central banks resulted in an increase in cash outflows from operating activities during the current period compared with the cash inflows
The increase has been relatively reduced, with stock turnover declining from 38.1 days to 32.1 days, and net cash flows from operating activities increasing by 86.73 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Overall operations are also healthy.
Second, the marketing environment is not extreme, and patterns are stable, and promotional activities are more routine, with Eli and Moncer spending more on branding. Third, Eli’s advantages in terms of channel penetration and offline market layout are becoming more pronounced.
Fourth, the “50 billion” target, the theme of the Winter Olympics, the expansion of the health sector and the expansion of external M&As could all be a catalyst for faster corporate income and performance. fifth, the logic of the short-term breakout of company performance has weakened, but product penetration and municipal ownership continue.
The central point is that Eli's income growth is ahead of the industry and the major competitors, that the vanguard position is actually strengthening, and that there is no significant change in industry patterns and supply and demand.
This is where companies increase their brand-building investment, adding $2.522 billion in sales costs in the first half of the year, resulting in a significant loss of profits. In our judgement, the second half of the year will also maintain double-digit growth, and if the cost of sales remains high, the net annual profit will be a single-digit increase.
Under these circumstances, performance in 2019 is expected to benefit from a relatively small base, sustained income growth, marginal improvements in cost rates, among other factors. If the sales environment improves by that time, there will be a marked improvement in cost rates, and there will also be a significant risk of over-exploitation.
The company’s position has not changed, its income has grown well, and the cost inputs have made short-term performance volatile, and there is no need to worry too much about it. In the medium and long term, we still look after the company.
Deciding on income growth, but renovating the forecast of performance growth in 2018, while raising the 2019 IRI share: income growth is what was expected, advertising costs drag profits.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.