It's basically good-looking, extra-exploitation, long-term Ely shares.
According to our recent research data, Ely's sales were good in the second quarter, especially since constant liquid milk maintained a high rate of increase, while terminal costs were expected to increase slightly over the first quarter, but were still within the threshold level required by the company, and we finally received it in the second quarter.
2. Eli submitted a letter of intent to invest to Faujiferbilizerbinqasimmited ( "ffbl") Pakistan with the intention of acquiring no more than 51 per cent of voting shares and control or ffl of its subsidiary Faujifoods Limited ("ffl")
1. Pakistan ' s livestock sector is well developed, its dairy industry lags behind, and there is much room for development. According to preliminary FAO statistics, Pakistan ' s dairy production in 2017 was about 7 per cent of the world ' s total production, ranked fifth in the world, slightly behind China ' s milk production.
In 2016, the country produced 45 billion litres of original milk, 58% of which was commercial and only 4 billion yuan in processed milk.
As a result, despite higher milk production, dairy exports are far lower than the domestic demand of other countries with similar production levels. The world is ranked sixth in terms of population size, with high domestic demand.
1 Eli Shares (600887); No change in fundamental logic, with average annual consumption of dairy products exceeding 150 kg per capita, well beyond China (less than 50 kg) and sustainable with people ' s growth rate (208-05-02)
Increased awareness of food safety and demand for processed and packaged milk will gradually replace low-quality bulk 2 and the Eili (600887) incident rating: strong milk, with huge market potential (see figure I, figure II).
Marketing, Bottom of Values 2018-04-24 Liquefied and other sub-categories of uht milk, with sales as high as 45% and 3, respectively.
35%. The white milk market price is highly competitive, with market sales falling by 3% in 2017, and the industry leader Lilyong is running third for Nestlé, engrofoods, ffl and the local brand Shakarganj.
4 Eli shares (600887); weighting, risking price reduction, 19 per cent of market sales in 2017, but how to speed it up in the second half of the same year.
The target company, which has a long history, a rich product and long-term competitiveness, was founded in the year when it was founded in Lahore, with its headquarters in Barval, and was acquired by the fauji group in 2015.
uht milk, low-fat milk, pap milk, condensed milk, tea milk, milk oil, juice, honey, jam, etc., leading the market in many places. Flags include: dostea liquid milk, nourpur milk, must juice, etc. The total market value is currently about 19,950 million Pakistani rupees, equivalent to about 1.2 billion yuan. In recent years, ffl has invested in new factories, introduced Swedish advanced uht technology to improve productivity and stability and upgrade existing milk.
In 2016 and 2017, Rs. 3,371 million (approximately RMB 202 million) and Rs. 7 billion (approximately RMB 421 million) were collected, compared to the same increase, despite the significant increase in ffl ' s sales earnings in 2016 and 2017 and negative net profits, mainly due to the following five factors: (1) introduction of a variety of new products.
Increased marketing costs: (2) Increase in the fixed cost of milk collection and distribution: (3) subject to tax and regulatory policies, low price increases: (4) subject to low-price bulk milk from informal agencies in the market; (5) Sale of potentially hazardous chemicals from the turpur brand of milk under the flag in February of this year, which was banned by the Supreme Law, with the lifting of the ban after the second monitoring, but with a loss of reputation. ffl significantly increased its sales investment to expand its market value in markets with untapped potential.
In addition, ffl is expected to grow through a range of initiatives, such as innovative products, scaling up production, reducing costs, and improving client loyalty.
By introducing downstream processing and transportation technologies to Pakistan, Eli can help regulate the local dairy market and fully exploit its potential, even the central West Asian market. In addition, it is hoped that local milk sources will be reduced, and that quality milk sources will be introduced into China.
The future of the East’s financial and intellectual boom will not stop as a result of previous obstructions, and it will be strategic in the long term to target the potentially large West Asian market.
The political instability in Pakistan, the integration of companies and adaptation to new markets will take time, the depreciation of the rupees, higher tax rates, and continued price increases in international markets for non-fat milk.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Duren, England, and a double degree from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
It's basically good-looking, expansive, and Eli's long-standing recommended logic remains unchanged. My company has no assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and the proposals contained. We have tried to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.