Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
In the mid-2018 report issued on 30th of the Ily shares (600887), there is room for improvement in the second half of the net profit level to realize operating income of 39,589 million q2 during the reporting period.
The revenue from the sale of new products increased by 5 percentage points over the same period the previous year. The split income showed that liquid milk was worth hundreds of millions of yuan, +14.89%. The company’s main business plates showed good growth, but the prices of paper packaging materials and some of the supplements were constantly rising, reducing the room for Māori upswing, and the company’s total hair during the reporting period.
Interest rate rises by 0.48 pct to 38.67%. Due to factors such as the company ' s large advertising and marketing cost input, increased logistics costs and higher bank interest expenditure in the first half of the year in the Monx World Cup environment, the costs have recovered to varying degrees, sales costs + 32.98%, cost + 2.63 pct, management costs + 8.37%, cost
In the second half of the year, it is expected that the marketing environment will improve after the World Cup is over, and the future development of the beneficiary industries will improve.
+2.7 pct, infant and child formula powder retailed in the mother and child channel increased by 38.7% over the same period the previous year, and the market share continued to expand, with the market share of the regular liquid milk business increasing by 2.4 pct, the market share of the low-temperature liquid milk and infant formulae increasing by 1 pct/0.8 pct.
Retail sales of liquid milk in the municipal and township markets increased significantly more rapidly than in the second-line cities, with milk powder, low-temperature pure cattle, milk retailing of milk and pneumatic milk, which increased by 14.8 per cent to 16.1 per cent and 18.6 per cent, respectively, on-line retail channels, and milk trading, which also increased at a high rate, reaching 36.8 per cent, and the size and availability of the population in the third-line and subdistrict markets.
During the reporting period, the Office of the State Council issued a document entitled " Opinions on the revitalization of the milk industry to ensure the quality and safety of milk products " . The dairy industry is an essential industry for a healthy China, a strong nation, and will provide policy support and control to the entire industry.
The company, as a leader in the dairy industry, is sound and fully developed, maintaining a cash score for many years, red, with a very long-term investment value. High-end white milk, high-end yoghurt milk sales are good, and three or four lines of urban and rural liquid milk are good.
Retail sales have grown faster, becoming a new engine for increasing the scale of dairy consumption. Domestic consumers demand a greater diversity of products, a growing emphasis on safety, health, and high quality quality, and companies have responded positively to rising consumption trends, continuously introducing new products, and continuously pushing for product upgrading through continuous downfalls.
Open Source Securities Inc. (OSC) Webs and Star Advocates are expanding rapidly. The company's ability to open up the non-milk market is expected to rely on its strong network of channels and brand endorsements, to capture a share of the market, and to continue to drive product innovation.
Corporate business as a whole continues to grow. Cost increases and tighter regulation, and companies are expected to continue to capture the market share of small regional dairy companies on the 5th floor of the county, rural market and city.
Research and development capabilities, deep-deep channels, and marketing networks for the domestic milk industry. Firms operate robustly, continuously overseas, and with a high rate of bonus, make their companies extremely valuable in terms of long-term investment prices.
Figure 2: The history of Ely shares pb who is qualified to practise securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.