Erie shares (600887), food and beverages, thick and thin hair, hardening of dairy taps, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Recent follow-up of company operations: high growth of company priority products: sustained growth of products, brands, channel inputs, short-term costs, which are still high, and contribute to the consolidation of leadership positions; positive layout of cheese and healthy drinking products, seeking new growth points.
• Double-digit growth in the dairy sector, with companies performing well on priority products. The 18h1 dairy industry grew by about 11%, and Eli achieved an income growth of around 19%, largely as a result of increased market input and product structure, which in some cases has strained the price of raw materials.
Looking forward – short-term profitability impaired and long-term competitiveness enhanced. Competition in the dairy industry is now increasing, and companies are investing more and more in products, brands, and channels, increasing their income and increasing their market share.
1 - Product inputs: companies invest more in priority products and new products, opening up new products, optimizing product structures and improving profitability, which currently accounts for 13 per cent of income, up by 5 percentage points. 2 - Brand promotion and marketing: making full use of Winter Olympic advertising resources, on-line and on-line
Underline, two-pronged efforts have been made to increase brand influence; grant sales have been low, and end consumption has been boosted. 3. Channels Input: company market penetration of warm milk products has reached 81.2 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.7 percentage points in the same year, mainly as a result of the downswing of channels and the expansion of new channels such as electricity suppliers, convenience stores, new retail outlets, etc.
4 - Talent incentives: In the first half of the year, the company added two new Departments of Product Industry, while increasing the remuneration of core business personnel and increasing employee motivation and stability. Short-term cost inputs have a slight erosion of the company’s profitability, but in the longer term they have contributed to product strength, brand power, channel capacity, and integration.
• Active layout of cheese and healthy drinks, seeking new growth points. The company, as a dairy leader, tries to enter the field of healthy drinking and opens up the space for long-term growth.
Soy milk, a wake-up beverages, and cheese will be introduced in the third and fourth quarters of this year, and a new Ministry of Cheese and Healthy Drinking Industries has recently been established to streamline the business system of new products, laying the foundation for long-term growth.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.