Erie shares (600887.sz)
Over the next 10 years, as milk regulation intensified, product quality improved consumer confidence recovered. In the process of industrial integration, market concentration increased markedly, with Eli and Monx standing side by side in 2017.
At the same time, the government has renewed its plan to revive the dairy industry, encouraging the development of large dairy companies and making the industry more regulated in the medium to long term, with companies acting as industry leaders at the end of demand, with China consuming 36 kg of dairy products per capita, less than one-third of the world average and Asia average.
One in two, especially in the three or four-line cities and rural areas, where consumption is lower per capita, and thus becomes the future space for China’s milk industry to develop in the process of upgrading consumption. When the market is broken down, milk powder registrations land, the downline cities will clear about 30 billion market spaces, and the layout is relatively adequate due to the early sinking of the company pipelines.
On the pipeline, the beneficiary companies have the lead in the deployment of pipelines, with companies accounting for about 90% of liquid milk products and increasing penetration rates, 34% in 2017 and 80% in 2017.
There is still room for expansion, traditional pipelines, and there are still empty markets due to the large base of the townships. Modern tubes, convenience stores and power suppliers, have grown faster, at an average annual rate of 10 per cent and more than 30 per cent, for example, in the case of the electricity-couplers, with 130 per cent more revenue on the company line in 2017. As the pipeline continues to penetrate, the company takes the lead.
It will be stronger, with higher municipal rates continuing to benefit companies’ performance. Product mix cost, with direct materials accounting for about 90 per cent of production costs, and current prices of fresh milk are seasonal
The downside, however, is high, and the trading war may lead to higher prices for raw materials and pressure on the cost side of the company. On the other hand, as a fast-discharge industry, companies are required to continue to invest and sell in competition, with a consistent upward trend in sales costs in 2018, and sales rates are expected to be maintained.
More than 20%, or an increase in the overall cost of the company. But looking at the information in recent years, the tons of the company’s products does not exclude the possibility that price increases can transfer cost pressures downstream. Moreover, product structural improvements can provide a more stable increase in positive income than price adjustments and sales, and are expected to smooth the cost of the company’s profits to a certain extent.
In the long run, cost changes will ease, and product structural upgrades will benefit long-term performance. Moreover, companies are launching soy milk products and functional beverages this year, expanding markets outside the dairy industry, and two new products are still being cultivated with less short-term contribution to performance, but in the long run they will expand the scope for corporate growth.
The shares of Eli are one of China’s two largest dairy companies, and the world’s dairy companies are ranked top 10. At present, companies have no real control over people, the top ten.