Eli shares: high input barriers, long-term profitability Eli shares published semi-annual report: company 18h1 generated business income of $39.589 billion, compared to the same amount on 31 August 2018
+18.88 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of 3.228 billion yuan, +351 per cent. 18q2 was earned. From industry landscape, according to Nelson Zero, milk powder/low-temperature pure milk/premium-temperature-acid milk was sold at the same physical retail end as 14.8 per cent/16.1 per cent/18.6 per cent, with a still high temperature and dairy products.
Demand is not affected at the macroeconomic level, and factors such as rising per capita consumption of dairy products + urbanization + consumption habits + rising disposable incomes of the population have long been the cornerstone of the industry. Growth in the new products is high, and the city’s share has accelerated. h1 company revenues are 39,589 million yuan, an increase of 18.88 per cent;
For priority products such as “Golden” and “Anmush”, “Light and Light” — a 30 per cent increase, with sales of new products increasing further compared to the same +5 pct, product structure; 18h1 liquid milk camp, which collects $31,921 million, $3,867 million, or 27.3 per cent, all leading industries; 18h1 regular fluid milk/low-temperature milk/baby
The construction of channels is moving forward. The company’s regular fluid type has a market penetration rate of 81.2 per cent, compared to the previous ratio of +2.7 pct, construction of village sites and the expansion of new channels such as convenience shops and new retail outlets.
The profits are lower than expected: high inputs create broad barriers and long-term profitability opens up. Costly, long-term wide walls are built. 18h1 advertising costs 14.93%, an increase of 2.11 pct, and short-term performance.
• Propaganda of the Winter Olympics, which began in September of the year, as well as publicity for new beverages such as the planting, awakening, etc. 1, 3q Performances slightly exceeding expectations, Original Milk Week.
Releases, and placements of best-favoured, 100% of priority new items, have led to short-term sales costs being kept under pressure. The annual sales cost ratio has been reduced, and profitability has recovered.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: industry landscape, company initiative to invest in wide-ranging Fara’s branding, city 3, Ely’s share: full revenue up,
The performance rate accelerates. Despite short-term pressure, long-term profitability is opened up, with a slight increase in structure and cost, with year-round performance expected.