The new business layout + changes in the external environment have led to a modest growth in the performance of the main battalion, which is still in the configuration phase.
Growing profitability has supported steady growth in corporate performance; new business is still being consolidated, three acquisitions have been made, one for the commercialization of raw materials in the United States, the other for the commercialization of raw materials in the United Kingdom, the animal-breeding and breeding company Ankyubo, which we believe to be large.
To expand the business chain and integrate the confidence to build an industry-wide platform, the forward investment of new business is essential to the firm’s long-term sound development. External environmental impacts are high, non-recurring losses rise significantly, and multiple factors lead to profit margins.
Momentum. Clinical R & D and overseas operations have experienced a significant decline in profitability, which has reduced the overall profitability of the company. Non-recurring gains and losses are mainly due to other non-recurring gains \trianglerights.
Risk factors: Increased industry competition, loss of core skilled personnel, decline in or out of pharmaceutical research and development
The risk is a decline in the net rate and the pace of the new business is not as high as expected.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of the South, two years of experience in securities practice.
He is responsible for research in the pharmaceutical consumption and raw materials industry, and he is a member of the team, the undergraduate and master's degree in biomedical engineering at Shanghai Transport University, and joined the Sinda Securities in April 2022, which is responsible for medical equipment and the components of the Chinese medicine plate, which have no connection, no relation, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.