Conlon became a report (300759.sz) with an assessment of the continuous layout and refinement of the integration platform, with prospects for a sustained high income-end growth and a multi-factorial profit-end growth. 2022h1, company income growth
Strong, of which q2 achieved income of $2,532 million (yoy+41.0 per cent), continuing the high growth of q1. The profit-side phase of the Division ' s q2 factor was: 1) affected by epidemic containment, limited operations in some parts of the country, and the Department actively arranged multi-entity collaboration and reduced negative impacts; 2) inflation in Europe and the United States led to increased operating costs.
Laboratory services: the basestone business maintains a strong growth and the revenue structure continues to be optimized. 2022h1, the company's experimental room service income was $2.86 billion (Yoy+4.1 per cent) and the Māori rate was 43.69 per cent (+1.71 pct); of this, gross.
During the year, the company was involved in 576 drug research and development projects, 52 of which were declared for domestic enterprises in the Ind and Nda projects, 48 of which were simultaneously declared in many countries. To match business needs, the company expanded its laboratory services to 8492 employees (Yoy+38.7%); and continued to work on the second phase of the Ningbo 1 campus, 42000m2, which acquired Beijing Ann.
Keiyobo has a 100% stake in further strengthening quality control of experimental animals and optimizing the experimental animal supply system.
Accelerating growth, with a 35.0 per cent growth rate of q2 over q1 ring, accompanied by an q2 over-grading of capacity, a 7.7-36.2 per cent increase in the q2 over q1 Māori heart rate, with the company providing cdmo for 714 drug molecules or intermediates in the first half of the year.
The company actively expanded the number of cmc employees to 3601 (Yoy+66.7%) and acquired two cgmp raw materials production bases in the United Kingdom and the United States that offer commercialization from mid-test to tonnage.
Clinical cro: 22h1, with revenue of $585 million (yoy+38.3%), with synergies and branding effects from the integration of domestic plates.
Conlong's ability to make a profit (300759.sz) has increased significantly, and after that, it has become apparent that revenues have increased by 68.4%, and the Māori rate is 5.1%, mainly due to the early expansion of the Quick Team.
Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating. In a context of strong demand, companies continue to build and refine a fully integrated process, integration, an internationally integrated drug research and development service platform, release capacity, extended acquisition of quality targets, integration of operations, increased synergies and scalability of operations, and a sustained increase in profitability.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants acquire the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and to charge services directly or indirectly.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and objectivity.