Performance meets expectations, multi-sector, process-wide, integrated platform sustained growth event: the company released its semi-annual report for 2022. The company achieved income of $4.635 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 16.50 per cent in the same year; adjusted non-ifrs net profit of 812 million yuan in the same year, a trend of higher growth in the epidemic's income. Multifactors cause short-term fluctuations in profits. 2022q2 companies achieved 2,532 million yuan in revenue (compared to 40.95 per cent in the same year), and companies increased their operations during the epidemic.
Collaborative efforts to reduce the impact of the epidemic. During the reporting period, increases in the cost of a company’s realization of Māori resulted in short-term profit fluctuations; in the cost rate, the company’s current cost rate (+2.07 pp), and significant losses on mergers and acquisitions, interest charges and exchange rates of several companies during the reporting period.
In the laboratory services sector, companies earn 2.860 billion yuan, compared to +41.10 per cent, Māori 43.69 per cent, and biology.
In addition, 2022h1 was involved in 576 drug discovery projects, 52 in-country ind/nda projects, 48 multi-country simultaneously declared projects, with a further increase in service capacity from the centre and the outside; cmc clothing
At the same time, revenues of $1,085 million were realized, compared to +42.29 per cent, Māori rate of 33.16 per cent. A total of 714 drug molecules or intermediates were served (500 preclinical, 182 clinical i-ii, 22 iii, 10 process validation and commercialization), and the cdmo transition was successfully upgraded.
With regard to clinical research services, the current revenue of $585 million, compared to +38.29 per cent, Māori 5.11 per cent and over-input of personnel influence Māori performance, but brand names and synergies are gradually emerging, driving domestic income growth in the clinical sector to 68.35 per cent; big molecules and cells and genes
In terms of treatment, 95 million yuan was realized in the current period, i.e. +33.22 per cent, Māori rate - 19.82 per cent, high input in the new business development phase and higher costs due to inflation overseas
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, where technology, talent, productive capacity are promoted simultaneously, multidisciplinary, processive, integrated cdmöping.
At the technical level, the company focuses on high flux chemical reaction screening platforms and bio-enzyme catalytic and fluid chemistry, with 15,820 R & D, production techniques and clinical staff, or 89.63% of the total. At the production level, the company is strong.
Construction inputs are carried out in all operational sectors: with regard to laboratory services, the first part (12wm2) of the second phase of the Ningpo 1 campus has been put into use continuously in 2021q1, the second part (4.2wm2) has been installed internally and partially operational, and the third phase of the park is under way.
(14wm2) expected to be operational in 2024h1, the Xian Park (10.5wm2) expected to be operational in 2024, while the company acquired Ankayubo to sustain animal supply; cmc, phase I of Shaochen Plant (200m3) was operational in early 2022, which was already in operation in early 2022.
The remaining 400m3 will be put into use on a continuous basis in 2022h2 and increased gmp capacity through the acquisition of the British Cramlington plant and the United States Coventry plant; large molecules and small genetic treatments will be available in 2023 for the second phase (7wm2) of the Ningpo Park, which will be launched in 2023.
\triangleright Risk factors: increased competition in industry, loss of core skilled personnel, decline in or out of pharmaceutical research and development
\triangleright drops, new business is not as fast as expected, among other risks. \Steaming, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, worked clinical coro with ppcca and paraexel, joining Sunda in 2021
Mr. Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
U-Hin, a member of the team, Shanghai University of Transport, undergraduate and master ' s degree in biomedical engineering, joined the Sinda Portfolio in April 2022 for research on medical appliances and Chinese tablets, Zhao Shug-Sun, a member of the team, Bachelor ' s degree in biotechnology, Shanghai University of Transport, Master ' s degree in information management, Carnegie Melon University, two years of experience in securities practice.
In 2022, I joined the Sinda Securities Corporation, which is responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.