The company is China's leading Internet and cellular security product and service provider, with a high level of domestic leadership.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a total operating income of RMB 5,925 million, roughly the same period as last year, and is expected to remain stable in the future. The overall advertising market has performed poorly as a result of macroeconomic influence. The company's Internet advertising business has also been affected, with overall revenues.
Corporate advertising revenues have changed structurally, with traditional displays and search advertisements declining, while ads at the pc end and mobile end have grown strongly and have increased their share of income. Companies have also launched innovative marketing platforms to help advertisers more precisely to advertise. We expect corporate advertising to remain stable in the future.
Corporate security is now on the ground, and the future is looking forward to. Companies view corporate security as an important strategic direction and business growth point for the future. 360 technology advantages are prominent, especially in terms of big data security, with the largest white hat regiment in the eastern hemisphere, focusing on threat-driven, security-driven and defensive capabilities.
The focus of corporate governance and business development is to catch the big list, and the company first takes over the government or the city's purse and delivers it to the hundreds of millions of people who have already landed. It is expected that there will be a big announcement in the future.
Moreover, the company issues a sequence of business, making it the only pc-end micro-programme ecological platform. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net profits for 2019-2021 to be 39, 2019-2021, respectively.
The source of financial prosperity in the East 3600 (601360): a steady increase in performance, a steady decline in political activity, and a boom in financial intelligence in the East.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports 3600 (601360): Increases in steady performance and the gradual decline of political and economic activity.
To create ideas of value for research, an analysis of his own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies