On October 22, 2024, China News released its 2024 tri-quarter: three years before 2024.
Quarterly operating revenues of 90.45 billion yuan, an increase of 0.73 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to listed company shareholders, $7.906 billion, an increase of 0.83 per cent over the same year; corporate performance in the third quarter of the same quarter has fallen slightly over the same year.
In terms of wireless products, the company’s share in the domestic market has been stable overall, with indoor distribution, high railways, subways, etc.
The local market share has increased, while the 5g-a innovation, application and practice has been actively deployed, winning China's mobile low-track pilot star regenerative project; and the international market, achieving a gap break in the metropolitan regions of Cameroon, Côte d'Ivoire, and other sub-national capitals.
On the one hand, domestic oligarchic patterns are maintained, while international companies achieve key breakthroughs in Thailand and increase their share in the multi-country branch of Greater T-Africa. On cable products, companies maintain a global lead in fixed products, and in Italy, Indonesia, Brazil, etc.
The country continues to break through, raising its share of the market. Corporate light transfers, domestic markets complete the world’s first 400g all-provincial backbone network on a commercial scale, and international markets break through mainstream operators in countries like Earth, Nigeria, and so on.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is the global leading provider of integrated information and communication technology (ICT) solutions.
The competitiveness of the heart continues to improve, while firms accelerate the expansion of the second curve in products such as numeracy, mobile phones, based on the “digital economy road builders”, and continue to work on the “Connectation plus Arithmetic plus Capability + Biannual Review Report” 2024.08.21
Intellectually, the company's continued high R & D investment is a less than anticipated process of development for the company's market competitiveness in the midst of a wave of wisdom; 5g-a less advanced than expected; exchange rate risk; trade \triangleright
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.