Based on communications, layout computing + mobile phone business performance of 24q3 met expectations and profitability remained stable.hepc@cfsc.com.cn
At the December 18th volcano engine conference, the byte beats the official release of the dollar/thousandtoken super low price significantly lower the cost of the ai service than the industry price.
The big bean bun model has a precise visual recognition and reasoning capability that handles complex tasks like image analysis, logical calculations, and supports multi-model input to help the enterprise upgrade the ai. The large bean bun model is available on a daily average within seven months.
Tokens use more than 4 trillion dollars, an increase of more than 33 times. In addition, the bean bag has introduced a brand-new image-generation model that allows for accurate Chinese text generation, which makes it more efficient to create.
In the future, the big bean bun model is expected to enable the cell phone, pushing the one-phone penetration to accelerate. The new product will support the combination of voice, image, text, etc., and allow users to interact more efficiently with the Tasks Branch.
At the same time, the visual reasoning of the bean bag can help users quickly analyse pictures and video content and provide more accurate information and services. The leading global provider of communication information solutions, layout + numeracy
The mobile business builds a new growth curve. The company is the leading global provider of integrated communications information solutions, covering more than 160 countries and territories, serving more than one quarter of the world ' s population, committed to passing through it.
Innovative technologies and end-to-end solutions promote global communication, numeracy, terminal, etc.
Cable, arithmetic and energy solutions to build intelligent and secure networks; comprehensive information solutions based on enterprise networks, servers, storage and digitalization in business; and smart hands in consumer business
In the area of arithmetic, communication is active in the deployment of smart infrastructure and platform technology, working to become a "digital economy roadbuilder." The company has launched a framework that supports "one core"
In addition, the company has a leading, successful, multi-operator procurement project in the telecommunications server market.
At the operational level, the China-China communications drive a state-driven wisdom eco 3.0 and the resulting China-China mobile phone is focused on the market for companies and operators, the Nubia-based mobile phone is focused on images and the global layout, and the Red-Mother mobile phone has made remarkable achievements in the field of electric competition.
To lead the global market for electricity and mobile phones. Looking ahead, companies will continue to deepen their “connectivity plus arithmetic” strategy, promoting technological development such as 5g-a, luminous networks, smart-measured infrastructure, and enhancing core competitiveness for sustainable development.
The lead internal communications information programme solver, actively expanding cellular and numeracy operations, is expected to benefit from the fast-growing trend of the ai, covering for the first time, giving “buy-in” investment operators lower capital expenditure; the arithmetic business is not progressing as expected; mobile phone operations are moving forward
Mao Jianxian: Master of Arts in Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor manufacturer advanced programming project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.