Communications in China (000063.sz) is rich in the ecology of smart products, and international markets are growing faster. 22 October 2024 performance remained robust, foreign markets maintained double-digit growth and “buy-in” ratings maintained
In the third quarter of 2024, the company issued its third-quarter report, which generated 90.45 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2024, i.e. 0.73 per cent of the year, 7,906 million yuan in the net return to the mother, i.e. 0.883 per cent of the year, and 6,898 million yuan in the net return to the mother, i.e. 1,935 million yuan in the net return to the mother.
Rapid growth, the international market for operators continues to break through the big countries, and double-digit growth is maintained. In the face of the environmental impact of investment, facilities continue to be built, and we view the long-term development of operators and business enterprises as maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
According to telecommunications advisory bodies, the company’s 5g base station, the 5g core network have the second largest global market share for solid-grid products, ran products, the 5g core network, 5g light transmissions are rated by industry leaders.
In the area of long-range light transmission, the company introduced a 800g otn plug-in programme to achieve 2,000 km transmission distance and released a new generation of smart light access products based on 50 gpon technology. In the area of computing, the company offered a full-scale scenario solution, launching "One Machine."
In the terminal area, implement the aiforall concept, with a multiplicity of mobile phones with the ai function, and speed up nubia branding. • Maintain product research and development investments, and seize the opportunity for arithmetic and credit creation to grow
In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved R & D costs of $18.64 billion and R & D costs of 20.7 per cent, with powerful bottom-level enabling products, self-researching large capacity for chip exchange, core technology and arithmetic in the super-million-carat cluster.
Research on forward-looking technologies, such as long-distance interconnections, intellectual distribution of reasoned tasks, and the launch of a self-research chip with a 2*200g net card to strengthen industry moats.