q3 Performance Under pressure to deepen the layout "Continence + Arithmetic" contribution of \triangleright \triangleright 22/10/2024
Operators are under pressure, and government and consumer operations are growing rapidly. \triangleright sub-operations, in the last three quarters, three major operators experienced a decline in capital expenditure (24h1 total capital expenditure per year).
In the context of the corporate domestic operator network, which is constrained by the overall environmental impact of the investment, the international market continues to outpace large countries and sustain double-digit growth; both consumer operations and government businesses are growing rapidly; and the Māori ratio is particularly effective as a result of declining income structures.
The Māori rate of 24q3 is 40.4 per cent, a decrease of 4.3 pct over the same period, and we judge that the main reason is a decline in the Māori rate for the operator ' s business as a percentage of business income, while the Māori rate for the business is relatively high.
The research assistant, Fan Woo, highlights the financial costs of $212 million, mainly due to exchange losses due to exchange rate fluctuations in the current period. Deepening the layout, “connectivity + arithmetic,” helps the one bet.
The company spent $18.640 billion on R&D in the first three quarters of the year, accounting for 20.7% of operating income, promoting technological innovations such as 5g-a, all-light network, and all-round intelligence calculations. In the area of connectivity, it kept ahead of key products in the wireless and cable markets.
According to the latest data from the telecommunications advisory bodies, the company’s 5g base station, the 5g core network, has the second largest global shipment, the market share of sequestered products is the second largest, the ran products, the 5g core network, and the 5g light transmission are rated by industry leaders. In the low-altitude field, more than 80 pilot sites in 25 provinces and cities have tested the multiplicity of 5g-a senses.
View application. Arithmetic area, with the introduction of an “one core” open architecture ai server, compatible with mainstream gpu, rating: q1 performance growth robustly, accelerated towards “connectivity + arithmetic” and web-based, self-researched chip-based, 2*200g netcards; self-researching large series of nebula models and developing large models
Extension 2024/04/28 Effectively leads to improved R & D efficiency, with large communication models in anti-fraud, reinsurance, new calls, experience security, etc.
In the end area, three-quarterly companies publish a fully upgraded ai-intelligent test.
4. Communications in China (000063.sz) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2023 The flagship video ship nubiaz60ultra and the ai+ satellite cell phone nubiaz60spro continue to advance brand strategy; cloud terminal products yield the highest volume of goods in the domestic cloud terminal market.
Investment recommendations: Company linkages highlight business resilience, and full-scale deployment of arithmetic is expected to stimulate company growth Assessment: withholding non-net interest rates over-expected, continuous enhancement of arithmetic research and development investments Research findings on methodology and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.