Sinjiyama Evidence, Central Communications (000063.sz)
q3 performance has fallen in the same circle, with the operator capex running short-term pressure. On the one hand, as domestic carriers have reduced the intensity of their 5g investment and the foreign operators have temporarily passed their 5g investment peak, companies need to strengthen the two engines of “connectivity plus arithmetic” in order to consolidate short-term performance. On the other hand, the q3 Māori ratio is 40.4%.
The change in the revenue structure of the government and enterprises has a certain impact on profitability. For the cost rate, the public base data: The cost ratio for the period q3 of 30 September 2024 increased slightly, with the sales/management/research and development rates respectively.
Ideas are expected to continue working. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The company defines intelligence as the long-term strategic main course, providing a global scenario solution. Based on the advantages of channels and a profound understanding of business in the operator market, the company has become a domestic telecommunications server, Gowoo-Yan.
According to the telecommunications industry network, on 30 May 2024, China’s communications were ranked highest on the domestic telecommunications server market at 23.03%. In the latest bid for China’s telecommunications server (2024-2025), four banners were included, including the gpu server (a series) and the c86 server (g).
In terms of political intelligence, companies study the big nebula models and actively explore model applications such as industry, automobiles, steel, water, urban lifelines, etc. It also creates the advantage of differentiated systems through self-research chips, which generate 2*200g web cards and drive olink up high.
Speed bus interconnection standards and self-researching large capacity exchange chips, researching forward-looking technologies such as super-macca clustering, arithmetic prowess, intelligence, dci, reasoning task distribution, etc.
Foresight 2025:5g-a senses brings new opportunities, i-phones, and smart-networked cars with new long spots. Connectivity is one of the most imaginative applications of space and differential values at 5g-a-based stations, promising deep-energy low-altitude economies, drones, smart cities, and road alliances.
More than 80 pilots in 25 provinces and cities, including Kyoto, Nanjing, Shenzhen, have tested 5g-a senses applications for logistics distribution and low-altitude safety scenarios. In the case of one cellular phone, China has released a full-scale upgraded image of the ai albino, the flagship Nubiaz60ultra lead and the ai+ satellite phone Nubiaz60spro, and has launched an inclusive 5g.
Car electronics companies have a lot of “core” power, combined garages have released the self-researched high-performance central computing unit soc chip “m1” and signed more with China.
The residual integration chip, Red Flag 1, achieves the first production of a national production-based dual-nuclear 4g module. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment recommendations: we believe that the company is well run, market winds are improving, valuation systems are expected to be rebuilt, and it is recommended that attention be paid to events such as 5g-a, ai mobile phones, self-research chips, etc., to catalyze and self-reflection.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or trust in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.