High-end Equipment and New Materials Research Center Xu Engineering Machine (000425.sz) buys (first rating)
Xu is the lead nation in engineering and machinery, leading the wheels of heavy machinery, with a large product structure. The combined income from the main cranes, accessories, shovels, and stump machines is 77%, with the largest share of many products in the country. The company is the head of the domestic crane, which accounts for 36% of the company’s revenue and 45% of the Maori.
In 2018, 46 per cent of the country’s automobile crane sales were registered. The number of cars listed has been 9 per cent since then.
Lower-stream infrastructure is dominated, capital investment in 2019 has picked up, and local government debt has increased. Xu’s vehicle crane sales have long been above 50% in the domestic market, declining in the last three years, and Xu, Trinity, and China combined account for more than 90% of the market share.
The mix-up programme has been approved by the Xu State State National Finance Committee, the excavators are expected to inject, and the profitability is expected to increase. The excavator business is expected to inject into the public sector: a second increase in the volume of excavators is projected for 2019-2021, with 39 per cent higher than the industry. In 2018, the excavator camp collected more than 10 billion dollars, with a reasonable net profit of 1 billion.
In terms of profitability, there is scope for a more flexible system, three-and-a-half, with a greater future. Globalization: building on the development path of the overseas poles, firmly anchoring the internationalization of the development path, the global crane, Liberhare, and the engineering and engineering poles, Caterpillar, Xiaosum, etc.
Xu's global market, which in 2018 accounted for 13% of the total. The “one-way” into the harvest period, Xu's value-for-goods ratio in the overseas market, and the system of post-sales services has gradually improved, increasing brand visibility.
Corporate financial analysis: collection performance fluctuated over the cycle, with 16.7 per cent of revenue in 2018 remaining in repair space compared to the previous round in 2011; sales policy tightened, exposure to exposure to external risks, and cash-based blood function restored to Wang Huajun
Quick. Receivables’ turnover has increased rapidly, operations have improved, and future cash flows will continue to improve.
Real estate capital investments are lower than expected, and there is a risk of a drop in sales in some of the product industries. Autocar cranes: car cranes are at a peak for replacement. By 10 years of life, 2019 - the market is worried about a drop in sales in the car cranes and excavators industry, with a fall in the corporate market and a lack of growth rate.
Industry, to suppress companies from rising valuations. (1) We believe that the resilience of this cycle of excavators and car cranes will be significantly better than that of the previous cycle, and that the relative rationality ahead of the current cycle suggests that industry sales data may be relatively smooth over the next 2-3 years.
(2) The company’s stock of excavators has increased further, and sales of large excavators have increased at a faster rate than the overall rate, which has contributed significantly to the profitability of the boosters’ plates. (3) Corporate globalization will open up future development space and mitigate cyclical fluctuations.
Reference valuation: 16 times the average of the world ' s leading engineering machines in 2018. 13 times the size of the giant Caterpillarpe in 2018, and 10 times the size of Japan ' s Pine in 2018. 10 times the average of Carter Pellell in 2020, and Pixar in Japan.
Industry and machinery averaged 10 times in 2020. Corporate performance was higher than expected, shifts to the ground, capital injections from excavators, easing macro-policies such as interest reduction, and investment in real estate infrastructure were higher than expected.
Real estate capital investments were lower than expected and some of the product industries were at risk of falling sales.1 The company led the engineering and machinery industry, the car cranes led, and many of the products were first in the domestic market, the top three in China’s engineering and machinery industry: 74 years since its establishment, Xu has become a national worker.
One of the most diverse and varied companies in the manufacturers of process machinery is one of the most varied and comprehensive companies. The company produces a large variety of products.
The company's share of domestic sales in 2018 was the highest at 46/60/41 per cent.2 Automobile cranes: 72 per cent of engineering cranes, 91 per cent of historical highs in 2018, and more than 70 per cent of engineering cranes.
Engineering cranes refer mainly to mobile cranes, including car cranes, full-road cranes, tracked cranes, and vehicle cranes. In the first half of 2019, car cranes accounted for 72% of the total sales, and car cranes accounted for 24% of the total sales.
According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, the sale of automobile cranes in 2010 - 2011 was the highest ever, with more than 35,000 sales per year, followed by a five-year contraction of sales, which began to rebound in mid-2016. In 2018, the domestic sale of car cranes reached 3.23 million.
In the first half of 2019, the total volume of domestic car cranes increased by 50 per cent. In June 2019, the monthly volume of vehicle cranes dropped by 4.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that it was because of the low season of sales on the one hand, and because of some manufacturers in the first quarter of 2019 on the other.
Promotional stimulus pre-escalates demand. Chart 8: Demand drivers for engineering machinery: investment pull, demand replacement, environmental upgrading, export-led 3.1, new demand: downstream capital growth-led retention
▪ The downstream application of the vehicle crane is based on capital construction: overall, the engineering cranes are used primarily in the construction of infrastructure facilities, mainly roads, railways, chemicals, water, fire power, wind power, and nuclear power works.
Roads, water, electricity, chemicals, etc.; tracked cranes and large-ton vehicle cranes downstream, including electricity, new energy sources, subways, and large-scale petrochemical installations.  Capital growth picked up slightly, local government debt increased significantly.
In order to strengthen counter-cyclical regulation, it is proposed to arrange local government bonds of $2.15 trillion in 2019, an increase of $800 billion over the previous year, and special debt issues of about $11.9 million in the first half of the year.
According to an analysis by the country’s gold collection team, optimism is expected to increase the rate of investment in infrastructure by 3.4 pct for the year as well as in transport and water and electricity. State policy dominates transport.
In terms of transport and energy supply investments, in the area of vehicle crane applications, in January-June 2019, the number of hours that the railway fixed and the start-up and recovery period for the car crane was reduced. The number of hours that the engine opened began to fall in the second quarter of the year.
The high turnover of vehicle cranes during the first quarter of the year, the sharp increase in holdings, which led to a drop in the volume of single-stage vehicles, as well as a decline in monthly sales during the month of June, the number of hours we think will rise steadily after the smoothing of the holdings.
Environmental updates: Automobile cranes are road-mobile machines with stricter environmental standards, stocks of equipment are completely destroyed. According to an announcement issued by the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Protection on the publication of the National Pollutant Emission Standards for Heavy Diesel Vehicles Pollutant Emission Limits and Measurement Methods (phase VI of China), heavy firewood is used.
The oil tankers began to implement “State VI” on 1 July 2021, accounting for 36 per cent of the stock of the current “State III” cranes by a 10-year life update. The 18 provinces and municipalities are now implementing the “State VI” emission standards for heavy diesel vehicles earlier than July 2019 (Hin Shenzhen City had already implemented the “State VI” emission standards in 201811).
According to IAEM data, at the end of 2018, there were approximately 224,000 vehicle cranes in the country. For car cranes, downstream applications are basically based.
In the construction area, capital investment in fixed assets is growing at a rate that is highly relevant to vehicle crane holdings. Without consideration of the start-up hour disturbance, it is largely possible to judge that equipment holdings need to grow by the same amount to meet the corresponding increase in workload.
4. Competition patterns: Xu's share of the global market is the highest, with 40% of the domestic share.  Xu's share of China's sales in January-April 2019 was about 40%, and the share of China's sales was 28%, 3125%. Xu's, China Federation and Trinity's car cranes accounted for nearly 90% of the total. Xu's share of the market is long-term.
Since then, the share of domestic sales has been more than 50%, and in the last three years the share of the city has declined. In 2018, Xu's ability to produce was limited, while China's rivals accelerated market expansion, Xu's share of the market, and there were different mobile crane applications, both within and outside the country, and overseas brands did not compete significantly in the country.
The sale of zero-30t in the domestic car crane market has increased slightly since 2017 by nearly 90%, with three leading domestic firms producing 20-30t in January-April 2019 producing the largest proportion, close to 70%. And mature markets such as Europe and America abroad use larger tonnages as a whole.
The surface crane, for example, produces a minimum of 35t tons of cranes in Liberthall. As a result, foreign brands are very low in the domestic market.
In Germany, Liberthall’s sales account for more than a quarter of the world’s market share, with Xu’s second and Chinese Federation and Trinity ranked fifth and seventh in the world, respectively. The build-up of cranes contributed half of the company’s profits, led the company’s performance to rebound, and net interest rates remained low in 2017.
The Department currently occupies 40% of the domestic market, the company’s sales in January-April 2019 grew at a slower rate than the industry, and we judge that the company’s car crane market will be maintained or slightly reduced. The competitor is low.
The competition strategy for price and aggressive marketing policies is only short-term, and in the long run the market will choose a company with a high value for product, a company with a high value for value, Xu, who has been working for years in this field, and a high residual rate of second-hand equipment. The caskets and cranes with vehicles have been rising steadily.
ii. Merger: To invigorate the company, high-quality assets are expected to be injected, profitability is expected to increase, stockholders Xu Xu's limited mix-up programme approved by the National Finance Committee was approved, and substantial progress is expected to be made in the course of the year, bringing about the potential for business management efficiency
Releases. On July 26, the company issued an announcement that Xu Engineering and Mechanics Ltd., a controlling shareholder of the company, had been approved by the Xuzhou City State Finance Committee for the pilot implementation of the hybrid ownership reform. We expect the company to complete its transformation in 2019.
Action Two Hundred focuses on improving corporate governance, improving market-based business mechanisms, promoting equity diversification and mixed ownership reforms, and improving incentives and binding mechanisms. On this basis, we assume that this mix will introduce strategic investors with state-owned capital to increase equity diversification and implementation.
The company was listed in 1996, and the assets were reorganized in 2009, forming the parent-listed company-mechanical plant governance framework.
The main operation of the six major engineering machinery hosts, core parts, equity investments, and financial services. The main operation of the listed company can now be divided broadly into the core three main mainframes (heavy machinery, road machinery, shoveling machinery), pillar machinery, fire-fighting machinery, sanitation machinery plates and core parts plates.
There are also high-quality assets such as excavators, mining machines, and tower cranes at the limited level of controlling shareholders.
The shares of the national engineering and machinery companies listed in the country are effectively controlled by local state funds management agencies, 16 per cent by the State-owned institutions of the Central and Central United Group, 3-to-one workers of natural persons and zero-man suppliers, who perform even better in terms of per capita profitability and net asset yields.
In terms of equity incentives, the top-level incentives for triple-time workers are adequate. According to the 2018 annual report, the senior-level holdings for the tri- and mid-sized WCHCs were 1.3% and 0.57% respectively (the ratio for triple-time workers does not include the actual controlling person’s shares), far more than for other mainframes.
Medium- and long-term incentives have been instrumental in binding groups such as executives, scientists and technical cadres, stimulating workforce activity and laying the foundations for long-term growth.3 Profitability: a more flexible system of triads and centrifuges, with greater scope for future upgrading
In order to eliminate the impact of the differences in the Māori rates of different products, the ratio of Māori to the three companies ' lifting machines is lower than the ratio of Trinity and Central Union, and there is still room for improvement in the control of production costs. The private sector has a flexible system, which reduced the cost of triple-time workers in 2012-2016 through layoffs, and the number of employees in 2016 is not the same.
At a peak of one third, the equivalent of three-time workers with a significant lead in output and per capita profitability.4 Quality assets: the excavator business has grown significantly and the city has reached the second domestic demand driver for excavators: demand + export demand + export demand + replacement demand + environmental imperatives, such as downstream infrastructure
In contrast to the car crane, the downstream application of the excavator is more extensive, with real estate (mainly medium- and small-scale) and mines (mainly large-scale) in addition to basic construction. In addition, the application expansion also provides a new demand, the replacement of small digs for manual labour, and the proximity to it.
Major developments in rural infrastructure over the years have supported the continued upswing of small excavators; and excavators can replace some of the loading machines, which in 2018 sold only 44 per cent of the peak of the previous cycle in 2011, partly as a result of the replacement of excavators.
Figure 30 Digger demand drivers: demand for downstream infrastructure properties + export demand + replacement demand + environmental requirements + application scenario expansion New demand (domestic): capital, real estate, mining, manufacturing, rural demand New demand (foreign): significant export growth, replacement of foreign brands for national product brands
Replacement requirements (old machine phase-out): usually excavators have a useful life of 6-10 years and need to be phased out after 6-10 years. Measuring the replacement of old machines accounts for more than 50% of the demand. Replacement needs (environmental upgrading): environmental requirements are raised, low-emission standards excavators are forced out of the market. Application development: manual replacement of excavators and replacement of loaders, etc.
According to data from the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, by the end of 2017, China ' s hydraulic excavators had a stock of 1557,000 to 166,000. In 2018, China ' s sales of 200,000 excavators increased by 45 per cent in the same year, with a record high sales volume of 150,000 in January-July 2019, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year.
Forecast model 1: “Special-purpose debt” policy foundation, projected to increase the sales of excavators in 2019, for project capital policy foundation construction, strong policy “reverse-cycle” willingness, capital investment return, projection model 2: We take down 1.56 million of the bottom limit of the company's projected stock of excavators in 2017, and we'll dig.
The volume of excavators is projected in both inward and export segments. The core assumption is (1) to forecast the increase in holdings (i.e., the overall social workload of excavators) based on the increase in investment in real estate and capital based on two of the largest applications downstream of excavators (for the elimination of price factors, the selection of new construction areas for real estate).
Ten-year life expectancy, due to the fact that excavators are non-road machines and environmental replacement constraints are relatively low, year n updates = 0.3 plus sales for years n-11*, 0.3 plus sales for years n-10*, 0.4 plus sales for years n-9*, 0.3.
Second company, 12.8 per cent of Shandong's workforce in January-July 2019 has surpassed Caterpillar to third place. In 2015-2018, the company's share of excavators rose from 7.3 per cent to 11.5 per cent.   Xu's sales of 4960 excavators in July 2019, a significant increase of 55 per cent over the same period (the industry grew faster).
11 per cent: 21,000 sales in January-July 2019, a 39 per cent increase in the same year (14 per cent increase in industry).  In terms of product structure, the rapid rate of increase in excavator operations contributed to higher profitability: 2019, owing to the high rate of large digs, a higher rate of increase in large excavators is expected to increase the company's excavations.
4.3. Harvesting and performance: In 2018, more than $10 billion was collected on the excavator plate, with a reasonable net profit of about $1 billion                                                                               16.5% net profit in 2018
In terms of net profits, it is possible to further manage the cost and achieve a profit margin by blending them.
Liberhael: The global crane leader, technological independence, and the capture of overseas markets
In 2018, the share of corporate cranes in global markets was around $3.4 billion (including mobile cranes and tower cranes), the world's first market share was about $3.4 billion, and Xu's cranes were ranked second in terms of revenues of about $2.7 billion (listed companies generated about $15.7 billion in 2018).
• The company has mastered the technology, thanks to the seriousness with which the Germans attach great importance to technology and the huge amount of money invested in it.
Each of the key technologies in the arts and crafts allows companies to become technologically independent.) Early in their existence, companies adopted the idea of overseas expansion that developed both abroad and in the domestic market, starting in 1958 with the opening of factories in Europe, North America, South America and Asia, in 1995.
To enter China, the share of off-shore income is now more than 50%.) Liberhael is a 100% family business with fragmented internal organizational structures, and the company maintains a high degree of freedom in decision-making.
The momentum can be maintained more smoothly. 2, Carter and Matsuma: the international engine of engineering, the cyclical confrontation of globalization — the United States Caterpillar globalization: from 1925 to 1949 based on local markets and built life throughout the country.
Production bases, which expanded the markets of developed countries in 1949-1980, and have moved into emerging markets since 1980 to form joint ventures and production bases. The expansion has escalated from direct exports, the establishment of overseas marketing offices, the formation of joint ventures to the construction of offshore production bases.
At that time, Caterpillar was committed to finding new growth points: development of complementary value-added services, promotion of China’s strategy, emphasis on quality enhancement, and cost reduction.
In times of crisis, Caterpillar's performance has been enhanced through business expansion in overseas markets, helping him to get out of the valley quickly. Caterpillar's domestic market situation is similar to that of our engineering and mechanics, and the Caterpillar model is of great value to Chinese firms.
The first three heavy jobs are positive practitioners of this model. Figure 44: The ratio of overseas revenues at the time of the fall in domestic construction spending in the United States in 2008
China’s strategy, Japan’s mini-sone layout, has been effective in reducing risks in several markets. Matsuma’s internationalization was very high, with a high 85% share of its revenue outside the Japanese market in 2018. Prior to the 2008 financial crisis, Matsuma’s share was high.
Then, with successive warmings in Japanese, American, Asian markets, the Uttar Pradesh off-shore market grew to 85% in 2018, with the US rising after 2008 to now 37%. Peng’s internationalization strategy effectively hedged some of the country’s cities.
Figure 45: Internationalization of Matsuma since the 1950s
The company owns a global marketing network and is one of the largest exporters of engineering machinery in the country. It has the first market share for many products, such as automobile cranes, ballasts, flats, etc. The controlling shareholder, Xu Industries Group, ranks 6th in the global market share.
In the top 50 rankings of global manufacturers of engineering and machinery, led by the State khl group, the company holding stock group achieved $8.9 billion in revenue in 2018 (approximately $61 billion) and a market share of 4.8 per cent in the global market.
“Go Out” strategy: Companies export 183 countries and territories, with automobile cranes, cranes, loaders, rollers, flats, standers, and six major products in the first place in the industry. Companies have a strong internationalization outreach capability, with companies having 130 overseas as of 2018.
Brokers, 40 offices, more than 140 service spare parts centres, establishment of molecular companies in key countries such as Brazil, Russia, India, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, the United States of America, direct operations and further consolidation of the international market marketing service system.
RMB, representing 13.3 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 78 per cent in the same year, and exports from Europe and Central Asia, respectively, an increase of 89 per cent and 74 per cent in the same year.
A unique internationalization path has developed an internationalized development model of export trade, overseas greenfield construction, cross-border M & As and global R & D that provides global clients with a full range of products, marketing services, full value chain services, and holistic solutions.
Q. The global layout of EEMI’s international giants, with earlier channel advantages and customer stickyness, has been set up in “one-way” countries to avoid competition with overseas elites, which now account for about 60 per cent of overseas income.
The global market is large, and Xu's overseas growth is still in progress. The global engineering and machinery market is large, with global sales of non-road engineering and machinery reaching $11 billion in 2018. According to listed companies, Caterpillar/Xiaobing collected $23.2 billion ($22.2 billion) in 2018.
In 2018, Xu's overseas revenues were less than $900 million, Xu's overseas revenues were about $2 billion, and there are still global markets.
IV. FINANCIAL ANALYSIS: There is room for restoration of profit margins, release of off-the-shelf risks, improvement in cash flow, 1 higher volatility in revenue and performance cycles, and room for repair of Maori rates Analysis of profitability: The main reason for the company ' s continued decline in Maori rates since 2014 is the industry on the one hand
The overall decline, reduced demand, and higher costs of raw materials and labour, on the other hand, is due to the company’s own historical legacy of second-phone sales, which have been low. Corporate management and sales rates have declined significantly since 2015, and net interest rates have rebounded.
Based on cost analysis, the company ' s Māori ratio is still available for repair: 1) raw materials, mainly supported by steel, electric power, diesel, hydraulics, control appliances, turnovers, etc., and reduced raw material cost pressure due to the basic clean-up of historical problems. 2) Xu's labour costs, etc.
The number is relatively rigid, with labour costs relatively high at the low end of the 2015 cycle, which will be further reduced in the future with the construction of smart chemical plants.2 Sales policies are tightened, and exposure to external risks will be addressed
Companies have continued to tighten their sales policies in recent years, strengthening wind management. Companies provide full payments, instalments, mortgage loans and financial leases in four forms. In 2018, companies received 5.06 per cent and 13.09 per cent of their annual payments through mortgages and financial leases, respectively, with the first instalments.
For example, at 40%, mortgages are down 25%. After the bitter lessons of the last round, companies are cautious about the ratio of credit sales and down payment, the overall marketing policy is rational, and industry risks are manageable.
Cash flows are poor. The corresponding operating income and cash inflows in mortgage loans and finance leases are the same, but there is an increase in contingent liabilities.
The sales policy credit expansion increases the potential risk of receivables and inventory, creating net profits through impairment losses of assets and worsening operating cash flows, increasing financing needs and raising financial costs.
At 1.7%, the ratio of impairment losses to operating income has declined significantly, indicating that the company’s asset risk has been effectively controlled, that the off-the-shelf risk has been largely cleared and that the balance of the company’s credit sales guarantee has declined significantly over its historical highs.
During the operation of both credit sales and finance leases, the company needs to take into account the security balance because of possible buy-back commitments. By the end of 2018, the balance of mortgage loans and financial leases for which the company had a buy-back obligation totalled $11.8 billion, a significant decrease over historical highs.
Figure 60: Decreased share of mortgages and financial leases 3 , quick recovery of cash-based blood function, improved performance, expected continued improvement in future cash flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Policy, clearing accounts receivable, controlling delays, strengthening corporate risk controls, and maintaining a high credit sales down payment ratio. The current business performance has improved, stock and receivables turnover rates have recovered, operating cash flows have improved significantly, reaching $3.3 billion in 2018.
The decline in cash flows in the first quarter of 2019 was mainly due to structural differences in the statements due to different sales patterns: due to an increase in the proportion of client instalments made in the first quarter of 2018 and 2019 (the proportion of full instalments, instalments, financial leases and mortgages in the first quarter of 2019 was approximately 34 per cent, 55 per cent, 7 per cent and 4 per cent, with short capital coverage).
In a series of large-scale projects, China’s large-scale clients purchased more Xu’s products and preferred instalments, resulting in a decrease in cash flows from receivables. In future sales restructuring, cash flows are expected to return. V. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis: a reasonable market value of $45 billion, a “buy-in” rating.
The market concentration continues to increase, and Xu's share of the crane is expected to increase by 10%.
3) Crafts of machinery: The downstream is dominated by orbital traffic, the city's underground integrated tube halls, and the recent national orbital traffic and construction projects for the polyclinics have been well received, and we expect the increase in mechanical and industrial operations in 2019-2021 to be based on road investment, with revenues expected to remain stable.
5) Fire and sanitation machinery operations are the company’s emerging business blocks and are growing at a relatively rapid rate.
The world's leading engineering machines are: Caterpillar, United States of America, with an average of about 9.5 times that of Caterpillar, Japan, in 2019, Caterpillar, Japan, in 2020, compared to nine times that of Caterpillar and Matsuma, in 2020, and Xu's 7.7 times that of 2020.
It's estimated that Xu's 2019pb is only 1.1 times higher than its security margin. It's given to the company in the year 2020 to consider a mix-up of excavators: the main profitable excavator has a reasonable net profit of about $1 billion in 2018.
A reasonable business valuation could exceed $20 billion. Chart 67: pb valuation: 2019, 1.22 times as high as Xu's pb, with high security margins  property and capital investments below expectations: engineering and machinery industry and investment in infrastructure and construction, etc.
Closely linked, changes in macro-level policies and the growth in fixed-asset investments will have an impact on the demand of the company’s downstream customers, thereby affecting the sale of its products. The auto crane industry is selling less than expected.
Greater uncertainty could have an impact on the volume of car crane sales, thus impacting the risk that global trade friction, which is now the company's most dominant, will increase: firm internationalization, the rise of global trade protectionism, and a degree of uncertainty about the complexity of major players and the global political economy will result in a certain degree of uncertainty about corporate international markets.
Qualitative. The simultaneous but still uncertain growth of the domestic and foreign economy, increased competition in the market, price volatility of bulk commodities and rising labour costs may have a negative impact on the size and efficiency of the company's sales. Exchange-rate risk: the company has a certain amount of foreign currency operations and will be subject to exchange rate fluctuations in the currency concerned.
The prices of upstream raw materials have a greater impact on the company’s profits through cost, and companies face some pressure if the prices of upstream raw materials increase significantly.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment