In the first half of the year, the company Escort Energy (600188) published its semi-annual report for 2024 on 30 August 2024.
Realization of business income of 72.31 billion yuan, or 24.07 per cent of the year; net return to the mother of 7.57 billion yuan, or 7.57 billion yuan, or coal: higher production & lower cost, firm-owned coal industry is steadily improving.
Coal industry: production levels remain steady, and the two-quarter Māori ratio has improved. In terms of volume: 2024h1, chemical products produced 4.18 million tonnes, or 0.8%, and chemical products sold 3.75 million tonnes.
In July 2024, the company achieved a record high of 1.263 million tons of \triangleright merchandise coal production. The company will optimize its production organization.
The success of the mines and the recovery of the production of the Australian mines have ensured that in 2024 the commercial coal production will reach the level of the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.)
The construction of the Man Foo mine, the Bay 4 open-air mine, the Holling 1 mine in 2024-2030, Cao Wumenxi Avenue A127, the Liu Santan mine, the Galutu coal mine, which is being built on a continuous basis.
In addition, stock-holders’ asset injections are progressing steadily.
There's plenty of room to grow in the future.
On the basis of the company ' s total equity share, which is already issued, the total share of the dividends is $2.3 billion, which represents approximately a collective build-up of the company ' s management, highlighting the value of the company ' s investments. As of August 30, when the prices are collected, we look at the future value of the company ' s restoration space.
Profit forecasting and rating: A new cycle driven by a shortage of capacity is still in the early and mid-point, and we \triangleright expect the domestic and foreign coal hub prices to run mid-point in the next three years.
With the steady release, the orderly injection of high-quality corporate assets and the deepening of employee equity in the context of state-owned business reforms, mining energy is expected to grow towards “clean energy suppliers and world-class firms.” We predict the net profits that companies will have on their parent companies in 2024-2026, respectively.
Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and foreign energy policies; macroeconomic slowdowns, domestic and foreign, or grossly below expectations; risk of major coal safety incidents; exposure to corporate asset injection processes
To the effects of force majeure. Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s expert bank, member of the China Price Association ' s Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal, Senior Engineer, Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin School, Texas University, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector, and Xinjiang, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public-use environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, July 2022.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal mines.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.