On the evening of August 19, 2024, the company's core offshore subsidiary, the coal company, was in Australia.
(3668.hk) Publication of the mid-2024 performance report, which we rate as follows: The coal hub prices are clearly falling and future price trends are expected to stabilize. 2024h1                                      18% below the same figure.
Coal is sold at a combined price of 181 Australian dollars per ton, an increase of 1 per cent in the ring ratio; coal power is sold at 163 Australian dollars per ton, an increase of 2 per cent in the ring price; and smelting coal is sold at 318 Australian dollars per ton, a decrease of 5 per cent in the ring price.
The price of coal has dropped markedly. We expect that in the future, api5 prices have remained at 87.05-percent since the second half of 2024, as the demand for electricity has been strong, the flow of new mines has been limited and the supply has been declining.
The impact of the \triangleright road accident on sales has largely faded. For coal, 2024h1 power coal sales amounted to 14.9 million tons, a 24 per cent increase over the same period, while metallurgical coal sales amounted to 2 million tons, a 17 per cent decrease over the same year.
Tons, with a 3 per cent increase in ring ratio; metallurgical coal sales of 1 million tons, with a flat ring ratio. From the past quarter, production was affected by inflation and still recovering production, the cash cost of 2024h1 was higher than \triangleright
High, looking forward to a further reduction in year-round costs. 2024h1, companies realize cash operating costs.
The impact of expansion (external cost inflation factors such as diesel, explosives, electricity and spare parts) and lower production is expected to decline further throughout the year as production increases in the second half of the year.
The Division’s annual cost guidelines ranged from $89 to $97 per ton, and if the year’s cost achieves the median, it retains the potential flexibility of cash to balance company growth with shareholder returns. At the beginning of 2024, Coal Australia had $1.40 billion in cash and paid $429 million in full tax-free dividends, and
The cash balance at the end of June has increased to $1.55 billion after monthly tax payments. The board has not announced any medium-term dividends for the six-month period ending 30 June 2024. The cash retained by the company provides flexibility for potential business activities and, if not used, may be allocated in the future.
As of 30 June 2024, the share-holding share of the company’s shareholders in the mining energy sector was an opportunity, and the company’s growth and shareholder returns were taken into account in Australia’s development strategy. The net profits of the company in 2024 are expected to be $1.01 billion, which is expected to generate a surplus for the mining energy sector.
\triangleright contributes about RMB3 billion. We expect the year 2024 to be a year of increased production and decline, 37 million tons of commercial coal sales, and 95 dollars a year of projected cash operating costs.
Tons. In conjunction with our findings on the coal production cycle, the coal hub prices are expected to remain medium-high, with an estimated average of AUS$ 160 per ton for coal-filled power sales, AUS$ 300 per ton for metallurgical coal sales, and AUS$ 179 per ton for combined coal sales.
They expect that Australia’s net profits in 2024 are expected to reach $1.01 billion, corresponding to 62.26% of the share in the coal-mining energy, and are expected to contribute about RMB 3 billion to the profits of the coal-mining energy. Profit predictions and ratings: we continue to look forward to high-quality offshore coal assets and have a sustained performance.
\triangleright Energy for long-capable and high-growth space for energy chemicals, we are 2024 - Risk factors: short-term impacts of domestic and foreign energy policy changes; domestic and external macroeconomic failure or
\triangleright recovery is far below expectations; there is a risk of major coal safety incidents; the process of injection of corporate assets is affected by force majeure.
He was a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, a member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
Research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory issues, June 2016, joined with the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of Coal Industries of China. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin School, Texas University, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector, and Xinjiang, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public-use environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, July 2022.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal mines.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.