Potassium Fertilizer Resource Plus, Extension Growth within Main Industry Events: 19 July 2024, company announcement that company and highfield resources \triangleright
Limited (hereinafter referred to as Highland Resources) is planning a strategic collaboration whereby the company intends to acquire an additional share in the highland resources by means of asset injections and cash subscriptions to become the first shareholder and take control of post-trading highland resources.
According to the letter of intent for cooperation, the company intends to transfer 100% of the stock of Yancoalcanada resourcesco., ltd. (hereinafter “Canadian Coal”) to the highland resources, which will be traded on the basis of the newly issued common stock shares; in addition, the highland resources are proposed for a number of battles, including mining energy.
Some investors are targeting an increase in the share of highland resources, with a plan to raise $220 million, and mine energy is interested in participating in subscriptions of less than $90 million from other strategic investors, which can be reduced if the amount of other strategic investors is over $130 million. When the deal is completed, mining energy becomes the first shareholder of highland resources.
The goal is to obtain a majority of board seats and control over the highland resources, and to achieve consolidated statements. The company ' s potassium fertilizer business plus codes.
The Southey project has approximately 1,696 million tons of resources for potassium chloride. Highland resources are a company founded in the Australian book of notes. The core project is a potassium salt mine in northern Spain with about 280 million tons of potassium salt resources. The project started work on the earth in 2022, with a design capacity of 500,000 tonnes/year.
The successful completion of the transaction will help companies to access high-quality potassium mineral resources, speed up the release of resources, reduce the risks to the operation of the Canadian company Coal and improve the competitiveness of companies.
In addition to the research assistant, Lugage \triangleright \tonne class of five-column Bay 4 open-air mines, which will gradually be effective, the company has successfully won the Honolin River in Inner Mongolia.
After that, the company will insist on a combination of growth in content and growth in terms of access to quality resources. Investment proposals: given the relative stability of the company’s capital expenditure, there is still room for future increases in production.
\triangleright split with sound operations, expected company efficiency gains - 2024/0 4. Half-yearly reporting point 2023 for the energy of the mine (600188.sh)
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.