The company achieved total operating income in the first half of 2022, based on the impact of last year’s high base and the epidemic, and the company’s share of q2 q2.
In the first half of the year, total operating income was 15.53 billion yuan, an increase of 26.53 per cent over the same period; during the period of integration into the market, the distributors were more motivated to raise money, the company’s core product channel stock was relatively low, and products such as sunflowers and old white twigs performed excellently, with over-expected performance of 2022q1.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn, apart from the company's initiative to control the speed of the shipment, has been affected by the volume of products sold by the epidemic, the company's saffron series, etc., adding up to last year's high base, where the company's share of q2 was equal. 2022q2, public.
The Division achieved operating income of $4,803 million, an increase of 0.35 per cent over the same period; the expansion of the provincial market steadily took place as a result of the company’s increased fees in the second quarter of the year, and the steady growth of the young flower during the first half of the year.
Driven by wheels, the Saffron brands continue their upward trend and the product structure continues to optimize. In the first half of 2022, the company earned $14,196 million in business income, an increase of 28.66 per cent over the same period. Of this, the public sector continued to grow steadily, with sales revenue of $6.1 billion in the first half of the year.
About 56% longer, with a rising share of medium- and high-end products. A single quarter, influenced by the epidemic and other factors, the public sector collected $4,323 million in wine, a 3% increase over the same period.
The company continues to build up its energy in the field of youth wine and to expand its external markets on a steady basis from the medium-to-high-end series of products. The 2022h1 company’s intra-provincial and extra-provincial markets continue to optimize the product structure, with the company’s Māori rate rising in the first half of 2022.
In the first half of 2022, the company's Māori rate increased by 0.90 percentage points to 3.68 percentage points to the same year. The combined Māori rate and cost rate were 43 times and 33 times higher, respectively.
With the epidemic becoming more normal and the impact of the top six months becoming weaker, firm performance is expected to grow flexibly in 2022. The “recommend” rating of companies is maintained.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.