The short-term performance of Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) is under pressure to positively view the future as high-end and nationalized.
The income of 202,022 guilders has remained positive, with a slight decline in performance and the impact of the epidemic maintaining strategic stability. 4.80 billion yuan (+0.4 per cent) has been collected by the company, resulting in a net profit of 1.3 billion guilders (-4.3 per cent). 2202 guilders have been sold to the mother.
The profit rate is lower than the income rate, mainly by: 1) companies in the epidemic actively regulate the marketing pace, dynamically adjust the product structure, regulate the saffron series, and slightly increase the delivery of the botanium; 2) single q2 taxes raise the cost of sales by 1 pc over the same year, and companies are expected to invest more in promoting good marketing in q2.
The Saffron series has maintained steady growth, high-end stability, and a literal-tested hundred-bit spot on the gift page, which is expected to be maintained at the rate of the 22h1 Renaissance / Saffron 20+25 + Panama + Old Whites / Bosun Camp in the sequenced high-priced Saffron series.
The q2 backlash of the Saffron series maintained a 20.7% increase, leading to an increase of 1.2 pcts for 22 q2 on a year-on-year basis, with high-end dividends being realized. In the recent past, the Bounty gift edition was on the market at a price of $86, with a projected exchange of $100-110, and will be working on the low-end light bottle track in parallel with the ordinary bovine.
A steady roll-out and steady nationalization of the ceremonial series is expected to be achieved in the “year of brand-up of the ceremonial flower.” 2022h1 contract liabilities increased in both the same and the ring ratios, and consumption recovered positively looking at the nationalization and height of the wine.
Billion yuan/+24.8%, which is strong in hand orders, is sufficient to sustain 35% + growth in the second half of the year. In q2, according to Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) - Cinderella continues to lead high growth, kick-start, full quota plan returns, projected returns of about 55/60% in and out of the province, and maintenance of good pipeline stock.
Keeping the Saffron series stable. In the context of three quarters of sustained recovery in consumption & regularization of the epidemic, Shanxi Wine-600809 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Chairman of the Board, running a firm that keeps looking at the wine as a sub-high elasticity, selling it or compensating for growth.
Three-quarterly review of Shanxi Liquor - 60809-2021: Strong Performance Growth, Production Improvement Investment Proposal: Taking into account the impact of the epidemic, the company's initiative to regulate sales to ensure health and good marketing practices has had a significant impact, and the fact that income growth is making it clear that alcohol demand is becoming more resilient. In addition, rum is still fighting during the impact of the q2 epidemic.
A bit rigid, with a strict quota system, to ensure that the channel stock is good. The 2202 kilogram of alcohol profits are less than the income increase, mainly by: 1) companies in the epidemic take the initiative to regulate the marketing pace, dynamically adjust the product structure, and increase the investment in the Saffron series to promote the good marketing of the channel.
The Saffron series has maintained steady growth, high-end steady and well-established, and the gifted version has been placed on the market for a hundred percentile of water. From the product structure, the 22h1 cedar series/saloon/sales of wine/sales have generated $142.05/480 million, a corresponding increase of 28.7 per cent/79.4 per cent/-28.1 per cent, of which the Saffron 22h1 series has generated $6.1 billion (+56 per cent).
The company reduced the Bolivia quota year-round and placed a series of high-priced green flowers in out-of-town markets.
The price of the loan is $86, which is expected to be close to $100-110, and will be in the future deep-deeping the low-end light bottle track in parallel with the common bobble. Following this, with the steady opening of the Bobien gift page and the steady nationalization of the series, it is expected that the “Soyflower brand upgrade year” will result in an increase in the liability and ring ratios for the 2022h1 contract, with a positive recovery in consumption looking at the nationalization and high-end co-opting of the wine.
Zhen. The liability for the last 22H1 liquor contract is $4.84 billion (+1.590 billion/+48.7 per cent for the same year and +960 million/+24.8 per cent for the ring), which is strong in hand orders and sufficient to sustain 35 per cent + growth in the second half of the year.
In the context of a sustained three-quarter recovery in consumption & the normalization of epidemic control, a sub-high-end elastic model of alcohol is continuously viewed, sold or will be used to compensate for growth. Investment proposal: taking into account the impact of the epidemic, companies will proactively regulate the marketing pace to ensure the health of their channels and promote good marketing.
Figure 3: Māori rate for single-quarter sales of Shanxi wine (in %) Figure 4: Net interest rate for single-quarter sales of Shanxi wine (in %) Schedule: Financial forecast and valuation
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject