Events: On August 25, the semi-annual report of Shanxi Wine, 2022, recorded real operating income of the company of $15,534 million, an increase of 26.53 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of $5,013 million
In the first half of the year, the income from the wine series was $14,196 million, $548 million and $483 million, representing an increase of 28.65 per cent/-18.43 per cent and 58.1 per cent, respectively.
$6.1 billion, an increase of 56% in the same year, and continued high growth in medium- and high-end products, with a strong product strategy of “catching two head” with the company’s basic data (8-30). In the second quarter of the same year, it was affected by last year’s high base and the epidemic, with alcohol.
For four consecutive years, the increase in intra- and out-provincial markets has been higher than in-provincial, resulting in sustained expansion and breakthroughs in MERCOSUR.
See, agent, power provider and direct sales (including group purchasing) revenues of $14,242 million, 7.44 net gains to product structure, channel structure and market structure, respectively, have remained positive growth, continuing the steady growth of the “rate of wine”.
On the structural side, the share of the wine series in the company's overall collection rose from 91.86% to 93.23%. The advantages of the wine series continued to be firmly entrenched. On August 6, the company launched a gift version, Boone, in Henanzhengzhou, at a price of $109.00 per bottle.
The company’s promotion of the “1357+10” national market was accompanied by a sustained increase in the share of out-of-provincial income to 63%, and the south of the Yangtze River market.
The layout works well. At the end of the reporting period, the number of distributors stood at 36,648, 124 more, 31 more than q1, single-house sales revenue of around $3.9 million, proxy channel base, compact discs, power channel performance, and cumulative sales of the official flagship shop in Kyoutung.
In the first half of the year, the company’s gross gross Māori rate and net interest rates were both innovative and growing. As of the end of the second quarter, the company was able to close the market.
During the same period of the year, only $329 million was increased, creating a solid basis for the completion of the target items for the second half of the year. On the cost side, the cost of sales was 12.64%, a decrease of 4.09 pct, a decrease of 0.57 pc, turnover tax and surcharge.
In the first half of the year, the company produced 937 thousand litres of wine, which was followed by projects such as the “Break 2030 project for the expansion of drinking storage capacity” (phase I).
In addition, the company has developed a special programme of action and four lists to further reform efficiency gains, further regularizing board-building, public enterprise reform dividends, and defining categories and levels of portfolio investment ratings:
The report accurately and objectively reflects the author’s own research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by third parties. To the extent that the researcher is aware, the researcher, the author, and the stakeholders in the property, together with the evidence evaluated or recommended, have a qualitative and quantitative combination of the research methods used in the present report, and the information on which this report is based.
There are limits to the conclusions and findings of the study, which represent only the views expressed prior to the issuance of the report.Accuracy and completeness, so securities are not liable for losses resulting from the use of the information contained in the report.