Food beverages from Shanxi (60809) South-West Securities Research and Development Centre billions of yuan, +41.5 per cent; of this, single q2 earned 4.8 billion yuan, +0.4 per cent, net profit from motherhood.
1.3 billion yuan, equal to 4.3%, and single-q2 profits are slightly lower than market expectations. Epidemic disturbance & active control, with 22q2 revenues slowing down. 22q2 domestic epidemics spreading at multiple points, with severe impacts on consumption and confidence, companies taking active control of products such as flowers and waist products, and easing channels.
Stock pressure and income growth has slowed down. 1 - Sub-products: 22q2 Qana/Ten Liquor/Apricot series generated 4.32 billion / 200 million / 220 million, corresponding to 3.0 per cent/-42.3 per cent/+19.6 per cent.
High-speed, 30-year-old revivals are price-driven, and the marketing of the rims is well organized; the share of the first half of the young flower in the liquor department has risen to 43 per cent and the product structure has been upgraded at an accelerated pace; the company continues to control the supply of the botanium, which is expected to increase by about two digits at a single rate of q2 and the waist products are subject to stress during the period of the epidemic.
Internal revenues of 1.78 billion yuan, i.e. - 0.1 per cent, are mainly controlled by companies; out-of-town revenues of 2.97 billion yuan, i.e. +0.6 per cent, are more affected by the epidemic in areas such as the provinces of East and Northeast China, where demand is under pressure & active control, and where growth is slowing.
From 36,648, nationalized vendors are steadily on track, and the proportion of high-quality major players continues to rise. Structural optimization drives the increase in the Māori rate, and cash flows remain healthy. 22q2 Māori increased by 78.4 per cent compared to 1.2 percentage points, mainly in the Saffron series, leading to structural upgrading; and the cost increases over time.
The Division increased its efforts to promote consumer growth and end-of-end sales at a management cost of 5.0 per cent, which is almost equal to the same rate; tax and surcharges rose by 3.7 percentage points by 22 per cent; and net corporate interest rates fell by 1.5 percentage points to 27.6 per cent in the context of higher cost and tax ratios, and cash flows, with 22q2 outs returned $5.82 billion, which was equal to the same amount.
Refunds are on track to pre-empt steady growth in the second half of the year. Steady progress is made, with plenty of surplus. In the context of the multi-point spread of the epidemic in the country in the first and second quarters, the demand is high, the company rationally controls the speed of the shipment, increases consumer nurturing and end-marketing, the pipeline stock at the end of the second quarter.
To a reasonable level, the firm’s resilience to growth and strategic fixation are highlighted. 2; The firm’s continued “stable progress” pace, a solid push for rejuvenation of the Circus marketing and consumer development, an offer in August, a retail price of $109 per bottle, and a drop of about 5 per cent of the ordinary bourgeois, steadily pushing for structural upgrading.
In the context of the effective management of the epidemic since the beginning of the quarter, with demand recovery and access to stock, the growth rate of the company's revenues will return to faster growth and a three-quarter round acceleration. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
1. Shanxi wine (600809); high-end and nationalization, continuing strong growth capacity (2022-04-29).
3. Shanxi Liquor (600809): Open the door as scheduled, full rejuvenation of the tide (2022-03-10) 4. Shanxi Liquor (60809): control of the rest of the rhythm
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
As of 1 July 2017, you will not receive, subscribe to, or use any of the information in this report if you are not a contracted customer of your own company, in order to control investment risk. Nor will your company be considered a customer for receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm ' s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.