22q2, the company's operating income was $4,804 million, an increase of 0.36 per cent, the mother's net profit was $1,303 million, a decrease of 4.33 per cent, mainly due to the second quarter of the epidemic, fluctuations in the prices of the green flower series of products, the company's ownership of the goods, and the pace of the shipment. As of the second quarter,
At the end of the year, the corporate contract liability was $4,844 million, an increase of $963 million. In the first half of the year, the wine series now earned $14,196 million, an increase of 28.7 per cent, of which the sales revenue for the line of Saffron products fell by 18.4 per cent, the income for the village of Apricot was $483 million, an increase of 58.1 per cent, and the Mäori.
The same rate ranged from +0.9 pct to 75.9 per cent, of which 22q2, income from the rum series increased by 3.0 per cent, income from the bamboo leaf series declined by 42.3 per cent, income from the almond village series increased by 19.6 per cent and the Māori rate increased by +1.2 pct to 78.4 per cent.
The pace of production accelerates, and tax rates affect profits. In the first half of the year, the company produced 937,000 litres of alcohol, more than half of last year's total production of 17.26 million tons, and 22q2 corporate taxes and surcharges equal to the same ratio \triangleright
In the case of scarcity, the willingness to pay for the distribution is strong, and we believe that the upward extension of the Saffron series will be more robust on the basis of the establishment of the towers in the Bounty, and that the country has gradually developed a culture of salivation.
It's a $100-high-line layout, and it's a boost. President Yuan Qing-moo said at the distributors' conference last year, \triangleright, "The White Liquor brand is the king, we want brand as the core value of the business, we want brand as the value of the brand.
Xianxi Liquor (60809.sh): The first goal is to raise brand visibility, reputation and client loyalty. On August 6th, a gifted edition of the book entitled "The Age of Revelation of the Classics and Salutes" will be published in Henanzheng County.
Samsi Liquor (60809.sh): The rebranding of the brand, the market retail price was $109 per bottle, and the company officially set up a 100-dollar high light bottle track on the 7 billion-grade 50-bit single product base.
Each year, except for the first, it is fixed at 5% of the total amount of ordinary botanium. In our view, the gift plate has the potential to lead the upgrading of the product class as a light bottle leader, helping the company to nationalize expansion and consumer development.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurrent outbreaks \triangleright study of the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen.
The study focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, looking at valuations and security margins. The personal public: a food drink study. You don't know how to talk, depth, depth, and come out slowly. A solid industry study of temperature, combined with stock understanding, works for investors.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.