Shanxi Wine's semi-annual report for 2022: $15.334 billion (with Sonss@cfsc.com.cn)
Performance met expectations, with a steady increase in profitability of $4,803 million (0.4 per cent more) in 2022q2 and a net return of $1,303 million, 2022q2 plus 1 pct. Net cash flow from 2022h1 operations amounted to $4,682 million.
The product structure continues to be optimized, with the Saffron series rising in proportion to the increase in the share of the Saffron series, which, according to the product, collects $14.196 billion in the 2022h1 wine series (29 per cent increase) and $6.1 billion in the Saffron series (56 per cent increase). We expect that the first half of the year will be covered by the Saffron series.
More than 40 per cent, Panama and the Old Shiraito combined (an expected increase of about 30 per cent) were compared to the national market layout for the promotion of "1357+10" and the provincial/outside collection of the Shanxi (60809) incident evaluation report: performance
eps year-on-year collection, 2022q1 open as scheduled - Shanxi Wine (60809) incident evaluation report: monthly
Subtract risk, disease-delayed consumption, under-growth of cerebral flowers, province, Shanxi Liquor (60809) incident evaluation report: performance, Shanxi incident assessment report: reform
Into the deep water, the rational and pragmatic way forward - 2021 - Developmental Study of the Shanxi Liquor (60809): Revival
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.