The non-ferrous metal industry (002460) is performing as expected, and lithium salt production continues to expand.
Incident: The company issued a fast-track performance report for 2019, which generated $5.28 billion in revenue for the year as a whole, an increase of 5.56 per cent over the year and a net return to the mother of $356 million, a decrease of 70.88 per cent over the year; an increase of $100 million by the end of the q3 quarter, mainly in financial assets held by the company (Lithium Western Australia mine pilbara)
The loss of fair value changes as a result of the decline in equity prices affected the company ' s profits, but the q4 single-quarter net profit was reduced by only $6 million, and our judgement should be that the gains and losses on fair value changes were partially offset by the increase in the investment returns recognized by the company.
Tons, down 41% in the same year; battery-grade lithium 2019q4, down 21% in the ring, down by 82,000 yuan/tonne in the year 2019, down 40% in the same year. The whole lithium industry is still in the bottom line, and continued decline in the prices of lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, has also generated corporate profits.
Upstream, lithium resource control is strengthened, and middle-stream lithium salt production continues to expand. Companies are about to issue swaps to raise funds to purchase part of the shares of Minaexar, and once the deal is completed will hold 51% of the shares of the meeraexar.
Going to stock holding and consolidating financial statements would be a milestone in the company’s development of its overseas lithium resources, and would mean that the company’s future focus would be on Argentina’s high-quality salt lake lithium resource.
The 40,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project in Salt Lake, Argentina, will be operational in early 2021, with the total production of corporate lithium carbonate (lce) expected to reach 100,000 tons by 2021.
The competitive advantage in the production of lithium hydroxide (2019-12-25) is not as high as expected.
The company's performance has not been delayed by the loss of its value, nor will it be compensated, directly or indirectly, by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.