The company released its performance report on the evening of February 28 and achieved business income of $5,282 million, which is a year-on-year increase.
The decline in lithium prices affected performance, and the gains and losses on fair value further delayed the performance of o4, which was about $1,072 million for the first quarter of 2019q4, down 24 per cent from the same period and 22.8 per cent from the same period, mainly as a result of the continued decline in the price of lithium salt q4. The difference between net profit and the forecast of performance (a net profit of 428-550 million from the mother)
Mainly the gain or loss on the fair value of financial assets, q4 generates a fair value change loss of $101 million (a cumulative fair value loss of $395 million throughout the year) and is expected to account for the impact of the decline in the equity price of the company ' s equity participation in pilbara.
\triangleright's announcement of 8 February: 1) $2.1008 billion is to be raised for the purchase of part of the Mineraexar stock, tens of thousands of Australian dollars; 3) the All-Soviet Sun Company in the Netherlands is to be awarded US$ 16.365 million for the purchase of the Argentine Miniralexar stock.
After the transaction is completed, 51% of the share is held in meralexar, which will be replenished to an equivalent of up to $200 million. Lithium hydroxide supply pattern is good, with new production at the bottom in 2020 \triangleright \triangleright
As the global process of high nickelification of power cells accelerates, the demand for lithium hydroxide will increase steadily; and the current supply of lithium hydroxide is stable, mainly in the Yapo, livent, and the tile industry, considering the availability of additional capacity and the length of the full vehicle verification process, lithium hydroxide is expected to remain in short supply and the prices are stable overall at the end of 2020.
The additional 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide project will be operational, at which time the capacity of lithium hydroxide will reach 80,000 tons; the company has signed long-term supply agreements for lithium hydroxide with lig, Tesla, the general public and BMW, among others.
Risks from downside lithium salt prices, less than expected sales of new energy overseas. Annual report: Breaking through resource bottlenecks, future space forecast of corporate financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.