In its February 8th announcement, the company stated that: 1.
Mneraexar has a shareholding, a ton lithium salt expansion project, and a replenishment of liquidity. 2. The wholly-owned company is expected to replenish rim at a cost of up to $50 million to optimize the mining process for the mtmarion lithium quarries project. 3. The company's wholly-owned grandchild company, the Netherlands, is expected to do so.
With $16 million in funds to subscribe to about 14 million new shares in Argentina ' s meeraexar, which will hold 51 per cent of the meeraexar stock at ease, the Dutch government could replenish Argentina ' s mineraexar by a ratio of shares, with no more than $200 million.
• Rapid growth in the demand for electric car batteries and storage batteries, rapid growth in the operations of the company’s main business, a relative depth of 300 indexes, long: a rapid increase in the demand for electric car batteries and storage batteries to global lithium compounds and metals
From 2017 to 2022, the global demand for lithium compounds and gold lithium is expected to increase from 229,000 tons to 526,000 tons lce, with a compound annual growth rate of 18 per cent, 80 per cent of which is driven by electric car batteries, and the expected lithiumization of the electric car market.
The demand for combined and metallic lithium as a proportion of global demand will increase from 22 per cent in 2017 to a gridded resource layout, and the industry will be further consolidated: companies added to the global lithium mine resource layout, companies protected through sustained investment in rim, pilbara, meeraexar, etc.
Once the trade with meraexar is completed, the Department will have more than 20 million tons of lithium resources.
Mining selection processes for mining projects, which will further ensure the high quality of lithium lithium ishihara required by the company to produce _aaa_the aaathium industry (002460)
Wang Smin Risk factors: project progress is less than expected; new energy vehicle needs are less than expected; lithium prices are unilateral, summer stunner.