In the first half of 2020, the company managed to achieve a total business start-up.
During the same period, there was a decrease of 53.73 per cent; in the first half of 2020, the epidemic hit the retail market under the domestic air-conditioning industry more strongly, and companies promoted new retail models throughout the country in response to market changes, steadily promoting changes in distribution channels and internal management and implementing active marketing policies.
The main reasons for the difficulty of recovering from the major competitors were the 21.6 per cent decline in the revenue of the main air conditioning industry in the first and first half of the year, and the 24.7 per cent decline in the industry ' s average air conditioning sales in the first half of 2020, with customs statistics showing an increase of 9.7 per cent in the volume of air conditioning exports in the first half of the year, and domestic sales of company air conditioning.
The share of sales is relatively high, making it more vulnerable to domestic epidemics; and secondly, at the end of the channel, the share of air-conditioning shipments in the first half of 2020 reached 53 per cent, the first of which went beyond the line, while sales under the power conventional line were higher, the edge of the line was less visible, and the end of the line was suppressed.
Channel changes and price wars have had a significant impact on corporate profitability and cash flows. Industry faced high industry-wide stocks in 2019, and the new AC standard, which began on July 1, 2020, required companies to speed up inventory clean-up, air conditioning prices were down all the way, and glycerines opened in 2019.
In the war, three billion dollars were announced to fight against low-quality and hypocritical products, and industry prices were out of hand. The new crown epidemic in 2020 hit the industry, the underline real stores were unable to open, and companies, by exploring live deliveries, had a certain impact on the original price system, the online price system and the below-line prices.
System conflict is a pain of change, and the financial corporate consequences are measurable, and 2020h1 is expected to change through a mix of opportunities, diversity, and global layout. New major shareholders are active in bringing strategic resources to companies in areas such as technology, products, channels, etc., and companies are large platforms.
For the benefit of the future, there are three main paths to the future, namely, energy on the product line, such as appliances, ice-washing large pieces, and a further international breakthrough in the air-conditioning industry: the third is an epidemic, opening new fields in medical devices, smart equipment plates.
The company is currently facing multiple tests of channels and industries, and is expected to recover in the coming year, with the public rating system's “market index” reference of 300 indexes. I have the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.