Industry recovery continues, complete and ready for release. In-depth study/mechanism, 29/03/18
• Products are at the centre of growth, corporate profitability is increasing. The volume of engineering machinery sales is largely influenced by new investments and the renewal of holdings, which grew by 99.5% in 2017 compared to the same year in the context of macroeconomic warming and the growth of real estate investment.
At a relatively high level, the production capacity of the core spare parts, represented by hydraulic tanks, is tight, and according to our grass roots research, the stock levels of distributors are low, engineering and mechanical products are in short supply. Business profitability is gradually being repaired, and major product sales are still at the centre of growth.
• The Trinity Excavator is expected to continue its high growth rate, with a significant increase in the volume of 31167 excavators in 2017, an increase of 121.7 per cent in the same year, and a rise in the city to 22.21 per cent, with a steady rise in the number one in the industry: 22.6 per cent in the first half of 2017, which is higher than that of competitors in the same industry.
The development of state-of-the-art technologies and state-of-the-art products of the world’s engineering machinery, as well as improved after-sale services, is expected to lead to further growth of excavators and concrete machines, with a continuation of industry and corporate R&D advantages.
The engineering and machinery industry used credit sales to take over the market, resulting in tight corporate cash flows. Asset management, including through the creation of accounts receivable assets to support special schemes and securitization of assets, resulted in a significant improvement in the financial position of the negative assets. In addition, the Trinity operation was fully opened through marketing, services and customer platforms.
In addition, it has launched seven projects, including 4.5 billion transhipments for the construction of Brazilian industrial parks and the acquisition of capital stock in Hunan, to foster new businesses with large market space and growth potential.
The distribution area now covers more than 150 countries and regions around the globe. International operations achieved sales revenue of $5,799 million/+25.9% in the first half of 2017, 70% of which came from the “one-way” route.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposal 1.2017 to double the volume of excavators sold in 2018
The mechanical industry will continue to grow. 2. The mechanical industry will report on its performance for 17 years: the sub-industry.
Performance rebounded across the board, the second half of the track was deposited on a higher-than-expected one, improved supply and demand, and the engineering machinery as a whole was in the middle of an upswing (i) strong demand rebounded and business performance indicators improved.
In addition, the demand for engineering machinery is largely influenced by the total volume of new investments, but the need for replacement of holdings is also an important factor affecting the volume of sales of engineering machinery. In terms of the composition of new machine sales, capital investment and new start-up of real estate in 2016
Under a more stable trend, high sales of excavators have grown, mainly in terms of replacement demand for upgrading downstream infrastructure, start-up of property. China’s demand for mechanical excavators grew significantly in 2017, under the multiple favourable conditions of higher real-estate investment, ppp landing, and capital investment.
While the sales of engineering machinery products have improved, business performance indicators have gradually improved. 31, China Federation, Xu, Yamato, etc. Engineering and machinery production began to show varying degrees of contraction and even positive growth in their income growth in 16 years, and the entire engineering and machinery industry has started to warm up to some extent.
Figure 3: Growth in revenue of engineering enterprises in 2010-2017: 140,303 excavators in 2017, 99.5 per cent in the same year; domestic market sales of 13,0559, 107.5 per cent in the same year; export sales of 9672, 32.0 per cent in the same year, with a significant increase in the domestic market.
His products, such as cranes, bulldozers, and loaders, are also warming in tandem with the increase in the volume of excavators. In 2016, the cranes grew by 2.50% over the same period.
(ii) Gradual rehabilitation of the profitability of the industry, based on branch statistics and calculation methods, estimates that by the end of 2017, there were approximately 789,000 excavators, 1,833,000 in eight years and 1,411,000 in ten years.
10,000 and 586,000; about 221,000, 524,000 and 666,000, respectively, 10 years old.
According to data on the number of hours that were released, the number of hours that opened in December 2017 was 138.1 hours, an increase of 1.62 per cent over the same period.The extension shows that the number of hours that opened in the medium-sized and large-scale excavations was significantly higher than the number of hours that opened in the lower-lying major infrastructure projects and the need to sustain mining in the mines.
The industry has tightened its sales policy since 2013, clearing receivables, controlling delays, gradually raising credit, selling down rates, eliminating zero down payments and even low down payments, and encouraging bank mortgages.
The value-depreciated ratio of workers’ property losses has begun to decline, while the Central Quaker Section focused on historical burdens in 2017, has significantly repaired the balance sheet, and is expected to begin to decline in the value-depreciated share of assets starting in 2018. From the current performance report, the mechanical industry is gradually shifting from demand-pull to profit-making repairs, and is expected to maintain a more robust demand for new machines in the first half of the year.
(iii) The sales of major products remained high at the heart of the high growth in 2017, with 140,303 items sold in various categories of engineering machinery, 99.5 per cent more than in the same year, 13,0559 in the domestic market, 107.5 per cent more than in the same year, and 97,610 in total.
The sale of 34,437 units, or 60.22 per cent of the total, and the sales of 4,522 flat-ground machines, representing an increase of 42 per cent over the same period, and the flat-ground industry, which maintained a steady upward trend in 2017, except for the January growth rate, which was as low as 0.96 per cent, the 11-month-on-year increase was in figure 7: sales of major engineering machinery products
The engineering and machinery industry is expected to continue to be good in 2018, with significant supply-side reforms, with many key clients wanting to take the lead in stimulating the demand for new machines while increasing branding and image; nineteen years later, with stringent environmental requirements, environmental requirements, such as nuclear power, wind power, and environmental requirements for upgrading equipment in the engineering and machinery industry; and three, favourable international markets.
Xu's and Trinity's sales abroad are getting better and brand awareness is improving; fourth, the industry itself is connected to life, and the future of the industry will be linked to many areas of disaggregation, such as smart equipment, demand and market potential are very high (iv) the production of components is strained and the process of national substitution is accelerating.
The engineering and machinery industry is recovering, and demand for redundant supplies from the industry is gradually improving, and we believe that the basics of engineering and machinery have been fully restored and are continuing, with a sharp recovery in parallel with sales in the form of spare parts represented by hydraulic tanks.
It is difficult to enter some of the priority areas, leading to heavy dependence on imports. Due to insufficient capacity for self-innovation, our hydraulics industry has been able to export 9,330.5 million units a year, with a total value of $712 million.
The rapid emergence of large-scale market supplies during this period, and the development of the hydraulic sector, which lags far behind the development of the mainframe industry, has fallen far short of meeting the development requirements of the mainframe industry and has become a major bottleneck to the development of the equipment manufacturing industry in the country. In recent years, some autonomous domestic branding companies have made partial breakthroughs in internationally known hydraulic enterprises through long-term technological closings.
Technology monopolies on medium- and high-end hydraulic products, and the introduction of a range of high-tech hydraulic products, have broken the foreign monopoly on 8-15 tons of dredging machines, hydraulic column pumping. As the process of national substitution has accelerated, zero pieces of engineering machinery products have been domesticated, and engineering machinery products have been restored over cycles, opening up further room for growth.
ii. High growth of excavators is expected to continue, concrete machines are expected to grow in space, (i) there is an innovation in the volume of excavators, which is expected to continue for 18 years,1 and excavators are a precursor to economic recovery
The excavator is the most applied piece of machinery in the engineering machinery, and the work usually begins from the ground, so the excavator, bulldozer, etc., which involves earthwork, will be ahead of other engineering machines, equipment, excavator property, railways, etc., and will always be seen as the scene of downstream start-up activities.
(c) The downstream areas of different types of excavators, mainly for mines such as coal or iron ore;
Excavators are the most widely used in all types of machines and can be used in almost all works, such as municipal, soil-side, road-building, mining, clearing, etc., except for restricted site conditions (e.g. indoors); small excavators are used mainly in new rural construction, municipal engineering, etc. The opening rate of excavators reflects market demand for basic raw materials, an increase in the start-up rate of excavators, and basic raw materials.
The start-up rate of other types of engineering machinery associated with the processing of materials will increase. 2, 3 and 1 excavator sales have increased significantly, and according to IAEM statistics, in 2017 there were 140,302 domestic excavators, up from almost 10 years ago.
This represents an increase of 99.52 per cent; 31167 excavators, an increase of 121.7 per cent. The rapid growth in sales across the industry has been accompanied by a gradual increase in the share of domestic brands, which, as firms invest more in research and development, have grown in their share of the market, and have gradually outpaced foreign brands such as Doosan and Yoko, which have been the first in the market since 2011, rising to 22.21 per cent in 2017.
Figure 12: Sales and acceleration in the excavator industry over the last 10 years
By extension, the three largest small and medium-scale digs were among the highest in the industry and increased to varying degrees, of which the small digs, the central digs, were the first and the largest, with the cities accounting for only 4.66 per cent in 2009 and 23.22 per cent in 2017; medium-sized excavators accounted for 22.82 per cent in 2017, far more than other brands; and large excavators accounted for 17.02 per cent, which was also a major domestic asset.
The highest brand mining market, with the gap with Caterpillar gradually decreasing. Figure 18: Small excavator market coverage of major brands, 2017.
Trinity focuses heavily on R & D and is dedicated to the development of the world ' s most cutting-edge technologies and state-of-the-art products, with annual R & D inputs, applications and authorizations ranked first in the domestic industry.
Three sy750h mines reloaded series of excavators, which have been able to cover more than 95% of the spectrum coverage of large and medium-sized mines. Of these, the sy395h work unit and four rounds of reinforced circuits have resulted in a significant increase in the reliability of the whole machine, resulting in an international level of fuel consumption and efficiency of the same tonnage: sy750h excavation power, operational efficiency of the same tonnage, fuel consumption, coordinated leading industry products, etc.
In addition to research and development ahead of the industry, after-sales services are well developed, based on the customer-centred principle, leading service networks and management systems have been set up, ranging from “nurse” services, “housekeeper” services to “life-free” services, from 800 green corridors, 4008 call centres to the ecc enterprise control centre, leading by launching the “6s” centre services within the industry.
Models and “one-key” services, with industry leading “123” service value commitments, “110” service speed commitments, and “111” service resource commitments, delivering services to the point where they cannot be repeated. Companies provide 24 hours and 7 days of global customer service to order spare parts and demand after-sales services through company-wide/world-wide warehouses, quickly and effectively putting aside zero units.
Figure 20: Total revenue and revenue from excavators in the first half of 2017 reached $6,905 million, representing 35.05 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 102.40 per cent over the same period, and the sale of excavators is expected to continue its high growth trend as industry concentration increases and overall product line competition increases.
We expect an increase of 2 percentage points in the city’s share, with a more competitive advantage. (ii) Concrete machines will unleash growth potential in 18 years, 1 industry warming and a stronger industry.
The concrete machinery consists of four products: pump vehicles, pumps, mixers and blending stations, where concrete is produced and transported to the construction site by blenders, and where concrete pumps are delivered. The concrete pump is characterized by high technical content and large market size, and is a condensed “crest” product in machinery.
Figure 22: Concrete equipment workflow. There is a significant Mahta effect in the concrete machinery industry, where pumpers account for only a third of the total, and where technical barriers are high, the effects are significant and entry is more difficult, and the industry cr5 has exceeded 60%.
Businesses are scattered, small, and the city’s share is low. In mid-2008, the UICC acquired cifa, and in 2012 Xu’s acquisition of the Elephant and Xu’s acquisition of Xwiing, domestic firms have completed the integration of earth-mixing machinery with the highest technology levels in the world, the concrete-manufacturing industry is growing faster, and it is expected that a “triple-sum” situation will emerge in the future.
Figure 23: Concrete mechanical equipment sub-products ratio 2, double demand and supply shock, accelerated environmental upgrading. From downstream applications, concrete machines are mainly used in real estate and infrastructure, with property projects accounting for half of downstream demand
The above are also widely used in large-scale infrastructure facilities and in priority projects such as subways, road construction, civil aviation airports, high-speed rail networks, and water and electricity construction in the south-west of the country.
In 2016, the number of new start-ups in real estate grew, with stock-taking and land acquisition in three or four cities being relatively positive compared to others, providing an increase in real-estate investments. More recently, capital investment plans for 2018 or major projects have been disclosed, and capital investments are expected to remain high, with rural infrastructure, environmental governance, industrial environmental protection, orbital transport, communications equipment, and other major projects.
Infrastructure projects such as water, underground tube halls will continue, and the level of profitability in the concrete machinery industry will gradually return. Industry supply and demand patterns are clearly warming. At the end of supply, production and demand have contracted, new machine sales have continued to decline and equipment has been upgraded; there is a need for solutions, real estate and infrastructure to continue to grow.
This competitive advantage will remain in place in the future, with the completion of inventory equipment, the gradual recovery of overdue loans from enterprises, the lifting of balance sheet pressure, the expected high growth of the concrete industry in a good industry pattern, and a simultaneous rise in lead competitiveness and market share.
Pre-mixed concrete is a demand product for infrastructure and real estate, and production is directly related to fixed asset investment, particularly in real estate construction and large-scale and infrastructure projects, and the use of premixed concrete technology is more economically cost-effective and can be achieved.
Effectively reducing the manual configuration of construction enterprises, saving raw materials, improving mechanization and automation, and increasing the useful life of the project. Savings can also be made in terms of socio-economic and environmental benefits, construction progress and construction The industrialization process accelerates, as pre-mixing concrete does not have to be stacked in the field, and the city does not have to be dirty.
Reducing pollution of dust, noise, etc., and improving the environmental quality of cities. Figure 30: Solidization of input in relation to concrete production Pre-mixing of concrete in the early stages of development, with prices often higher than in situ mixing of concrete due to lack of regulation.
A circular was issued on the prohibition of mixing concrete on site in urban areas for a period of time, identifying 124 municipalities that are prohibited from mixing on site, and setting out a timetable for banning on-site mixing on-site in urban areas: in 2004, seven other ministries and departments of the country put in place the Measures for the Management of Bulk Cement (Decree No. 5) which stipulates that people ' s governments above the county level prohibit on-site mixing on-site condensation in urban areas on the basis of the actual situation.
The construction authorities have put in place a number of support measures. Prior to 2003, the country had less than 10% of the graded concrete, the domestic market for goods had entered a rapid period of development after the announcement, and the use of the country’s goods was concentrated in the provincial capital cities and coastal development cities, where goods were condensed.
Land use has reached 80% of the country’s total, but there is much room for development in medium- and small-sized cities. In 2017, the concrete industry experienced deep and inherent changes, both in the consumption structure and in the price system, with the momentum of restructuring, the annual growth in design capacity and a cumulative increase in concrete prices of 58 yuan/m3 over the fourth quarter.
(b) On the other hand, the removal of the low sign of cement further increases the proportion of bulk cement applications, with a consequent increase in the rate of mixing of concrete; and at the same time, as bulk cement has increased in rural areas, the use of bulk cement was already close to 50 per cent mixed at the end of 2016.
The commercialization rate of concrete has contributed to the normative development of the cement and concrete industries, and has led more directly to the intensification of the environmental protection of concrete, such as pumps and blenders, which has also led to significant equipment upgrading needs. The Law of the People ' s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution requires strict control of motor vehicle pollution, and the emission limits and measurement methods for light vehicle pollutants (phase V of China) set out in the five national standards.
Since July 2017, heavy diesel vehicles that no longer produce and sell the five-standard non-national standards have had a significant impact on mixers, pumpers, and vehicle pumps. The stock of concrete machinery is currently mainly national and three-standard, and the need for equipment upgrading is high.
According to statistics from China’s road network, concrete machinery was retained to transport concrete blending, 34.9 to 379,000 vehicles, 64,000 to 695 thousand concrete pumps, 562 to 60.9 million concrete pumps, and concrete mixing stations.
5.53-606 million units, with a projected continued clearance in 2018, will provide significant incremental space for concrete machinery and equipment. Second-hand equipment is currently being leveraged on Internet platforms, with a very active trade volume, which will prompt the rapid release of second-hand equipment.
Three is the largest manufacturer of concrete machinery in the world, and the dominant products include a whole series of concrete products, such as concrete transport pumps, concrete transport pumps, concrete mixing stations, etc. Three is now in a full series of 25m-86m concrete pump vehicles, with a high domestic share, far higher than other brands, with the rise of other brands and national products.
Three-first tow pumps, the core equipment of the Tri-One, have been the country’s highest-prevalence since 1997. At present, there are 14 high-rises over 400 metres built and under construction in the country, and nine of them, or nearly 70% of the country’s super-high buildings, have been pumped and delivered.
Triple One pumps are also involved in the construction of a number of major projects in the country and abroad. Triple pumps are breaking through, winning the National Science and Technology Advancement Award, the China Patent Award, and so on. Triple One blending stations are also leading the industry, with a series of blending stations, third generation stations, environmental protection stations, export stations, blending buildings, etc., covering all types from 60 to 360 stations, and with specialized sewage treatment equipment.
The maximum real productivity of this standard type Hzs120 is 120 m3/h, the maximum real productivity of Hzs180 is 180 m3/h; the maximum productivity of the efficient type Hzs120h is 132 m3/h, and the maximum real productivity of Hzs180e is 200 m3/h. Concrete sales returned to heating in 2017, and the position of the Trinity market was steadily raised, with the first time in the first half of 2017 when the Trinity concrete machine
Positive growth was achieved, with sales reaching $6.609 billion, a 32 per cent increase over the same period; in the background of the decline in the level of Maori among rivals, the Trinity Māori rate began to rise steadily and far ahead of the industry, with 22.6 per cent Māori for concrete equipment in the first half of 2017, and only 16.8 per cent in the centre.
Concrete equipment companies have lost a lot of money in previous years, and listed companies have seen a largely negative growth in their equipment operations. Moreover, last year, a lower base with second-hand equipment was cleared, concrete equipment companies are expected to improve their profitability. Based on the current orders and sales of the mainframe plant, the increase is more marked, and it is expected that sales of new machines will gradually be reflected in the statements, and the company's Māori ratio will change.
Good, given the normal 2-3-year cycle of construction of capital and real estate projects, the need for concrete equipment is expected to continue to grow.
The engineering and machinery industry has taken a radical credit-hour sales model at the peak of sales, usually for three to six months, with customers paying a certain percentage of the first payment of the product price, leading to excessive credit risk and tight cash flow.
Asset management has resulted in the divestment of bad assets and a marked improvement in the financial position. After dissociating bad debts, companies have focused more on management of business risks and quality, strengthening the management and control of accounts receivable, inventory and costs, and optimizing the financial structure.
Inventory turnover increased from 1.41 per cent to 2.15 per cent in the same period of the previous year; the cost rate decreased significantly by 6.3 pct during the period, of which financial fees were reduced by 14.7 per cent compared to the same period of the previous year, administrative costs were reduced by 3.5 pct compared to sales income during the same period of the previous year, and corporate asset liabilities were fully rolled out and business transformation made substantial progress.
Thirty-one focuses on industrial linkages, and business models are gradually changing. From managing business modules, sales, post-market services at home, and through marketing, service and customer platform interfaces, market insight systems are being established. In June 2017, the third framework agreement continued to promote civil-military integration, and companies have developed smart dirt vehicles with a country ' s leading environmental conservation level.
A series of products into bulk production and marketing has been made available in more than 20 provinces of the country, with $4.5 billion in debt swaps to raise funds for seven projects, such as the Brazilian Industrial Parks Project, the purchase of three quick-to-be-residents in Hunan, and 100% of residential industry Ltd., drawing on Internet thinking to speed up the transformation and foster market space and growth.
In 2017, all three major players entered the field of fire protection, cross-border insurance, tri-groups and home-grown entrepreneurial investment agencies set up smart capital, focusing on innovative investment in industry in the field of 4.0 and in the network of goods, with a view to investing in 50 projects within three years. In addition, Tri-One has set up a technology for manufacturing and is trying to innovate outside the system.
Future subversive innovations need to create an institution outside the body, or be hatched by creative investment. In addition, the three-in-a-kind network area, in addition to actively creating and upgrading smart products and services, reduces significant management costs by means of a completely upgraded system of meta-intelligence.
IV. High growth in overseas demand, with a new line opening along the way (i) capital estates supporting domestic demand are stable, ppps are supported by hand orders, and capital investment is unheated
High growth in capital investment is the most important factor underpinning the steady growth in fixed-asset investment. In the major sectors that influence capital investment, capital investment has increased at a much faster rate than investment in manufacturing and real estate.
According to the fiscal sustainability guidelines for the ppp project, the total ppp project would need to be budgeted at a cost of RMB 1 billion per year, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same year, of which the central general public budget revenue of RMB 811.9 billion, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period, and the local public budget of RMB 91.448 billion, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period.
A trillion yuan. Assuming an annual growth of about 6% in fiscal spending; an average duration of 10 years for cooperation on ppp projects; a ceiling of 10 years for fiscal expenditure on ppp projects; and a 50% share of the total investment on government fees (including government fees and a trillion dollar shortfall in feasibility), the contribution of the ppp project to national capital investment will be further increased in the future, with a strong capital-led boost.
According to macro-project projections, capital investment fell in 2018, controlling local government debt risk in the context of the government’s intensified audit of the ppp project. The government focused more on the quality of economic growth, increased tolerance for the downside of the economy, and reduced willingness to expand its finances. Overall, it is expected that the pool of Ppp projects in 2018 will be reduced, but that the ppp is now in possession of sufficient orders, 2018
The demand for engineering machinery remains strong.2 The build-up of property supported by the positive build-up of land and new start-up fires was better than expected and the government’s supply increased the number of investors in 2017 owing to the spillover of demand from the second-line city.
In 2017, the increase in the heat of real estate sales accelerated the stocking of urban merchandise houses, the government increased the supply of land in order to curb the price of houses too fast, while the faster cities (especially the three-line cities) were restructured and the cash flow of real estate providers was abundant, with marketed housing enterprises having raised their money by $920 billion by the end of the third quarter of 2017, an increase of 13 per cent.
The high growth in real estate investment in 2018 is expected to be unsustainable owing to money-delayed investment, and the benefits of active land acquisition by real estate providers and the growth of land by annual housing firms, with new start-ups falling behind, create a gap between scissors. The average length of work on land is one year, meaning that the undeveloped plots in 2017 will start in 2018, and an increase in the number of new start-up projects will further boost the demand for engineering machinery.
(ii) Exploitation of projects along the overseas market on the one hand, and along the other, to drive the demand for engineering machinery further up to the end of 2013. The Secretary-General of Xi Jinping proposed the joint construction of the “silk route economic belt” and the “Marine Silk Road in the 21st Century”
International initiatives, as of October 17, a total of 2,934 projects were planned, under construction and completed along the “one-way” route, covering 14 major industries, including electronics, building properties, transport, eco-environmental protection and metallurgy, of which 2030 were domestic projects, totalling approximately $12 trillion, 904 projects abroad, with projects amounting to $5,457 million (approximately $3.6 trillion of people).
Between 2010 and 2013, cagr + 0.5 per cent of newly signed contracts in the “one-way” area, Cagr + 16.2 per cent in the other overseas areas, the “one-way” area had great potential but slow development; between 2013 and 2016, cagr + 6 per cent in the “one-way” area, and the other overseas areas, cagr + 5.8 per cent, significantly increased and significantly led the other areas.
Our foreign engineering contracting pattern has gradually changed, with a “one-way” project re-engineering the new market for Chinese engineering exports, which is expected to be the new starting point for the “one-way” performance realization phase in 2018. There are 65 countries along the “one-way” route in Asia and Eastern Europe, 35 of which have signed cooperation with China.
In addition, 36 extraterritorial countries have achieved strategic convergence with China. According to the Engineering News Record, in 2017, there were 250 of the world’s largest international contractors, with only two enterprises in Latin America on the list, and there is a lack of large-scale infrastructure enterprises in the region.
In November 2017, we signed a number of cooperation agreements with Panama, and Latin American countries participated in an accelerated “one-way” process. The future capital market is expected to unleash greater growth space and drive more demand from overseas for engineering machinery.
Figure 52: Country and extraterritorial policy interfaces along the “one-way” route Figure 53: China's top enr enterprise revenues are mainly from Asia, Africa and Oceania. As of July 2017, our country had bilateral currency swap agreements with 36 countries, of which 22 were in the “one-way” zone.
The process of internationalization of the renminbi is moving forward, and the process of internationalization of the renminbi plays an important role in it. Conservative estimates suggest that in 2018, the country’s main commercial banks, policy banks, and international financial institutions invested more than $15.3 billion in “one-way” areas.
In 18 years, China is forecast to sign new contracts amounting to $14.1 billion in the “one-way” region, with “one-way” funds facilitating businesses to go out to the sea. The “one-way” creates an opportunity for the internationalization of the renminbi, which promotes the “one-way” movement.
With a total guarantee of $4.731.2 billion, Xinbao, China provides “one-way” escort, covering more than 200 countries and territories, and brings together a credit information database of more than 7 million businesses and 11,000 banks to provide professional credit guarantee services for the construction of a “one-way” facility. The “one-way” is being extended to extraterritorial areas, and the trend of high capital growth is being established.
The National Engineering and Mechanical Enterprise is expected to step up the deployment of overseas markets by using its “one-way” resources.
The amount of additional insurance coverage for overseas investment insurance under the long-term export credit insurance — the amount of short-term export credit insurance coverage — the globalization process has advanced with a significant increase in overseas sales
Thirty-one, as the vanguard of engineering machinery, has been laid out on the New Silk Road Economic Belt and is now sold to more than 150 countries and territories around the world, covering many of the countries along the "one-way" route, and mainly developing Chinese households. Three-one industrial parks built in Xinjiang, Beijing, Shenyang have a favourable position, and three-hundred north-west workers cover Xinjiang markets.
The three major international operations include port infrastructure and energy equipment, port infrastructure products with a wide range of applications, especially the sea-based Silk Road, and new operations such as wind power, residential industrialization, etc.
Figure 58: Thirty-one of the world ' s top ten production bases. In the first half of 2017, corporate international operations progressed steadily, with international operations achieving sales revenues of $5,799 million, an increase of 25.9 per cent compared to the previous year, leading industries, sustained improvement in the quality of operations in major overseas regions, India, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, etc.
Rapid growth. Out of the total sales of the triads, overseas markets already outperformed 40 per cent of company performance, 70 per cent of the proceeds came from countries and regions along the “one-way” route, with rapid growth in such regions as India, Europe, South Africa, the Middle East, and companies actively seeking more agents and partners to drive international business development.
Three are the most well-placed engineering and machinery companies along the “one-way” route, which open up overseas markets through the acquisition of German “Potsmeister” by a joint venture in Austria, Parfi. In 2017, the recapitalization project was changed to a “one-way” project for the R & D and services of excavators along the “one-way” country and overseas market, the “512 project” for military engineers, and the “one-way” country and overseas along the “one-way” line.
Market excavator R & D and services projects were used mainly in China, India, Indonesia, Thailand, Turkey, the United States and Europe to upgrade the capacity of excavator R & D and services in countries along the route and in overseas markets, through the formation of a local product and service core.
A total of 12 per cent, an increase of 3.5 pct over the same period, implemented 62 M&As for countries along the “one-way” route, with investments of $8.8 billion, an increase of 32.5 per cent over the same period, and new contracts of $14.432 billion for 61 countries along the “one-way” route, representing 54.4 per cent of our new contracts for outsourcing work during the same period, an increase of 14.5 per cent over the same period.
The future demand for dredging facilities is high, the potential for excavator applications is high, and countries have high individualizing requirements for equipment. Through the implementation of “one-way” projects, the international competitiveness and branding of company excavators products will be enhanced, the internationalization of fast-growing operations will be developed, and the global market share of company excavators will be raised.
Liu Zhenwoo, head of the large machinery team, undergraduate and master's degree in materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate studies in metal materials, postgraduate studies in the development of a data collection system for miscellaneous electrical currents, five years of investment management in China's Metallurgical Industries Group, two years of project management in the Beijing City Planning Committee system, and in 2015 joined the civil life securities in mechanical equipment.
The author possesses the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.