The short-term impact of the epidemic is limited, and it remains a long-term good idea to create three core competitiveness companies that promote continuous breakthroughs. Sustained emphasis is placed on in-house technological innovation. The company is a small group of private car parts and components that adhere to the career manager model and encourage self-employment internally.
Core data on corporate R & D for 2011-2018: the number of people increased from 365 to 1328. Annual R & D expenditure increased from $6.08 million to $287 million, annual R & D expenditure as a proportion of income, and by 2000 the focus of the company was lightly quantified in terms of the two major punches, “Screaking + Sound Insulation”
+In the two main areas of automobile electronics, companies have been following the strategy of international first-class parts and components firms, keeping pace with industry trends, and continuously enhancing their modular supply capabilities. Continuing to expand their superior customer capabilities. From General to Gilly to Tesla, following industry trends and binding them from time to time.
Energy security + greenhouse effect + the three-fold cause of atmospheric pollution, driven by a global ban on fuel trucks, which is a major trend in the future, we anticipate a new global energy source.
V+phv sold 15,880,000 vehicles by 2025, with a 36% compound increase. The new four-dimensional revolution in the car catalysed the Tesla model, leading the global new energy car market. We expect Tesla’s global output to reach 557,000 vehicles by 2020.
Rear quality, increased use of aluminium as an industry trend, coverage and body structure are important areas for the future, where aluminium penetration is increasing rapidly. Tupou expanded the layout of lightly quantified aluminium alloyed chassis from a continuous extension of the aluminium control arm, sub-scree, to a section-structured piece, and was acquired in 2016.
Tesla’s agreed point of supply, with the model3 nationalization, the company’s accompaniment value has been rising, contributing to a modest quantification that will sustain rapid growth. nvh+ Motors Electronics has a long-term recovery period, with limited short-term impact on companies.
+ Emblems + Automobile Electronics is directly related to domestic car production and is more relevant to US + autonomy (especially General + Gillion). These three operations were subject to cyclical adjustment following industry 's downsides in 2018-2019. 2019q4 data shows the remaining major downstream vehicles except upper gas + Mitsubishi.
The three operations are expected to recover with the industry. The impact of the new pneumonia outbreak this spring has been limited in the short term, mainly due to the low capacity utilization of the GW-A-A-Phan factory and the delay in the overall resumption of work.
▪ Investment proposal: Top is a typical example of a multi-grade path for auto parts and components, and a new round of growth is beginning. Core point: 1) Light quantitative business growth with new energy catalysts, with Tesla's client exposure becoming the brightest. 2) Recovering traditional business performance with industry needs can be improved.
1. Three core competitiveness promotion companies continue to break through and focus on in-house technological innovation. Companies are a small group of private automobile parts and components that adhere to the career manager model.
To 4.8%, modular supply capacity is continuously enhanced. From 1983-2000, when the core layout was “swollen plus sound insulation” products, to 2000 when the company focused on the two areas of light quantification + car electronics, the company has followed the strategy of the world’s first-class parts and components industry, continuously introducing new products in line with industry trends, and continuously enhancing its modular supply capacity.
From General – Gilly – Tesla, companies have been following industry trends, from tying up capital brands to seizing opportunities for self-empowerment to catching trends in new energy cars, expanding their high-quality downstream customers. Sustained emphasis on in-house technological innovation, with simultaneous R&D capabilities in global mainframe plants.
The share of R & D personnel has increased from 11.7% to 17.2%. The company has established R & D centres in eight major cities around the world, attracting a wide range of high-level talent from both within and outside the world, enabling the company to develop research and development capabilities in materials, machinery, electronics, software and system integration.
The statement indicates that the company currently has four test laboratories, covering approximately 7,500 square metres of construction and over 200 test equipment of all types, covering the entire vehicle and subsystem nvh test, structural table fatigue test, elastic performance test, metal material detection, test equipment and spare parts dimensions.
Tests such as detection, environmental durability testing, chemical analysis, high molecular material analysis, etc., support synchronized development of company modules and basic technical research. Continuous enhancement of modular supply capacity and continuous expansion of new products.
Two major boxing products, with companies focusing on the two areas of light-quantified + auto-electronics since 2000, have been following the strategy of the world’s top-notch component companies, continuously introducing new products in line with industrial trends, and continuously enhancing their modular supply capabilities. The company now has four main product lines: shock-reduction + interior + light-quantized chassis + auto-electronics.
From Universal -- Gilly -- Tesla, companies have been following industry trends, from binding joint ventures to seizing opportunities for self-empowerment to catching trends in new energy cars, expanding their high-quality downstream customers.
Driven by the three-fold energy security + greenhouse effect + atmospheric pollution factor, the global ban on fuel trucks has become a trend for the future, and we expect that the global new energy vehicle, v+phv, will sell 15,880,000 vehicles by 2025, with a complex increase of 36%. The car’s new quadrupled revolution has catalysed the Tesla model, which will lead us to a new global energy vehicle market.
Tesla’s global output is expected to reach 557,000 vehicles in 2020. With continued mileage anxiety, reducing the quality of vehicle preparation, increasing the aluminum ratio as an industry trend, coverage and body structure are important areas for a rapid increase in aluminium penetration in cars in the future.
The layout, and the Tesla agreed point for supply in 2016, will continue to grow rapidly as the model3 country produces and the value of the company ' s accompaniment rises, contributing to a light quantitative operation.
Energy security + greenhouse effect + atmospheric pollution three-fold drive, the global ban on the sale of fuel trucks will be the year ahead, with Norway and the Netherlands, respectively, followed by Germany and India in 2030, and finally the United Kingdom and France in 2040.
With the attention of the government, and under pressure from oil prices and the environment, firms and consumers are more motivated to buy v + phv, while hv is growing at a relatively slow pace.) In China, the number of new cars increased significantly in 2020-2022, and the development of v + phv has increased to the point where the government is focusing on the two-point drive + battery costs, and firms and consumers accept the increase in v + phv.
In the United States, the pressure on oil prices and the environment has been relatively low, the government has been less inclined to push it, the development of the ev+phv+hv has been evenly balanced and the market has been more selective. 4) In Japan, the importance of the ev has increased, but the importance of phv+hv has remained strong, with the number of new cars increasing and the pace of growth accelerating since 2020.)
In other parts of the world, government has less power, more often from market choices. Forecast results: 1) Globalev sold 2.21 million vehicles in 2020, 1,192 million in 2025, with a compound growth rate of 37.5%. 2) Global phv catalysed the Tesla model of a new four-tier automobile revolution: 1) Strategicly targeted private consumer markets
(ii) The electric field chooses to build its own universal battery level by relying on the Battery Management System+Heat Management System to keep pace with the market positioning needs of its own products, thereby dynamically screening its most suitable batteries globally.
(c) The intelligent domain is advanced by a virtuous cycle of "hardware ahead - software ota update - real-time data feedback - correcting the improvement system" that insists on using the owner's actual test data as a priority, ranging from reliance on suppliers to autonomous development of chips, to the continued optimization of autopilot systems in Autopilot, and to fast-track upgrades of function 12-l3-l4-l5. 4)
The flat supply chain procurement model and the high level of outsourcing of parts and components of non-core systems have led to global sales using a straight-up model, supported by an “efficient plus low-cost” operating system that supports the expansion of production and sales. Tesla leads the innovation of car profit models from hardware to soft and hard combinations.
Overseas Tesla production forecasts: Currently Tesla's worldwide deliveries are from the United States Freemont assembly plant (formerly the Toyota and the General Joint Venture Nummi, which began production of motors in 2012), batteries from the Nevada plant, joint ventures with Matsu, mainly for the production of power cells, and massive bulk production of lithium batteries started in January 2017.
And in mid-2018, the production of cell and drive units for model3 began with an initial battery capacity planning of 24gwh, with a theoretical capacity ceiling of 36gwh. The output per week derived from the quarterly production data published by 2015q1-2019q4 Tesla. The curve of volume change is as follows: 2015q1-2016q2 with an average output of about 1,000 units per week and 2016q3-2018q1 with a production level of 1 week
Quantities level; 2) New weekly levels of production are usually accompanied by a new vehicle type on the market. In conjunction with the current volume of product orders +model y, which is expected to increase production in the battery plant by mid-2020, we expect to increase the weekly output of the Tesla assembly plant by about 9,000 units in 2020, or 457,000 units in the year.
Figure 7: The production of the Tesla United States assembly plant is expected to reach 457,000 in 2020.
During the production phase of model3, the equivalent capacity was approximately 250,000 vehicles, initially produced the Model3 standard renewal (nedc continued 460 km, 100 km accelerated 5.6 seconds) with a start-up price of RMB 328,000, the autopilot selected cost of $278,000, and the fsd fully autonomous driver selected cost of $56,000. The combined capacity plus market demand plus competitive analysis is projected for 2020.
In addition to increasing the energy density of the batteries, it is likely that more than 100,000 vehicles will be produced.
A larger proportion of aluminium used in bicycles is an important aid. The coverage and body structure are an important area for the future rapid increase in aluminium penetration in automobiles. Aluminiumization of traditional pressure castings, such as engines, gear tanks, heat switches, etc., has matured over the past 5-10 years, with an adequate replacement rate.
There's more space. According to the duckerworldwide projections, the ratio of aluminium to the front cap will increase from 48 per cent in 2015 to figure 8: aluminium penetration on the body and cover will increase rapidly over the next 10 years. 1) aluminium is purchased in the aluminium control arm, using molds, and is constructed. 2) Aluminium alloys are usually purchased on the side racks.
Aluminium-based control arm is currently used mainly for autonomous brands and new-energy automobiles, with a value of 100 per cent of Fordonna ' s shareholding (the main customer is a Gilly car) acquired by 640 million yuan annually and a revenue of 376 million yuan in 2016. Aluminium alloy staircases are autonomous research and development inputs from companies and are now bulked into the relevant national autonomous brands.
3) Turnover is one of the important parts of the bridge that allows cars to move steadily and with sensitivity and direction. The function of the turnover is to pass and absorb the front load of the car, support and drive the car around the front wheel, and turn the car around. In the vehicle ' s driving state, it is subject to a variable shock load, so it is required to be very strong.
The company received the Supply Agreed Point (Agreement) from Tesla, the United States, on 23 August 2016, which was recognized as supplying Tesla with light-quantified aluminium alloy chassis structures, officially a Tesla supplier.
Class plants are already under construction, with 250,000 production planned for the first phase, which will be completed by the end of 2019. Model3 will be the first nationalized vehicle, with market release prospects. Modely’s production in the United States is ahead of 2020q1. Tupou, as the anchor supplier of the aluminium alloy chassis system, will help fast-growing operations as the accompaniment value rises and Tesla is released.
The long-term recovery of the “nvh+car electronics” business is directly related to domestic car production, the core United States + autonomous client groups, and the two core clients are the “up gas + gypsies”.
The demand for cars has gone down, and cyclical adjustments have taken place. According to quarterly data, the production of vehicles in the narrow range of 2019q4 has decreased by a similar rate to -2 per cent, with autonomous production having decreased by a similar rate to -6 per cent, and the United States has continued to increase by a similar rate, with the general rate of gas production having increased by -25 per cent, and the general rate of Mitsubishi having remained by a similar rate to that of companies.
At this point in time, up-scaling and Mitsubishi recovery have become important variables for the recovery of traditional operations, and autonomous brands, especially Gilly, are already in the process of recovery. Looking ahead to 2020-2021, we believe that domestic demand for the automotive sector will be in the phase of recovery, with an average increase expected to return to around 3%.
The impact of the short-term epidemic is inevitable but limited, owing to the combination of multiple factors in the initial demand spread + the price reduction of vehicles + the increase of vehicles. The SARS epidemic in 2003 had a limited impact on car demand, with sales equal to +33.5 per cent (2002 year-on-year +37.4 per cent). The demand is already in an era of low growth.
In the critical year of the recovery + the rapid spread of the epidemic and the high number of city closures + the severe areas of the epidemic are also the major provinces of demand within a month will stimulate some of the first-time vehicle purchases (like in 2003), but limited (164 in thousands) and will result in delayed buy-over/additional demand: long-term (1 year) recovery of vehicle demand through the impact of the national economy
The impact of SARS on automobile production in 2003 was largely synchronized with demand, with the difference being that in May the rate of growth slowed even more (+2% compared to +3.5% compared to +34.5% for the year as a whole. This new pneumonia epidemic affected the total automobile production in 2020.
The volume impact is expected to fluctuate as a whole, but within a short period of three months it will have a greater impact on production. Core causes: the number of patients diagnosed exceeded 100 (as of 4 February 2020, 15-point statistics) and the annual shortfall in vehicle sales exceeded 10,000, with a combined annual shortfall of 5.25 million (at 2018 calibre), depending on the extent of the impact.
The immediate impact of the epidemic on the company is reflected in two levels: (1) cessation of production at the GWK factory.
The company’s production capacity at the Wuhan accessories factory is low. 2) The company’s resumption of work is delayed until 10 February, resulting in a direct reduction in production time.
New energy-catalyzing has led to a rapid growth in light quantitative operations, with Tesla's client release becoming the biggest light spot. 2) Follow industry downstream car demand recovery is lower than expected; the spread of new pneumonia is higher than expected.