The company was established in 1995 and has been focusing on research and development in the field of chemical luminous immunology, completing the first fully automated chemical development in China in 2008.
Auxiliary reagent, which has served more than 8,200 medical terminals in the country, including 1,279 level-III hospital clients, s0980522080001 3A hospital coverage of more than 50 per cent and cumulative chemical luminometers installed or sold at home and overseas
The combined rate of growth of income and net profit from motherhood is 29% and 33%, respectively, and maintains excellent profitability. The size of the domestic market is 27.8 billion yuan a year. Chemical luminous immunology testing is the dominant technology in this area, and with its high sensitivity and speciality, it has quickly achieved the replacement of methods such as enzyme immunisation, but
Companies use strong self-research capabilities to accelerate import substitution, internationalization, and platforming to open up new growth curves. By starting their own research and development, companies spend more than a decade breaking the technological blockade of multinational enterprises in the field of chemical light.
And the product monopoly, and the integrated R & D and production capacity of the instrument + reagent + raw materials has been built. The company’s growth in new installed capacity, both domestically and overseas, is growing rapidly, and the share of large- and medium-sized machines is expected to continue to grow year after year, with the introduction of the hypervelocity luminometer x 8, which will become an import-substitute sword.
For nearly a decade, more than 30% of overseas income will replicate the success of India’s market. Companies are expected to start a new growth curve by working together on self-research and lateral expansion, with biochemical diagnostics, digital pcr, and laboratory automation/test waterlines.
Investment proposal: New industry biology is a leader in the field of chemical luminous immunoanalysis, with multiple advantages in technology, production and marketing. The introduction of hypervelocity radiometers x 8 in 2018 has accelerated the sale and installation of instruments, increasing the medium-sized ratio of large machines, and a solid and large loading base will continue to drive the sale of reagents in the future.
The new industry was established in 1995 and has been focusing on research and development in the field of chemosynthesis and photo-immunisation analysis:
The successful registration of China's first fully automated chemical luminometer in September 2008: the successful launch in 2016 of the intelligent “modular CBVI analysis system”, which further enriched the company's product.
(b) The successful launch of the hypervelocity full-automatic chemical lumination analysis system, Maglumix8, which opened the chemical luminous new era, when the company installed more than 10,000 fully automated chemical luminometers worldwide:
In 2019, the company formed a molecular diagnostic research and development team, and in late 2020 it launched a nuclear acid test product for overseas markets, expanding its molecular diagnostic business. In July 2019, a chemical hepatitis C luminous product developed by the new industry was successfully certified by the European Union as the first Chinese hepatitis C reagent.
(b) In December 2020, the new industry received China's first chemical luminous ivdrce certification, a new milestone in the path of pioneers in the field of extra-global diagnosis.
The company has set up multi-product matrices for immunization, biochemical, molecular and laboratory automation, fully automated chemical photo-immunisation analysers and 191 ancillary reagents, of which 184 have access to the EU. 153 chemical luminous reagents have been registered in the domestic market (a total of 197 certificates).
Complemental reagents cover detection projects such as tumour signs, thyroid, infectious diseases, glands, myocardial signs, inflammation surveillance, sugar metabolism, osteoporosis, liver fibrosis, self-immunist antibodies. The company has provided services to more than 8,200 medical treatment terminals in the country, including 1,279 clients in level III hospitals and 52.33% coverage in tria hospitals in the country.
Medical terminals in each country and region provide services and cumulatively achieve the marketing of chemical luminous immunoanalysis instruments. Figure 2: Product matrices in new industries.
30.19 per cent, the company's controlling shareholders and actual controllers. From July 1986 to September 1992, it worked in the Financial and Financial Department of the National Committee for the Accounting and Finance of the National Committee, as Deputy Head of the Financial and Financial Department and Head of the Securities Department of the Financial and Financial Department. From September 1992 to August 1993, it served as Assistant to the Director of the Shenzhen City Planning Department and was the first member of the National Securities Supervisory Board.
Commissioner in Shenzhen. Founded in August 1993 and President of the new industry; President and President of the new industry since 2004. Figure 3: Equity structure of the new industry (up to the third quarter of 2022)
The chairman and general manager of the company are the very core of the actual management of the business.