Summary of events: On 22 April, the company released its 2021 annual report, which achieved operating income during the reporting period.
\triangleright Shareholders net profit of 742 million yuan, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the same period; withholding of non-net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies Re-introduction of electricity: 24.6 per cent decline in electricity generation by 4q21, a single quarter of 19.13 million kWh
\triangleright is even below the level of 4q17 when the elevator power station was just launched; it benefits from improved water and pre-consumption capacity, with 1q22 generating 1.6% more power than in the previous period, and is back on the rise. But that increase lags behind the Utopia and the Bay.
Increases in water coming or associated with a rapid fall in electricity demand in Guangdong, both within Yunnan Province and in the excursion site. Electricity prices fluctuated and overall good: 4q21 received a single-quarter electric camp, according to measurements, amounted to 0.2454/ \triangleright
In view of the national “power shortage” during the season, we believe that there may be other disturbances. 1q22 degrees of electricity camp, 0.2254 yuan per kilowatt hour, 1. Electricity sector investment strategy for 2022: after closing,
On top of the big water and wind integration base, switch speed: on top of the last two of the seven power stations in Yunnan, 1.4 million kilowatts of the Toba power station have been cut off from the river and a dam is planned to be launched in May; 1.9 million.
The ancient hydroelectric plant in Wa has obtained a “bureau order” and plans to complete a review. Of the eight power stations in the Tibetan sector, the construction of two stations in Banda in thousands of kilowatts and Ancientology in 1.7 million kilowatts has been initiated, with plans to obtain a “bureau order”. The new energy division plans to invest 5 billion yuan in 2022 and to produce 1.3 million kilowatts in the course of the year.
Investment proposals: The company ' s electricity supply is expected to continue to be repaired if the demand for electricity continues to fall in the provinces of Pygmy and Penang, or if there is some pressure on electricity consumption and price trading; but the company ' s abundant cash flow can further reduce indebtedness and financial costs on the one hand, and can support its acceleration on the other.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.