The rise in electricity prices and the fall in financial costs are driving growth in performance, and new energy sources are expected to open up new growth space.
Proponent (first time) Taumong Works issued its annual 2021 report, which generated business income of $20.2 billion a year, a year-on-year increase.
The company published the first quarterly report of 2022 on the same day, which achieved income of $3.94 billion per quarter, an increase of 2.72 per cent in the same year: net profit on maternity was 742 million (with higher electricity prices and lower financial costs, leading to a rapid increase in net profit on maternity).
In 2021, 937.7 million kilowatt-hours of electricity went online, a decrease of 3.25 per cent from the same year, mainly due to the death of water in 2021 and the company's control of the “two” water levels of the Bay and Xiaoza power stations in order to ensure reliable supply of electricity in winter 2021 and spring 2022; the company's 2021 integration
Liang Yonan, because of the increase in the price of electricity traded in Yunnan market and the fact that the amount of electricity traded on the market was more than 65 per cent of the company ' s electricity generated; the firm ' s tight interest-bearing debt in 2021 and continued to optimize the debt balance
• Reduce financing by pre-positioning high-interest-stock interest-bearing liabilities through low-interest-rate funds, with annual financial costs of $3.375 billion, a decrease of 12.7 per cent over the year, based on the previous announcement on the completion of electricity generation in the first quarter of 2022 and the introduction of electricity in the first quarter of 2022.
This represents an increase of 1.61 per cent in the same year, mainly due to company utilities in early 2022. The financial target for the first quarter of 2022 was still positive. The Māori ratio for corporate sales in the first quarter of 2022 per cent: the cost rate for the period was 23.04 per cent, a decrease of 1.97 percentage points, including finance.
The price of electricity traded in Yunnan Province has risen significantly, and the price of electricity has been on the rise for a long time. Since 2017, under the constant expansion of energy-consuming industries such as aluminium and silicon, the power supply and demand situation in Yunnan has improved over the years, and the problem of water disposal has gradually subsided.
In March 2022, the provincial power plant reached an average exchange price, and in November 2021, the Yunnan Provincial Development and Change Commission issued a communication to eliminate the province-wide preferential electricity price policy for the electrolytic aluminium industry, which has now been extended to other high-energy sectors such as photovoltaics, lithium, etc.
The targets for the elimination of preferential electricity prices, the increase in the marketization of electricity, dual energy consumption control and clean energy consumption are to be put in place to see long-term upscaling of electricity prices in Yunnan Province. New energy development goals are clear, with 1.3 gw to be produced in 2022.
During the 14th century, the company planned to build a clean energy base of “two million kilowatts” in the Yunnan and Tibet sectors. Since 2021, the company has been active in the development of the “integrated wind and light water storage” and in 2021 completed its new energy approval (recording) of 3.87gw and began construction of 0.99gw.
According to the announcement of the 2022 New Energy Investment Plan, it is proposed to invest $5 billion in the development of new energy sources in 2022, with 15 new projects planned for start-up, with 1.3gw installed. The company relies on its water and electricity resources to develop new sources of energy, which are expected to open up new opportunities for growth.
During the 1450s, Yunnan's electricity prices are expected to continue to rise; new energy inputs are expected to rise below expectations; electricity prices on the Internet are revised downward; and new energy developments are not as fast as expected. Tao Yuwok graduated from China's University of Mines (Beijing) with more than 10 years of industry research experience and has long been working on environmentally friendly public use and downstream research in the industrial chain.
In January 2022, he joined China’s Galaxy securities. Sense, a master’s degree from the Beijing Chemical Industry University, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to conduct research in the environmental public sector.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.