Rresearchchand developmentcenter architecture optimization, regional release
In-depth reporting by the company 603369, the structure is optimized, the regional volume is optimized, and the proposed "brand + Channel" is a two-wheel drive for the advanced regions of the province.
A regional white wine company with a certain market awareness of its advantages in brands, channels, products, etc., but with increased competition in the provinces and the hold on the ocean rivers, it is not enough for me to develop.
It is their view that the present world has seen a gradual victory in product structure upgrading, with national income rising to 74% of the Biti, with the main product, Kaji Jiangsu Province, being the main consumer price belt for white wine, which has initially achieved large monomerization, and that there is still room for continuous upgrading of the structure of products of the present world in the future.
For more than two decades, companies have been working on product innovation, and now form the top, second, top, top, top of the world.
At the mid-to-high end, the high ravine is the complete product matrix for daily low-end liquor. Since the creation of the “state” brand in 2004, the national series of products has been the focus of corporate development. After more than a decade of cultivation, 2017-2019 showed a capacity for growth, with revenue rising to 74%.
The column has not been released as a high-end image product; it is a four-way, symmetrically accurate product of Kapan Jiangsu Province, and the main consumer of 300-600 yuan in price bands, with an initial monomerization; the new k series and yarns focus on extended consumer group development, with clear product strategic layouts.
The Nanjing region has grown into the largest market in the province.
Public and commercial consumption is rapidly taking over the mainstream. For a long time, companies have insisted on the distribution of the procurement channels, the transition from the Congress to the Business Council and the further development of new group clients, small to village councils, and the proportion of the health circulationa unit (%)
The courthouse, up to the 4s store, the mall, keeps the group buying channels growing. Through the group buying channel, the “nuclear chassis” is being promoted. Nanjing market has erupted in the midst of years of deep cultivation. In 2019, it was the first place in the province to outperform the company's Xiaoyan.
Looking ahead, the structure of the company’s products will continue to upgrade, and the developed regions of the province will start to grow. For a long time, Jiangsu has been growing at an overall economic level above the national average, with a significantly higher share of structures at the lower end of the province.
At the national level, the main consumption belt has now jumped to $300. With urbanization and rising per capita income, the provincial market for white wine will be expanded further, and the main consumption belt will continue to rise.
The big one will be accompanied by a gradual push for a $800-priced v series of product development and a continuous upgrading of product structures. National branding can be enhanced, channel profits fully secured, and the company is expected to grow rapidly in Nanjing under a strategy of full-scale tillage in the province, while at the same time growing rapidly in the economy.
• Catalysts for share prices: the main products are selling faster in the south.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
We recommend the following three things to the core logic of the present world:
The pace has accelerated, and it has now become the largest market in the province, and the main single item in Nanjing 2 and in the medium-to-long term, where the world's present-day channels in the province of Southern Sudan and Su have deepened further, the number of distributors has increased significantly, and the Nanjing model is likely to be replicated. Meanwhile, the world's present-day experimental layouts outside the province have led to the bridge.
The birth of the world’s origins from “cultural” marketing, long-term penetration of consumers’ minds, has now shaped the structure of the products in the sub-high-end white wine price belts in the province of Cabin Jiangsu. The bulk of the products are now monomerized.
The market believes that the rapid growth of the first two years of the present world has been the result of a proactive readjustment of the oceanic rivers in the province, that the current re-routing of the ocean rivers has been largely put in place, that the replacement of the 6+ in the province is about to be completed, and that improvements in marketing and promotion are evident, and that this has a stronger bearing on the present world.
In our view, the expansion of sub-high-end markets in Jiangsu Province, driven by rising consumption, has given both the present and the rivers greater room for growth. Moreover, the advantages of the present-day horizons lie mainly in the acquisition channels, which are wrong to the flat- levelling of the flow channels of the ocean rivers.
There is no positive competition between the current masters of the present world, which are located in a 400-dollar price belt, and the core 600-dollar single price belt. So, in our view, under the two-wheel drive model of the brand-plus channel, the rapid growth of the present world is long-term.
In 1997, the world's wine industry was founded in the home of Prime Minister Zhou Enlai, and it is located in the country's civilized towns and cities.
The company's main product is the white wine industry, which has three major brands: "National", "Fortune of the World", "Grows of the World" and "Crowd of the High School", which cover the lower end of the high school cycle, and which has been largely monolithic, of which four and paired, are the company's core products. For more than a decade, the company has been known for its "City culture" and relies on its glorification to open its visibility and capture core consumption collars through group purchasing.
Sleeves, driving the core “deck-in-the-chance.” At present, the company’s share of the intra-provincial market is second only to the ocean river, while the intra-provincial market is continuously plowed, attempts are made to configure the national structure of “1+2+4+n.” Figure 1: Overview of the twenty-year development of the present world
1.1 In the 1990’s, high groceries had a long history of bad business, and the former high groceries were in crisis. The world’s wine industry was preceded by Jiangsu Gogo wine factories. The high ginsoons began in West Han with a long history and a long history. The high groves were of good quality and were awarded by the People’s Government of Jiangsu Province in 1956.
The “Breathing First” flag has won prizes in various competitions, such as the “National Brand Wine” and the National Standard Sample of Fragrance. By 1996, however, the old brand had been difficult to adapt to market changes and its poor operation had led to the rebirth of a wine factory for the first time in 1.21996-2004: “The End of the World” brand.
With the support of the government, the wine factory received 30 million dollars to resume production, establish a working policy of “breathing the market for bold management, fighting for wisdom” and set up five management systems to plan for the development of new products. In August 1996, the brand of “the world of nature” came out of the trap, and it was fired in Nanjing, and then expanded gradually.
In 2000, President Su-min identified the brand as “continuing culture”, combining “continuing culture” with “drinking culture” in order to help the company develop an image and create a new era in the marketing of white wine culture.
In 2001, the white wine industry raised tax credits on a price-based basis.
In August 2004, the company launched a brand-new brand called “Nationality,” with a price of $480, which is basically in line with the price of oil and fluid, challenging the high-end white market in order to make a difference.
Cultural marketing attracts opinion leaders to promote brand image and cultural identity. In 2008, the country’s single item sales reached more than 500 million, rapidly growing into the company’s first single item, and in 2010, it broke out by 1 billion and was recognized by industry experts as “China’s creators of high-end white wine growth poles.”
In 2006, the company implemented a project for the improvement of quality brewing techniques, with a total investment of $250 million, which generated a huge response in the white industry and promoted large-scale technological changes aimed at improving the efficiency of the industry. In 2008, a total investment of $1.2 billion in technological improvements began, with the construction of a new packaging centre with an annual packaging capacity of 60,000 tons.
With a capacity of 15,000 tons, a 100,000-ton domestic maximum-capacity single-barrel tank area, and a high-quality brewing model that entered the top 10 in the industry. The mid- and high-end wine under the industry’s adjustment was hit, companies focused on the wedding dinner market.
At the end of 2012, the central government introduced a “eight-decree” policy, with a huge shock to the middle- and high-end white wine consumption market, and a short-term negative growth in corporate revenue. Under the leadership of the chairman, the company was transformed in a timely manner, shifting government consumption to the firm and actively seizing it.
By buying resources, the company’s advantages are further enhanced. At the same time, the world’s interests respond to the trend of public consumption, adjusting its development, focusing on the provincial weddings market, proposing a “happy celebration, the world’s end”, and making the wedding products the driving force for the company’s continued development.
1.5 2015-present: Innovation change, back to high-growth "brand plus channels" driven by rapid growth in corporate revenue. Industry production inertia began to grow at a high point in 2016, slides, the white market is entering a period of structural prosperity, consumers shift to consumption habits of “less drinking, good drinking” and development.
In 2019, the V9 series was further launched as an image product of the company’s future high-end white market. In terms of channels, the company continued to push for intra-provincial flattenization, the elimination of marketing centres in 2018, and increased market response.
In 2020, the company will move into a “price-fixing” model, which will move to a fast-track and long-term, with a new goal of “twice over five years.” 2. Core advantages: continuous upgrading of branding differences, group purchasing-led distribution channels
2.1 The management has long been in office, the employees are working together, the management of the company has long been stable, and the industry has been judged accurately. The management’s choice of a track for corporate development is crucial, and a decisive decision-making in a sufficient number of prejudgements is a necessary condition for the company’s long-term growth.
In 2000, he had been Chairman of the Board of Directors, experienced in management, and coherent in corporate development strategies. At the same time, he understood the white and wine industry well, and continued to focus on the development of shopping channels, fully recognizing the importance of developing opinion leaders; and, in the face of industry differentiation and rising consumption, accurately grasping local and high-end opportunities, using the “nationality” brand to speed up the process.
In 2010, more than 200 managerial, marketing, technical cadres were added to the stock-incentive by the world ' s liquor industry, with early completion of the employee-in-stock scheme and a high share-in-stock ratio effectively stimulating the workforce ' s critical mass. At present, the company effectively controls the People ' s Government in the county of Suhuai, with the company ' s executives holding 7.83% of the total shares, and the core employees pass through.
In April 2020, the company again proposed a scheme of equity incentives to grant 12.5 million stock options to no more than 360 managers and core staff, accounting for two-fold of the company’s development goals.” The new crown epidemic had a greater impact on the company’s performance, with some adjustments to the rules.
2.2 Brand differences are positioned, “culturally” deep into the consumer mind, brand differences are positioned to meet the needs of different consumer groups.
In 2004, the brand concept was created as “a big deal” and China’s high-end medium-grade white wine, with a prime price of $300-1500, while the target consumption scene was invited for a political and business dinner. In 1996, the brand concept was created as “happy things, drink the world.” The brand concept is “happy things, drink the world.” The product price was set at $100-400, and the consumer scene was targeted for a party.
The Gorges, which locates the real Sioux old wine at a price of less than $100, focus on daily household consumption. The lower three brands of high school correspond to the concepts of “country”, “home” and “friendship” and meet the needs of key social players, middle-class families, middle- and lower-income groups in various contexts.
"Currently" exports, creating the world's origins. The marketing master, Kotler, once said, "From product to customer to humanism, will be a big trend in the world's marketing development." Today, in terms of material wealth, consumers are increasingly interested in the cultural content of consumption, focusing on the quality and tone of consumption. White wine, though a regular guest on the table, is no longer merely serving the physiological needs of people.
It's a vehicle for human interaction, where emotional communication and communication are achieved in a cup-for-cheap exchange to satisfy psychological needs. From the day the brand was created, the world's origins have been at the heart of the brand and are devoted to the dissemination of the deep cultural roots of the brand. “Fate” is the treasure of Chinese tradition, and it is the best and most sincere emotion of Chinese people; alcohol is the blood of national culture, and it is the New York language for emotional communication.
“Cultural” is an inherent consumer-friendly advantage, especially in the consumption of brands. While the world’s current culture of corporate white wine is fully visible, it creates deep-rooted brands that effectively combine cultural values with emotional needs and become a fashionable, representative, successful “world of the world.”
In 2015, for the first time in the world, cultural marketing was introduced as the six-in-one project, creating a good brand of marriage, promoting a commercial model, developing an individualized product, refining a group of material carriers, delivering a loud sound, and building a cultural experience park.
Visibility; development of high-end white wine that is more attractive to young people; active exploration of the blue sea market; smooth opening of wine and silver, a combination of wine storage, tourism, wine experience, personalization, etc., to create cultural experiences. Innovative marketing of culture is an important initiative for the world to compete in the head, to spread the culture of the world, and to showcase the world's wine.
Culture and proximity provide an important platform.
The company has been working on product creation since the creation of the worldly world brand in 1996: a new brand of “nationality” was created in 2004 to challenge the high-end white market: the first series of national v was listed in 2011, with full product coverage from low-end to high-end products; and the national crystal V series was launched again in 2018 to “better”
At the moment, the company's product matrix owners are to include high-end national v series, sub-high-end national k series, middle-end present-day collection series, low-end high ravine series, and so on.
High-end liquor prices lead, medium-end prices follow, and prices are arranged at intervals. The Blues of the Ocean River Dreams of the "Estate" v series are m6, m9, which is further elevated to high-end wines over and above the competitive ones due to the introduction of Crystal V series in 2018. High-end medium white wines (40 degrees) are used by the world's masters, and therefore price prices are often at a high and medium level between the ocean rivers and the standard products.
The new k series is a structural upgrade based on the old k series, where k5 prices are higher than quadruple, occupying the blue-m3-m6 price gap, while k3 prices are higher than the blue-m3-m3 price belt. Middle-end products such as single-opening, the world-end-shelter collection series are mainly on the blue of the sky and the middle of the two-trenched series in the ocean.
Intruding products such as soft, light-to-sea blues. High-trenched series to low-end series such as high-trenched, small-trenched, and slightly low-priced. Figure 6: Price belts between the world's horizons and competitions
Since 2013, the share of corporate income from products of more than $100 (Tea category and above) has risen steadily, from 57% to 87%, and the income has been rising at an accelerated rate. The main source of revenue has been the rise in the outbreak of products of national origin, which rose from 46% in 2014 to 74% in mid-2020, becoming the company ' s brand.
The core of power. In the national series, the four-way, symmetrical, one-size-fits-up, precision-placed, and fast-disbursing, provides the basis for high-end breakthroughs in the v series. During the industry’s deeply divided window, the company actively takes over the secondary high-end and higher-level gold track, in line with the “Empowered Layout V System, making a big old k system, tactical additions to the new k and yak” system.
Product strategy, clear brand class hierarchy, focus on mainstream prices, precise cut-off market segment. Figure 7: Income from products over $100 in the present world continues to rise.
2.4 The channels are saturated, the distribution of the orders of the regiment is saturated, the channels of 2.4.1 are flattened, the controls are strengthened, and the suppliers 1+1 are in a position to promote the downfall of the channel within the province.
At the end, the "Producer 1+1 Deep Co-ordination" of the Consumers and Promoted Dealers is the "Producer 1+1." It is the complete control of sales policy, cost investment, and terminal management. The distributors are primarily responsible for distribution, maximizing efficiency in the joint development of the market, and at the same time achieving full-scale marketing control.
In the first half of 2020, the company had a cumulative network of over 80,000 subscribers, of which over 60,000 were in the provinces, over 15,000 in the outlying markets, and over 3,000 in the triads, basic infrastructure in the towns and villages of the provinces, integrating the regions, eliminating marketing centres, and flatening the structure of the provincial organization. Until the market was introduced in 2014, the current world was at the provincial and local levels.
The city is divided into 13 marketing centres. As a result of the regional development gaps in the province, the company consolidated 13 marketing centres into six regions in 2016, enabling strong regions to drive the growth of vulnerable areas together. In 2018, the company abolished the Subei region, redrawd the provincial regions, and eliminated the local marketing centres, which were directly linked to the regional managers by the city and county offices, where marketing decision points were taken.
2.4.2 The long-term build-up of group purchasing advantages is evident, and channels are active, insisting on deep-farming channels to capture consumer leaders. Group purchasing, which drives the core plate, is a central element in the development of sub-high-end white wine.
The current world is dominated by government holdings, intra- and intra-provincial purchasing of services to government agencies, and by consumption-led spending by consumer leaders, which in 2012 was influenced by a sharp decline in public spending, and other businesses, which considered mass consumption to be the main source of the future, turned to the development of a channel of communication, but companies still insist on group purchasing, buying from a political group to a business group, and buying services.
In recent years, the company has further developed its acquisition channels, opening up new ones, reaching the village councils, health clinics, 48 shops, malls, and maintaining the continuous growth of its acquisition channels.
As a target product, the profits of the channel are about 5-6% higher than those of the blue sky, and the same is true of the blue m3. In recent years, companies have flattened their layouts, further increasing their end profits, and higher channel profits have helped to stimulate distributors.
Proactiveness also attracts more distributors to participate in the construction of corporate channels, leading to rapid release of the channels of circulation. 3.1 Consumption in the province has increased strongly, with a sustained expansion at the lower end, benefiting from rising consumption and rapid economic growth, and the continuous expansion of the white wine market in Jiangsu province.
In addition, Jiangsu has a significantly higher per capita income level than the national average, and its income effects are reflected in the fact that per capita consumption of food, tobacco and alcohol in Jiangsu province is also far higher than the national average.
Each year, Jiangsu's white wine market grew rapidly at an average annual rate of 13.78%, faster than the same period, with gdp, disposable residential intakes, and residential prices. In 2019, the Jiangsu wine market was about 40 billion, assuming a 7% expansion over the next five years (taking into account gdp growth and inflation factors), and the Jiangsu wine market is expected to reach its size by 2025.
Figure 21: Investment in fixed assets in Jiangsu is increasing at a faster rate than in the country as a whole
Figure 23: The size of the White Wine market in Jiangsu province, where the main price of white wine has shifted, and where consumption is significantly higher than in the country, is in line with the upgrading of the structure of products of the present world. Due to the high level of economic development, consumption has increased rapidly, and consumption of white wine in Jiangsu province is better than in the country.
The prices have moved from around $200 to over $300, and the more economically developed sub-Saharan region to over $400. According to research from sources, the sub-suppliers of North Sudan are either supplementary or self-drinking, the sub-suppliers of 200 are charged to ordinary people, the sub-suppliers have performed very well, and the main segments of the consumer scene, such as commerce, banquets, have been raised to between $300 and 600, so in 2017,
According to the Jiangsu consumption structure, the consumption of both high-end and sub-high-end alcohol is higher than the national level, and consumption is ahead of the upward trend. 70% of the income of this world comes from the national series, with prices falling above $300, and in recent years a single-supplier outbreak has benefited from the consumption of Jiangsu Bai.
Figure 24: The price of white wine in Jiangsu province has moved from $200 to more than $300.
According to the wine industry, in 2018, the Jiangsu market station was about 3.5-40 billion in size, 3 billion in grain, 1.5 billion in size and 1.5 billion in size.
At about 800 million, the size of the hill ranged from 700 million, to 300 million in Kensang and Kukui, less than 100 million in the wells, 11 billion in the river, 3.5 billion in the world, about 5 billion in the other sizes, and some 38 billion in other brands. The blue of the ocean's dreams in the high end market of Jiangsu sub is the leader, followed by the series of nations of the world.
In recent years, with the expansion of the ocean’s nationalization and the continuing decline in the share of income in the provinces, the world is expected to continue to benefit. In 2012, the ocean’s “New Jiangsu market” strategy was proposed, but it was affected by three public consumption.
At the end of 2015, with the recovery of the industry, the open-door development strategy, whether in terms of staff arrangements or resources, was tilted in favour of the province. In 2015-2019, the compound income growth rate in the province was only 2.16%, down from 9.09% in the same period, and in 2019, for the first time, out-of-town income exceeded the province.
Two main monoliths, growing faster in many parts of the province. With the rapid expansion and potential of offshore operations in the Ocean River, the future is still the focus of growth, while the provinces are still dominated by steady growth, so competition in Jiangsu Province is relatively relaxed, and the present world is expected to continue from this perspective: income in the Ocean River Province continued to decline to 46% in 2019.
In recent years, income growth has been higher than in- and out of the province. 3.3 The Nanjing model is replicable, seeking more power in the province. Nanjing’s market has been rapidly infiltrated, growing into the largest market in the province.
Starting in 2016, the company began to expand its distributors in the Nanjing region, using a direct distribution model, to speed up the distribution of the group buying channels. After years of fine-tuning, the Nanjing market was led by opinion leaders.
The atmosphere is strong, with the outbreak of the national series of monoliths, the income of 2017-2018 grew at a rate of over 50% for the second year in a row, and in 2019 it took over the Huai An region to become the largest market in Jiangsu province.
In Jiangsu province, the mainstream price belt has been upgraded to 300-600 kyats, similar to the Nanjing market, providing a good environment for the development of the sub-prefectural high-end state-of-the-state series of products. While the sub-prefectures buy less markets than the provincial capital Nanjing region, the sub-prefectures account for a higher share of business consumption, and companies are also expected to take advantage of the gang procurement channels.
From 2019, the world began to grow in both districts, and the number of distributors grew significantly, with the intention of copying the Nanjing model and promoting South and Central Sudan as a new source of revenue in the province.
As a bridgehead for development outside the province, Xu County is at the crossroads of Shandong, Henan, Anhui and Jiangsu. It is the heart of the region and is the bridgehead of the three provinces to which the present world is responsible. Although sales in the six regions are the smallest, in 2019 the Xiaohai region experienced the highest increase of 68% in revenue.
As a result of the epidemic in early 2020, the company registered a 4.65% decline in the first half of the year, and the Huaihai region is the only region of the provincial market that has experienced a reverse growth, with the company’s accelerated deployment outside the province. That is why the Huaihai region is strategically important to the outlying region, and is expected to continue its rapid growth trend as the provinces expand.
3.4 Exterior openings have accelerated, leading the way in setting up the Shandong market, where the share of out-of-the-world income has been low and has steadily increased under accelerated channels. The company has set 2018 as the national year of development. It proposes an overall out-of-provincial market strategy for “focus breakthroughs, perimeter radiation, stairwell development, rolling development”.
Previously, the share of the company ' s out-of-town income had been about 5%, well below the share of the same province ' s known Liquor River, and growth had been slow. Since 2018, the company had continued to recruit 226 new dealers outside the province, an increase of 83%. In 2019, out-of-town revenue grew by more than 50%, leading to a significant increase in its out-of-town share.
Focusing on the Shandong market, which seeks to build a second Jiangsu. In 2019, the corporate strategy for out-of-country development was adjusted from 2+5+n to 1+2+4, which refers to Shandong Province, a leading out-of-town strategic market, where products are dominated by a collection of the world’s present-day treasures, with the goal of positioning for the second Jiangsu city.
At the industry level, the market for wine in Shandong province is more than $40 billion, and it is among the highest in the country; at the company level, wine in Shandong province is dominated by urban liquor companies, with small headships, with small and scattered competition patterns and relatively easy entry of foreign brands; and consumption habits, with high levels of alcohol consumption among Shandong white wine consumers.
The fragrance has a general preference for the fragrance, which has a “gang-su-su-su-su-su-su-su,” while the 42-degree-medium-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-su-si-su-su-su-si-su-si-su-si-su-su-si-su-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-su-su-si-si-si-si-si-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-s-s-s-Su-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-
As Jiangsu Liquor Company, brand power continued to grow, driven by the nation line, and in 2019 the Shandong market achieved a sales income of about $900 million, which doubled.
In 2019, in each of the regions of the market outside the province of the present year, Shandong, Shanghai, and Beijing were about to break out of 100 million yuan, with more than 30 million districts comprising Henan, Anhui, Jiangxi, Zhejiang, Hu.
In the first half of 2020, according to the research, sales in Shandong, Shanghai, Beijing, Henan, and Anhui regions continued to grow in double digits, and in Anhui, Zhejiang, Hunan, Guangdong, Hubei, and Guangxi regions, recorded sales revenues of over $30 million.
High-speed growth of 50% + 100% + each. With the formation of the regional markets of the few hundred degrees out of the province, the current out-of-town market is about to change in quality as it breaks through the critical period of development. 3.5 The present-day historical goal is high, with a "twice" of the five years expected.
Accelerating the sense of fragmentation, through self-pressure to capture the window of famed wine recovery, while at the same time reflecting the firm’s confidence in growth, seeks to achieve a level of growth that goes beyond the industry’s average. Companies’ ability to achieve their targets in the past few years has accelerated their product structure following the epidemic.
At the same time, corporate performance growth targets are accelerating year by year, demonstrating firm confidence in performance growth. The epidemic posed a major challenge for companies at the beginning of the year, with revenues falling by 9.37% in the first quarter, growth recovering but growing at a lower rate in the second quarter, and overall performance falling in the first half of the year.
Growth was 21 per cent in the three quarters alone and 2 per cent in the previous three quarters. In the breakdown of products, the three-quarter income of the Tai+ product list increased by 37.6 per cent, the only positive product category in the previous three quarters. The special a and a group, though still in a negative overall rate, achieved positive performance in the three quarters alone, showing a strong consumer resilience.
See that the epidemic has contributed to the optimization of the company ' s product structure, with revenues concentrated in more than $100. From 1 July, the company moved up to a national branding component to dominate the price of the product, with a significant increase in revenue growth expected in the second half of the year.
Profit forecast and valuation Cost forecast: we expect the combined sales and management cost rates for the period 2020-2022 to reach 1) sales cost rate: the sales effect of a sustained increase in sales revenue, taking into account the company ' s accelerated marketing layout since 2019
We chose eight a-stocked white wine companies as comparable companies, with an average of 47 x pe and an average of 2.82 x in 2021, taking into account the higher growth potential of the present world for the next three years, and we gave the present world a 45xpe in 2021, and we selected eight a-stock listed white wine companies as comparable companies, with an average of 12 x in 2021.
In view of the higher growth potential of the world's future three years, we give the world's current year 2021 12xps, corresponding to a reasonable estimate of each share, that the White and Wine industry in Jiangsu has increased its competition and that more than 95 per cent of the company's revenues come from Jiangsu, and that if the province and the interior of the province are to invest in the Jiangsu market, the province will be able to raise the market's sales policy.
Exploiting, companies either face a slowdown in income growth or lower short-term performance due to higher costs being invested, out-of-town market openings are poorly managed, leading to a contribution of about 74 per cent to the revenue of major products represented by national brands, which start out of the country as national brand power rises.
In the process, when key markets are paved, the country’s branding power will be undermined by poor management of the channels, which will lead to more uncertainty about the growth of its revenues. In 2020, the sudden emergence of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic led to near stagnation in the end-use of the catering industry, wedding dinners, holidays, etc.
There is a temporary impact on operations, depending on the progress, duration, and implementation of prevention and control policies. Although the country’s new coronary epidemic has been effectively controlled, the situation abroad remains critical, and it is not yet clear whether the outbreak will occur again in late 2020 and early 2021 as the weather cools.
Ma, Ph.D. in Economics, Xiamen University, asset assessor, five years of experience in securities studies, work in institutional marketing, food and beverage research, etc., in the industry of white wine, leisure halogen products, leisure snacks, meat products, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.