The reasons for the report are: performance ratings, showing faster growth in the company’s geese effect in supporting the real economy. Corporate-type loans, driven by areas such as inclusion, green, technology, utilities, infrastructure, have increased by 16.77% to $16.15 trillion.
In the area of investment, business banks have been active in supporting the implementation of the national development strategy, with a rapid increase in the size of government debt investment, which has grown by between 17.49 and 8.72 trillion yuan, and by 12.49 and 11.85 trillion yuan.
The net interest differential follows the industry’s narrowness, and the deposit cost rate is subject to periodicization. The net interest differential for business banks in 2023 was between 31bp and 1.61% lower than in 2022. At rhythm, the q1 heavy price was more affected by the positive season, with a reduction of 15bp, q2 and q3 by 5bp, and q4 by a drop in interest rates on stock housing loans, with net interest differentials of 6bp.
In addition, the increased rigidity of the deposits also puts pressure on interest differentials, as a result of an increase in the ratio of business and individual time deposits, with the overall cost of deposits in business banks rising from 14 bp to 1.89 per cent in 2022. Income from intermediate operations fell as a result of the market.
\triangleright reform of fund-raising rates affects, among other things, the loss of income from personal and private banking, public finance, and asset trusteeship. On the other hand, companies continue to favour the economy, guarantee and commit operating rates and other revenues.
At the operational level, as a result of the slowdown in macroeconomic and residential consumption, the increase in settlement, investment banks, and bank card charges has slowed down. > Assets have been of stable medium quality and have been structurally divided. The business bank default rate was 1.36 per cent at the end of 2023, down from 2bp at the end of 2022, keeping it at its lowest level in recent years.
On the other hand, in retail, as a result of the slowdown in residential consumption and housing markets, credit card and housing lending rates have risen and personal lending rates have increased.
In the case of bad disposal, the company has increased its collection and recovered $14,915 million in loans written off, slowed down the lifting and adjusted the write-off rate accordingly to maintain a stable provision coverage. As a result, the return on assets is expected to shrink further, as the value of the deposit is reduced and the pricing of interest is advanced.
Debt end-cost rates are expected to improve, thus buffering downward pressure on the spread of interest, and companies are expected to continue to receive narrow but slower net interest differentials. The Division’s client base is good, risks are more thorough, it remains resilient at a time of macroeconomic slowdown, and the quality of corporate assets is expected to be stable, covered for the first time, with an “upscaling” rating.
Taking advantage of the geese effect and achieving faster growth in size, the total assets of business banks grew by 12.84 per cent to 44.70 trillion yuan per year in 2023, significantly faster than the overall level of commercial banks (as shown in figure 1), reflecting the leading geese effect of companies in supporting the real economy.
Since the second half of figure 12022, the total assets of business banks have grown faster than those of commercial banks as a whole. In terms of loans, companies have maintained a stable and manageable asset quality base, and have made efforts to improve the compatibility of credit structures with the real economy and to increase their support to the real economy.
With regard to public loans, business and industry banks continue to increase their support in the priority areas of manufacturing, strategic and emerging industries, green finance, inclusive finance, rural renewal, and actively support major projects such as roads, railways, airports, urban rail transport, new urbanization, etc.
Area-focused transport projects such as the Long Triangle, the Bay of Australasia and the Western Region; 21.01 per cent increase in loans for the services sector, mainly in the areas of investment and asset management, enterprise headquarters, parks and business complex management services; and 18.70 per cent increase in manufacturing loans, mainly for new generation information technology, collections
Lead enterprises and priority projects in high-end manufacturing, such as electrical circuits, new energy vehicles, large-scale refining; 28.76 per cent increase in loans for electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply, mainly in terms of improving the alignment with the restructuring of the national industry, increasing support for clean energy transformation, achieving balanced growth in the areas of coal electricity supply and clean energy; water, environment and public provision
Management loans grew by 13.81%, mainly to major projects in the areas of new urbanization, irrigation facilities, and urban public affairs.
With regard to retail loans, companies have strengthened business integration and promoted individual credit lending products, contributing to the recovery of consumption through such initiatives as precision selection of customers, proactive pre-credit, on-line real-time lending, and multiple scenes. Consumer loans and business loans have increased by more than 40 per cent. Housing loans have fallen by 2.23 per cent on average, as a result of falling demand in the housing market and early repayments.
On the investment front, in 2023, the Bank of Commerce and Industry actively supported the implementation of the national development strategy, responding to the dynamic pace of fiscal activity, plus the economic strength of the large service entities, with a rapid increase of between 17.49 and 8.72 trillion yuan in investment in government bonds.
The scale of financial investment has increased by 12.49 per cent to $11.85 trillion on a year-on-year basis. 2. Net interest differentials, as industries narrow, raise the cost of deposits q4 as interest rates on stock housing loans fall, and net interest differentials are reduced by 6 bp.
Figure 3 Business bank net interest spreads have gradually narrowed, from 46bp to 4.23 per cent, owing, on the one hand, to the strengthening of housing market support policies and the sharper decline in interest rates on individual housing loans, and, on the other hand, to the higher level of investment in relatively low-interest operating loans, which account for a lower percentage of individual loans than the increase.
The profit rate. The average return on corporate loans fell by 29bp to 3.57%, and the discounted return on notes by 32bp to 1.47%.
At the end of the deposit, in 2023, state-owned banks, led by business and industry banks, took the lead in a number of downscalings of interest rates on term deposits, reducing the average cost of individual deposits. As a result of supply-side constraints, the growth of business demand deposits has been slower and the cost of business demand deposits has risen. In addition, the weakening of business investment needs has contributed to the periodicization of business deposits and has contributed to higher cost rates.
The impact of the increase in the share of business and individual time deposits (as shown in figure 5) has been an increase in the overall cost of business banks from 14 bp to 1.89 per cent in 2022 (as shown in figure 6).In 2023, the net income from business bank charges and commissions decreased by between 7.71 per cent and $11,357 million (as shown in table 3).
On the one hand, owing to capital market fluctuations, changes in investor risk preferences and changes in fund-raising rates, there has been a decline in income from personal and private banking, public finance and asset hosting, among other factors. On the other hand, the Department of Public Administration continues to favour the economy, with lower guaranteed and committed operating rates resulting in lower income.
The impact of the slowdown in residential consumption, the settlement of settlements, investment banks, bank card charges, and the slowdown in growth.
Implementation, enhancement of top-level risk management design, improvement of systems such as comprehensive risk management requirements, establishment of an improved risk officer management system, consolidation of risk management three lines of responsibility, and improvement of overall risk management effectiveness. At the end of 2023, business banks had a non-performing loan rate of 1.36 per cent, a decrease of 2bp from the end of 2022, maintaining their lowest level in recent years
The ratio of loans of concern to loans is 1.85 per cent, down by 10bp from the end of 2022, and is at a low level in recent years. The ratio of default rates of business banks to loan of concern remains low in figure 7 and the ratio of overdue loans to loans of concern is low in figure 8
On the public side, the firm’s clients are well-based, well-regulated, poorly judged and dealt with in a timely manner, with an overall negative rate of 15 bp to 1.81%. Among these, the higher levels of poor manufacturing, rental and commercial services, real estate, wholesale retail, etc., have declined.
On the retail side, benefiting from a good customer base, the rate of poor individual lending by business and industry banks remains low. Structurally, macro-factory influences have been slightly polarized. At the end of 2023, the rate of non-performing individual loans rose by 10 bp to 0.70 per cent (as shown in table 5), mainly as a result of the slowdown in residential consumption and housing markets, and the credit card and housing loan rates have risen.
The growth in corporate size is expected to slow down, driven by a more balanced credit base. Interest-reduction effects are phased in in the context of heavy pricing, pressure below interest differentials, and firm net interest differentials are expected to continue to moderate but narrow.
At the macro level, the economy is over-expected downside or the housing market is significantly lower, with the weak areas and the quality of housing loan assets facing worsening pressures. The net interest gap is clearly reduced to lower operating income, and the firm’s downward pressure is likely to increase if the interest rate on loans drops sharply.
Increased deposit periodicization: As the deposit is heavily priced, the deposit reduction effect will be reflected and the cost rate is expected to decrease. However, if the deposit is further and significantly increased, the savings cost will become more pressured to squeeze the net difference. Appendix: projected values in three sets of statements
The rate of increase is based on the pre-retroactivity base, which was adjusted retroactively in 2023 on the same year basis in the summary table on the first page.Symposium, which uses data information of legal compliance, carefully draws conclusions and produces the present report independently and objectively, does not have any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.