Revenues picked up slightly less than expected.
During the first half of the year, the country ' s total volume of courier operations was accumulated at 1,732 million, an increase of 30.7 per cent over the same period; the total revenue received was $21,812 million, an increase of 27.2 per cent over the same period. The company was burdened by the problem of grass-roots points in the first quarter, with income growth of only 6.95 per cent and income growth recovered by 13.41 per cent in the second quarter.
All right, all three costs total $293 million, an increase of just 2.09 per cent compared to the previous year, which was less than the growth rate of the harvest.
In May, the company entered into a joint venture agreement with Hong Kong-based companies to purchase 61.87% of its shares.
It is a mature and growing provider of international freight forwarder services, with air and maritime freight forwarders at its core, providing warehousing, distribution, customs clearance, contracts and supporting logistics services to clients. It now has corporate entities in 17 countries and territories around the world, with 52 worldwide.
Self-built sites, covering more than 150 countries and more than 2.000 international routes. Through this acquisition, companies can assist in the construction of local management and operations teams that have developed for many years, with experience in the relevant industry, with the ability to deploy international overseas networks, transport backbones and gateways.
Building the network base for corporate internationalization and laying the pre-emptive edge for competition abroad. Quality of services is constantly being optimized, effective complaint rates are continuously improving compared to the previous year.
According to the data published on the National Postal Service website, the average number of effective complaints filed by companies between January and June 2017 decreased significantly, and the level of company services increased significantly.
Based on its own hub trans-shipment centre and flat network of end-units, the company actively expands the terminal network, optimizes network construction, continuously improves network coverage and density, improves timeliness and improves the quality of service. By the end of last year, the company had completed 62 self-camp hub trans-shipment centres nationwide, plus
There are 2,593 allies, 37,713 terminals, and 96.10 per cent coverage in cities above the county level. Companies cover 113 routes in cities, with a cumulative number of 1,373 routes open; the company ' s air network is a full network transport vehicle Central Asia, Europe, the Americas, Australia and Korea ' s Japan Express line product, which provides fast access to major overseas markets.
The company placed a high priority on informationization, resulting in industry leading the Internet information technology platform, including the “King Kong system”, “Rohan system”, “Roaders system”, “Managing the cockpit system”, “gps vehicle surveillance system”, and “gis auxiliary sorting system”, which cut across business processes such as collection, transit, dispatch, passenger service, etc.
Information monitoring, tracking and resource mobilization for the Quick-Treat Life Week have been largely achieved in all aspects of day-to-day management such as financial closure, human resources, etc., and have contributed to the enhancement of the delivery network and the quality of services.
Given corporate-market dominance, with its own aviation advantages, short-term performance is still hampered by the issue of alliances, covering it for the first time, giving an “uptake” rating. Business growth is not as fast as expected, with the risk of falling unit prices for couriers.
The Institute’s sales team, whose authors are either qualified in securities investment consultancy or have considerable professional competence, ensures that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.