In November 2018, the company experienced a fall in sales speed. In November, the amount of company sales and the area of sales were reduced by the same amount as in November.
Corporate sales grew at a negative rate in a single month, mainly as a result of the higher base during the same period last year, and corporate sales as a whole remained more resilient.
In the five cities of Jiaji and Taiwon, six new land projects were acquired. The company's land acquisition amounted to 6.7 billion square metres per month, or 53% of the equity in the area. Although the company's land acquisition projects were concentrated in two-line cities and three hot spots, cost control was effective, with a single-month floor price of just 456 yuan per square metre.
The monthly total cost of land acquisition in the first-line, second-line, third-line cities was 47.8%, 41.6%, 4% less: 187.5 billion yuan, 8% less than the same: 6252 yuan per square metre on average. The company, as a land-head with a conglomerate background, had a strong advantage in the financing environment.
▪ Investment proposals: Paulie's estates have been active in recent years, and there are plenty of land reserves, which provide a solid basis for companies to expand their sales in the future with a slight drop in sales growth and investment costs.
Low position 2018-11-08 Strong corporate background to help companies access brand premiums and lower-cost finance, upgrading public sector 2, Poly Property (600048): performance
3. Poly Property (600048): sales policy in September, etc.; changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business winds; sales at a higher rate; investments at a relatively robust level
Insurance (personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.): Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: monetization of sheds does not meet expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board