The company published three quarterly reports in 2018. In January-September, the company achieved business income of $94.9 billion, an increase of 25.7 per cent over the previous year, and realized a net return profit of $9.6 billion.
In the first three quarters, sales were 30.36 billion yuan, or 45.9 per cent more than in the previous quarter, representing an increase of 2,0.25 million square metres.
Structuredly, the first two-line city contract was about 77% in the last three quarters, and the advantages of deep-farming one-second line and core urban clusters are evident. We believe that corporate sales are rising in reverse, against a backdrop of high-pressure regulatory policies, reflecting firm’s strong competitive edge and precision strategic layout in second-line cities.
There is greater stability and certainty in the company’s sales over the entire industry. East’s financial and intellectual booms continue to sustain solid land reserves at a steady pace.
In January-September, the company added 2,456 million square metres, slightly higher than the sales area of 2,025 million square metres, of which one- or two-line urban expansion accounted for 75 per cent, a further increase over the first half of the year. In terms of land value, the total value of the extension project was $163.6 billion, representing 54 per cent of sales over the same period, slightly below the historical average.
At the same time, the balance of business is sound. (Not taking into account both ongoing projects and the marketable portion of completed projects.) In aggregate, the company maintains a cautious and positive balance of rhythm and is well-sustainable, while the company is rich in soil and available for sale.
The value of the goods is enough to support the company’s growth in sales over the next two to three years.
In the first three quarters, the company’s overall Māori rate was 32.7%, a slight decline from the previous six months, but a slight increase of about 1.6 percentage points. We expect that the decline in Māori rates is not a trend, and that the Māori rate will remain around 34% throughout the year.
The reason for the higher rate of net return profits than the increase in revenue is that the Māori rate rose by 4.6% compared to the same period last year, while the current Māori rate was only the effect of the increase over the same period last year. This period coincides with the high Māori rate during the same period last year, so that the impact of the increase in the share of gains and losses by a few shareholders is evident.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, the research assistant in the investment of Sky-Eye real estate industry will present an overview.
Qinghua University has a strong civil engineering major, a two-degree law degree, three years of work in the real estate industry, a first-level registered builder, and a middle-level real estate economist.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies