In September 2018, the company signed a contract for 2.37 million square metres, an increase of 52 per cent over the previous year; the contract was 36.880 billion yuan, a 68 per cent increase in the sales in September.
This is 68 per cent long, with a growth rate of up to a single month since February 18 years, with a major increase in sales, both in single-month sales and in average prices, and an increase in sales space and average prices, respectively, which is expected to accelerate in the fourth quarter of the year, with companies still growing more resiliently.
In September, the company acquired nine new land projects in Shanghai, Tianjin, Xian, Chengdu, Lanzhou, Chengzhou, Taibara, Changde, and hot spots, and three cities. The company built 2.3 million square metres a month, a 26% decline in average rights.
The average price of the single-month floor in September was $5,428 per square metre, a decline of 16 per cent in the same year. The total cost of land taken by the company in September was 52.0 per cent, 44.3 per cent and 3.7 per cent in the first, second and third-line cities, respectively, from a cumulative total of $16,2.4 billion, an increase of 12 per cent in the same year: the average floor cost was $6615 per square metre.
A stable growth in sales, maintenance of average land prices as a leading property company with a strong background, and a strong advantage in a tight financing environment. Investment advice: Poly property has been active in recent years, and land reserves have been abundant, expanding future sales to companies.
2 Poly Property (600048): Performance lays a solid foundation. Corporate strategic layout cores of cities, product location is accurate, while companies meet expectations, financing is ahead of industry.
A strong corporate background can help companies to obtain brand premiums and lower-cost funds, upgrade public policies, etc.; changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks (staff changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.); exchange rate volatility risks; and monetization of sheds is not as expected.
Figure 1: Monthly sales of Paulie property stock (millions of square metres) and acceleration: monthly sales of Paulie property stock (millions of dollars) and speed of increase
Figure 5: Accumulated average sales price (in yuan/pm) and speed of increase in Paulie real estate.