CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
Jiangsu Hengli Hydraulic (601100 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Recovery weaker-than-expected; Rich valuation along
HOLD (Maintain)
with earnings risk
Target Price:
RMB64.00
(Previous TP
RMB86.00)
Hengli's planned production volume remained relatively weak in Feb, due to the
Up/Downside:
-10%
sluggish downstream demand and more time needed to digest the inventory of
Current Price:
RMB71.39
hydraulic pump and valve. We expect the recovery this year will likely be weaker
than expectations and we see downside risk to the consensus earnings. We took
China Capital Goods
our earnings forecast in 2021E/22E/23E down by 6%/12%/13% to reflect our
more conservative assumptions on sales volume. We think the current valuation
Wayne Fung, CFA
is rich at 33x 2022E P/E. We revised our TP down from RMB86 to RMB64, based
on 30x 2022E P/E which is equivalent to the 3-year historical average (previous
target: 42x 2021E P/E). Maintain HOLD. We will be more constructive if we see
(1) a meaningful recovery of pump & vales sales; and (2) further progress in the
Stock Data
non-construction machinery areas, similar to the agreement signed with Edwards
Vacuum (Qingdao) recently.
4Q21E earnings preview. We forecast net profit to drop >30% YoY in 4Q21E.
due to the overall weakness of sales volume which resulted in inventory build-
up for pump & valve. We expect the full year net profit in 2021E to grow only
12% YoY to ~RMB2.5bn.
Shareholding Structure
■ Production plan in Feb 2022: We expect Hengli has scheduled production
volume of 63k units of hydraulic cylinder (excavator), down ~15% YoY.
Scheduled production volume of pump/valve drops ~50%/40% YoY, as the
process of inventory clearance since 4Q21 has continued to affect the output.
Share Performance
On the positive side, we expect the planned production for non-standardized
cylinders in Feb to double YoY to 14k units due to a low base. Besides, the
planned volume of motor increases >60% YoY and >30% MoM, driven by
AWP demand.
Source: Bloomberg
Share placement plan approved by CSRC in mid-Jan. Hengli is eligible to
12-mth Price Performance
issue a maximum of 391.6mn new shares (representing 23% of enlarged
share capital). The proceeds will be mainly spent on the capacity expansion
in Mexico (to support the global leading excavator manufacturer and the
Chinese customers in the US). Besides, Hengli will construct new capacity for
linear actuator for electric cylinder (a new area that offers huge potential for
import substitution). From a longer-term perspective, we remain positive to
Hengli's new business initiatives, given the excellent track record of achieving
import substitution.
Source: Bloomberg
Upside risks: (1) Stronger recovery of excavator demand. Downside risks:
(1) weak recovery of construction activities; (2) risk of overseas expansion.
Auditor: RSM
Jiangsu Hegnli Hydraulic -
Short-term impact of power
outage; Wait for more positive
Jiangsu Hengli Hydraulic – Net
profit in 2Q21 down only 2%
YoY; better than expectations -
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Earnings forecast in 2022E-23E
We revised down the sales forecast of excavator hydraulic cylinder by 4%, as
we believe further market share gain is less likely going forward (currently >50%
in China excavator market).
We revised down our forecast on pump and valve substantially by 42% as we
expect it takes time to clear the inventory and the market share gain will slow.
We revised up the sales forecast on non-standardized cylinder as we expect
more applications in the non-excavator areas.
■ Hengli signed an agreement In Jan with Edwards Vacuum (Qingdao) “埃地沃
兹真空泵制造（青岛）”. Hengli will supply cast metals to Edwards for the
production of vacuum pump products applied in the semiconductor, new
energy and medical industry (Edwards is a subsidiary of Atlas Copco Group
[ATCOA SS], a Sweden-based provider of industrial productivity solutions).
We estimate the revenue contribution to be ~RMB200mn this year (~2% of
our revenue forecast in 2022E) and will gradually increase alongside the
upcoming capex growth in the semiconductor, new energy and medical
industry. We include this in our new estimates.
Figure 5: Change in key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.