Spring and fall Air (601021.sh) 2024 and 2025: one quarter: fares are more resilient and costs are expected to optimize
Events: Spring and Fall Air 2024 and IQ 2025. In 2024, the company achieved a net return of 2.273 billion yuan, i.e. 0.7 per cent of the year; 25q1 achieved a net return of 677 million yuan, i.e. 16.4 per cent of the year. \triangleright
The passenger rate for both domestic and foreign routes has reached a high level, and fleet utilization has increased significantly. \triangleright 1) capacity: total ask +16.1% in 24 years, with the same domestic/international and regional lines
3) Guest rate: In spring and autumn 2024, combined/domestic/international and regional occupancy rate is 1-94 hours, respectively. Depending on factors such as pilot limitation, there is still a shortfall in utilization over 19 years, and we expect the rate to pick up again next year.
The three-quarter report for Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) in 2024 reported a drop in revenue per unit of less than industry level and a recovery in utilization rate of flat unit costs.
In mid-2024, Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) reported: Business resilience was highlighted, profit-making space was available.
In-depth report for spring and fall aviation (601021.sh): low-cost aviation taps, positioning precision space timers at 3.3 per cent per year; unit fuel cost of 0.112 per cent per year - 6.2 per cent; unit non-oil composition
Effective share of fixed costs in Sinda Securities, Inc., with unit costs falling on a year-on-year basis; and lower prices for aviation oil on a year-on-year basis have also resulted in cindasecuitiesco.,ltd
In Beijing, in Beijing, the Golden House No. 127 A, Wumen West Avenue, the cost of the company’s per-unit aviation oil was significantly reduced. The fare was resilient, and the cost was expected to fall further, with the company’s performance over time.
At the same time, the cost-side double-draws the unit of oil and non-oil, effectively compensates for the fall in fares, and the profit increases are small. In 2025, industry supply contractions were more certain, there was limited scope for lifts, and fare prices may be expected to improve. Companies are more resilient than industry, and at the end of earnings.
Or to benefit from the elasticity of performance brought about by the return in fares, while the cost side is expected to increase its profits further as the utilization rate continues to rise, looking forward to the growth of the company’s performance. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to achieve a net return in 2025-2027.
High elasticity, low-season business resilience, continued improvements in profitability and business performance, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: demand for travel is not as high as expected, demand for international routes is not as high as expected, and oil prices are rising significantly
\triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., has been a part of the external evaluation submitted by several provinces, which has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.