Low-cost aviation resilience highlights the strong performance of tax shields, spring and fall air disclosure 2024 and one quarter 2025, spring and autumn air disclosure 2024 and one quarter 2025.
Revenues of 200.0 billion yuan, 11.5 per cent more than year-on-year, net returns of 2.27 billion yuan, 0.7 per cent more than year-on-year, of which 4.20 billion yuan, or 4.9 per cent more than year-on-year, were earned in the fourth quarter, net profits of 300 million yuan.
The civil aviation market has recovered and the volume of business of the company has continued to increase steadily in 2024. The volume of civil aviation passenger traffic has grown steadily, and the capacity of the company has increased steadily, with 16.1 per cent in the year-on-year rate, 18.8 per cent in passenger turnover and passenger occupancy.
Sliding. As a result of the downside of the industry market and the impact of price competition, the prices of the company's passenger transport fell throughout the year, with a gain of 0.385 yuan per person-kilometre, a 6.5 per cent decline in the same year. Corporate cost performance was generally stable in 2024, although oil prices decreased, the company did not have to pay for it.
The cost of sailing oil has increased as a result of the increase in the volume of oil used: non-oil costs are still relatively well regulated, and the total market value/market value in circulation (billion yuan) has slightly decreased in the same year. At the cost side, the company’s costs have been steadily reduced, with sales, sales and other costs falling slightly.
The highest/lowest price in 52 weeks The tax shield factor led to a decline in performance during the quarter, with strong non-tax performance maintained The Shanghai Spring and Fall International Travel Agency
In the first quarter of 2025, corporate traffic continued to grow, with a more business-focused focus on expanding international routes, with a slight fall in the same price. It is worth mentioning that corporate fluctuations in the first quarter of 2025 were due mainly to the exhaustion of tax shields, while pre-tax profits remained strong and higher.
The country’s civil aviation market is still open, low-cost aviation continues to show business resilience, and the current price of oil is clearly falling, making significant gains in terms of cost savings for airlines. The macroeconomic downturn is expected, the exchange rate of oil prices is highly volatile, tariffs affect the cost of shipping materials, security matters, etc.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.