\triangleright net loss of $340 million (4q23 net loss of $340 million) on non-repatriation of mothers. The company issued a quarterly report in 2025: $5.32 billion, or +2.9 per cent, of the operating income of 1q25, with a total profit of $890 million, equal to the net profit of the mother.
The impact of the annual income tax fee offsets. Corporate prices are resilient in a business ticket-down environment, and fleet utilization is higher than the equivalent. Company \triangleright
The prices are resilient: the industry faced a price drop in 2024, and the air stewards showed a drop in the price of the taxed fare on the domestic line in 2024. The company sunk deep in the market, the price base was low, the provincial airport was increased in recent years, and the network was constantly of yellow cranes.
The ratio of volume to commercial passengers has increased, making prices more resilient. The impact of the increase in fleet utilization has been on the impact of an accelerator downswing: in 2024, the ratio was +9.4 per cent, and the cost of the downswings and the cost of maintenance of shipping materials continued to drive unit non-oil costs to 1.7 per cent. \triangleright \triangleright
In 2019, more than 90%. Corporate international lines received higher than domestic lines, but they were subject to inadequate safeguards and immaturity of demand, above which the international transport capacity recovered to more than 20%, and we believe that an increase in international lines would raise the overall price level.
The benefits of operating the fleet from the replacement of the old and the new aircraft, and the financial costs from the rental of the aircraft are advanced. The new \triangleright old aircraft fleet changes: the company introduced 8 aircraft in 2024, including 8 320neo and 3 321neo, and retreats
Three 320 ceros, the replacement of the old and the new type of aircraft to boost the fuel efficiency of the fleet, will help to maintain the cost advantage of the company. Promotion of leasing aircraft repurchase: 5 320 ceros and 2 320neo billion dollars in liquidity to be leased by the company at the end of 2023, based on monthly operating bulletins, we believe that two initiatives will substantially reduce the financial costs of the company.
In 2024, \triangleright 1.5-3.0 billion shares were purchased for the employee holding scheme, and this is the third time since 2022 (2022).
For the first time, the company repurchased more than before. The three shares buybacks were used in the employee-holding scheme, which we believe reflects management’s focus on the coherence of core teams, shareholders, and corporate interests, contributing to firm growth in the long term.
\triangleright first overwrite with a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.