Phillipcapital Spring and Fall Air (601021ch) is well run and the international route continues to recover.
China Air Transport Update Report. Spring and Fall Air is the leader of China's low-cost airline, founded in 2004 and based on Shanghai.
One-on-one (air passenger a320 series), with a single economic seat and a target price of cny65.5 (+13.8 per cent) through the parent company Spring and Fall Tour.
The length of the flight and the acceleration of the flight to increase the daily utilization of the aircraft, which has a significant cost advantage. General stockholders (million shares): 52 weeks ' maximum/minimum price (PRC):
In 2024, Spring and Fall Air had a real operating income of 20 billion yuan (the same amount as the yuan), +11% for the mother’s money, with a rate of about 35%.
With 670 million yuan in female purchasing, 16.8 per cent of the year, the decline in net profits was mainly due to reduced tax revenues over the same period in previous years, and there was a good increase in traffic.
Source: aastock, phillipsecurities(hk)research international routes show a brighter and more recovery than ever. In 2025, the company completed the whole/national/international rpk weekly passenger traffic in the first quarter of the year, with a difference of +6.2%/-
Inner routes are affected by the maintenance of the leap-1a engine.
In 2024, the company went off the road, recording 0.385/km, or minus 6.5 per cent, but still about 20 per cent higher. In the first quarter of 2025, the price of the tickets continued to fall, and the rate of earnings from the airline went up to 9.30 hours in 2024, at +9.41 per cent, partially offsetting the pressure on the prices.
The efficiency of the company-driven digital cost control was evident, with unit ask costs equal to -3.3 per cent, unit ask costs equal to -17.7 per cent, and aircraft utilization limited as a result of the 2025q1 engine maintenance, with unit ask costs equal to +2.2 per cent, but the price of oil continued to fall better than unit ask costs equal to -3.3 per cent.
The expansion of the fleet continued, with 14 aircraft. 25q1 operated in Shanghai Podong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport from 8.06 per cent to 9.46 per cent to 8.21 per cent and 9.63 per cent in the same period last year. We predicted an expansion of the fleet and a recovery of the international line.
Increased aircraft utilization and cost-side improvements will help companies improve their performance. For a long time, the future model of low-cost aviation operations is expected to sink into the open air market, the public sector has a clear competitive advantage in travel and low-cost business travel, and the continuation of growth can still be expected.
All right. We have recently adjusted the public health risk of the company, influenced by the fall in the price of the tickets, China and the United States tax, through: bloomberg, philipsecurieshongkongresearch.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir, sir.
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the only one who can do it, and you're the only one who can do it.
In this publicadellnoteproducedwholeorinpart, distraughtorpublished byyouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallopromotableforanirector consequentyallosossarisalising fromanyuseofmaticcontainmentpublication. the informationcontainmentcontaininthispublicationhasbeenobotainedfrompublicsourserviceswichphilillipsecritieshasnoreassontobeliereunreliableandanyanyysis,
Forecasts, projects, externalsandopinionorwartty, expressorimplied, etc., etc., etc.
There's no other way to do this. There's no other way to do it. There's no way to do it. There's no way to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeletelieduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseofjudgment.
Involvementistrissksandmaynetberealinvestors, andthannydecisiontomentorintotranctionsinvolvendsuchproductsshoulldnotemadeunlesall suchrisksareunderstoodaninpendenddetermination hasbeenmadehatsuchtransactionswouldapprietate.anydiscussionofsiscontainherein interspecttootheriscontain
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been in the business, but I don't know if you're the one who's in the business.
♪ Singapore malaysia japan ♪
philipcapicalmanagesdnbhd philipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted
250thbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku
No.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia china
India ptphillipsecuitsindonesia phillipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.
philipcapital (india) privatelemited anztøwerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg,
Jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I didn't tell you, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
king and shaxsonltd. 15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, 3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance
6thloor, candlewickhouse, 120 cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand 75008parisfrance
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, srilanka phillipfuturesinc.
Ashaphillipsecuritiesmited level10, 330 collinsstreet level4, millenniumhouse, 46/58 naavamawatha,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong