Highcombs (002415.sz) report robust performance growth, smart innovation operations that are expected to grow at a significant rate of overseas revenue, and innovation operations that are expected: 31.0 per cent of corporate sales revenue in the first half of the year.
Despite the company’s perception of greater uncertainty about demand in overseas markets, it has grown on a significant scale abroad through continued expansion of products and channels. On the product side, revenue from front-end products, back-end products, and innovative businesses that began to disclose was $610 million in the first half of 2017, a significant increase.
The growth of innovative businesses, represented by fluorescent smart households, seacombs, seacombs, seacombs, seacombs, and seacomb storage, is expected in the future, despite the low base. The overall recovery in Māori rates and increased sales investment in R & D: companies are moving from a collection-oriented scale to size and profitability.
In the course of this strategic shift, the first half of 2017 was marked by initial results, both in terms of product distribution, which reached 42.7 per cent, as a result of company expansion in overseas markets and research on new products and projects.
High demand for inputs, with sales, management and financial cost rates rising by 0.8, 0.6 and 1.0 percentage points, respectively, in the first half of the year, resulting in a decrease in net profit margins, a net profit increase less than income gains
It is expected to move forward in parallel, with products of innovation gradually enriching the company ' s products through endogenous and expansive expansion: a steady and rapid growth of performance in 2016, innovative lines, from professional security video surveillance to consumer video-processing market expansion.
The Division expanded its project modalities and channels, with the domestic market promoting projects mainly in priority areas to promote seacapsight: a year-round increase in net profits, future improvements in smart security products, and overseas markets continuing to recommend autonomous branding of product channels.
In addition, both phase I and phase II of the company ' s production base have been built, and in the mid-western region, the Sea Conway: Recovering the fast-growing trend of three-quarterly reporting, the building of the production base has also been actively advanced and customized as the company moves forward towards a solution.
The ability to produce and the controlability of core components will also increase as the self-sufficiency rate rises.
- Quarterly performance ratings: Māori harvests have grown steadily and cost rates have slightly increased
At $9.4 billion, an increase of 28.0%. Domestic security sector market demand continues to grow steadily, and there is uncertainty about overseas market demand, but as industry leader companies continue to reap better returns. Building on the accumulation of video surveillance industries, companies continue to develop ai technology for product models and project markets, and continue to push forward, including fluorescent smart households, seacaps, seaboard robots, and sea.
The opening up of markets and channels for innovative business such as Quan Motor Technology, Haikang Storage, etc., opened up new opportunities for growth in the company’s revenue growth. The company’s net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was $3.29 billion in the first half of 2017, an increase of 26.2% in the same year, of which the net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company in the second quarter was $1.81 billion, an increase of 23.7% in the same year, owing to market access and research and development costs.
Continued inputs and accounting treatment of exchange gains and losses and off-the-shelf earnings have resulted in net profit gains below revenue growth rates. The company ' s main business in the first half of 2017 was 42.7 per cent, an increase of 2.6 percentage points, with gross interest rates in the second quarter being 42.7 per cent, an increase of 3.8 percentage points, and after the company ' s decline in Maori rates over the past two years,
In the first half of the year, sales costs, management costs, financial costs were 10.5 per cent, 10.7 per cent, and 0.4 per cent respectively in the second quarter.
The reason for this is also that the net profit margin of the company has declined slightly after the increase in the Māori rate. Second, business performance assessment: growth is bright, innovation is worth looking forward to: (i) business abroad is growing rapidly, and the domestic market is improving continuously.
In the first half of 2017, corporate sales earnings from overseas markets rose by RMB 4.97 billion, or 38.3 per cent, and the Māori rate was 49.6 per cent, compared with the percentage point increase. The Māori ratio of companies recovered in both domestic and foreign markets, particularly with the increased profitability of overseas markets, which maintained their income growth at a rapid rate.
A breakdown of products shows that front-end products received $8.47 billion, an increase of 24.7 per cent, or 53.5 per cent of total income, and continued the company. During the first half of the year, the company achieved $610 million, a significant increase of 161.7 per cent, and significantly exceeded its income level for the whole of 2016, although the base is low, growth is expected in the future.
The corporate product breakdown shows an upward trend, with the exception of innovative business operations, with Māori ratios at the front end, back end and central control equipment increasing by 1.9, 4.5 and 0.8 percentage points, respectively, with the result of strategic adjustments. (iii) Performance guidance: sustained robust growth in corporate business performance
The net profit growth of 26.2% was almost equal, domestic market demand continued to be robustly released as the main driving force for firm growth, while overseas markets, despite regional disparities, were increasingly well-placed and responsive. Demand for government orders in domestic markets grew less rapidly than expected;
(b) The expansion of new products and innovative operations has not been as fast as expected.