WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Impressive order growth despite geopolitical
BUY (Maintain)
uncertainties
Target Price
RMB54.27
WuXi AppTec reported 1H24 revenue of RMB17.24bn, down 8.6% YoY,
(Previous TP
RMB53.23)
attributable recurring net profit of RMB4.41bn, down 8.3% YoY, and attributable
Up/Downside
33.4%
adjusted non-IFRS net profit of RMB4.37bn, down 14.2% YoY. 1H24 revenue /
Current Price
RMB40.69
attributable adjusted non-IFRS net income accounted for 45.3%/ 46.0% of our
China Healthcare
2024 full-year estimates and 43.8%/ 44.7% of Bloomberg consensus, both of
which were largely in line with its historical range. The non-COVID D&M revenue
Jill WU, CFA
(within the Chemistry segment) experienced a slight decline of 2.7% YoY in
1H24, following a relatively high base in 1H23. Notably, WuXi AppTec's backlog,
excluding COVID-19 commercial projects, increased by 33.2% YoY in 1H24,
Benchen HUANG, CFA
indicating strong customer demand amid geopolitical uncertainties. Mgt. has
reiterated its revenue guidance of RMB38.3-40.5bn for 2024, forecasting YoY
growth of 2.7% to 8.6% for revenues excluding COVID-19 commercial projects.
Stock Data
level.
Impressive order growth driven by solid demand. As of June 2024, WuXi
AppTec's backlog reached RMB43.1bn, marking a robust YoY increase of
33.2% excluding COVID-19 commercial projects. Revenue from its global
Shareholding Structure
Top20 pharmaceutical clients reached RMB6.59bn, contributing 38.2% of
commercial projects. Mgt. highlighted that over 80% of the backlog was
expected to convert into revenue within the next 18 months, which should
Share Performance
alleviate market concerns about clients' early bookings due to geopolitical
Absolute
Relative
considerations (with the ATU segment being an exception). Additionally,
1-mth
7.0%
3.8%
3-mth
-6.8%
0.5%
mgt. indicated that new orders signed in 1H24 increased by ~25% YoY. The
strong order growth demonstrates the resilient demand for WuXi AppTec's
Source: FactSet
high-quality services, indicating a positive outlook for FY25 growth.
12-mth Price Performance
TIDES business continued to be a major growth engine. Revenue of
-603259 CH-SHCOMP (Rebased)
TIDES business reached RMB2.08bn in 1H24, demonstrating robust YoY
growth of 57.2%, following a significant 64.4% YoY increase in 2023. As of
June 2024, the TIDES backlog grew substantially by 147% YoY. In January
2024, the Company's new peptide production facilities commenced
operation, which expanded its total capacity to 32,000 liters, positioning the
Company as a leader in global TIDES CDMO. With the robust backlog and
Source: FactSet
readily available production capacity, mgt. expects TIDES revenue to grow
by over 60% YoY in 2024 and to maintain the strong momentum in 2025.
Our model projects TIDES revenue to exceed RMB8.6bn in 2025,
contributing ~20% to WuXi AppTec's total revenue, a significant increase
from ~4% in 2022.
Maintain BUY. Factoring in the positive trend of customer demand, we lift
our TP from RMB53.23 to RMB54.27 (based on a 10-year DCF model with
WACC of 10.38% and terminal growth of 2.0%). We forecast revenue to
grow by -4.4\% +10.9\% +10.8\% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net income to
grow by -8.3%/ +11.6%/ +12.1% YoY in 2024E/ 25E/ 26E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.