Performance is on track, new product lines are on track - Fertilde News (300394). Recently, Mobil News released its semi-annual report for 2017: Gross operating income of $171 million, up from the same period the previous year.
18.99 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $6.098, an increase of 1.31 per cent over the same period in the previous year; performance in line with expectations, with new products and overseas clients promoting steady growth in revenue collection \triangleright
During the reporting period, total operating income was $171 million, an increase of 18.99 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies was $6.098, an increase of 1.31 per cent over the same period in the previous year. With the growth of domestic operators, the market for overseas data centres grew rapidly, companies optimized their product structures in a timely manner, and the production of the original product line was released on a continuous basis.
Completion of the project on the expansion and upgrading of lightless devices, the introduction of new product lines for osaoodm and sequesters, bulk production, the same growth in overseas customer sales, and the firm's active promotion of global industrial layout, with Suzhou as its headquarters and R & D centre, Japan, Jiangxi as its research and development branch and mass production base, Shenzhen and Wuhan as its sales points
Net profits increased by 1.31 per cent over the year as a result of exchange losses and declining investment returns.
During the reporting period, the company completed the project on the expansion and upgrading of light-sourced devices, which promoted three product lines, improved quality efficiency and consolidated competitive advantages. At the same time, the company actively promoted the process of product certification and volume production, the osa high-speed optical device and the sequester product line during the reporting period, using the high-quality customer resources accumulated over many years.
During the reporting period, the company actively prepared new product lines for upgrading capacity, including the Osa high-speed light product line, the Jiangxi 2 product line, and the Mpo product line, the Jiangxi II product line. To further accelerate the process of automating the company’s product lines, the product line was upgraded.
Production efficiency, construction of an intelligent plant, deep push for “down efficiency efficiency”, a joint venture between the company and Shenzhen City's Advanced Technology Corporation to establish Suzhou Tianfu Deep Automation Company Limited in June 2017.
During the reporting period, the company increased its operating income by no more than $718 million for the construction of high-speed light devices (a package for downstream light module customers).
Construction projects will enhance the productive capacity of high-speed optical devices of all types, help companies to optimize the product structure, increase market share, maintain an advantage within the industry, enhance integrated competitiveness in the field of light devices, upgrade the integrated capacity of light-module households to provide a package of zero components, enhance the company's operating income and profitability, and enhance the market for companies
At the end of the reporting period, the issue of non-public issuances had been taken up by the CVM.
1. Mobil Communications (300349) dictation report: Increase in layout. The lightware industry is not as up to date as expected: production of new products is not as fast as expected; the targeted increase project is not working well.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements by Cheng Ping, team leader. Doctor of Management, People ' s University of China, Director of Mba Business School, China Petroleum University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Yang Jian, master ' s degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the people in August 2015
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Industry Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent of any third party.