Fibre-optic connector industry leader, design of high-speed high-speed high-speed devices, build-up of new growth engines, lead of fibre-optic connectors, increase of about 19 per cent in business income for the 1st battalion in 2017: companies are committed to light communication
The R & D, high-precision manufacturing and marketing of optical devices are the leading companies in the optical fibre-linking segment of our industry. In 2017, H1, the osaoodm and the new separators' product lines entered bulk production, production capacity, successive releases, and sales to overseas customers increased by the same amount.
Upgrade of the interconnectivity structure of the data centre and strong high-speed light device demand: with the spread of the leaf-spine structure, according to the Centre’s light device needs will increase from 10/40g to 25/100g, or at a faster rate, driving the growth in the demand for 100 g light devices. Based on the projected growth in the number of megadata centres in Cisco and Synergy, from
Between 2017 and 2020, 188 megadata centres will be added around the world. The iccsz estimates that the 100g transceivers required will reach 118 million if calculated on the size of 200,000 square feet per data centre. According to the ppt data from the Anna Technology Group performance report, the vum projects 100g in 2016 to 2022.
In 2017, the company announced a plan for a public launch to raise $718 million in investment in high-speed devices. The high-speed devices project will be new after delivery.
Increasing the production capacity of 30.6 million high-speed light devices per year will consolidate the company’s position in the light communication segment market, effectively improving product competitiveness and becoming a new engine for business growth.
The company is engaged in research and development, high-precision manufacturing and marketing of optical devices in the field of optical communications, and is the leading industry in the country in the field of fibre optics. Since its listing, the company has further enhanced its research and development capabilities and increased its production of new products and projects.
To date, the balrellens design module and volume product have been successfully implemented; the sequester component project has been certified and produced in bulk by multiple clients; the OSa light device has reached the stage of mass production based on the advantage of the equipment process and team experience; and the luminous component team has provided the client with a variety of solutions for 100g products.
In 2017, factors such as the introduction of new product lines into bulk production, the steady release of production capacity and a significant increase in overseas customer sales led to an increase of 18.99 per cent in total corporate operating income over the same year; net profits increased by a small 1.31 per cent over the same year, owing to factors such as loss of exchange and declining investment returns.
The second is the upgrading of the interconnectivity structure of the data centre and the strong demand for high-speed optical devices, which is being replaced by a three-storey network structure in the traditional mainstream, due to the rapid growth in the flow of data centres.
With the spread of the leaf-spine structure, the light module requirements of the data centre will move from 10/40g to 10/40g.
Based on the projected growth in the number of mega-data centres in Cisco and Synergy, the world will add 188 mega-data centres between 2017 and 2020.iccsz estimates, assuming 200,000 square feet per data centre.
According to the Una Technology Group performance report, ppt, vum projects a combined annual growth rate of 38% for the 100g and above optical devices market from 2016 to 2022, which will reach $6.7 billion by 2022.
In 2017, the company published a non-public release plan to raise $718 million to finance a high-speed light device construction project. The project is to be used to build the production capacity of high-speed light device products, to provide a package for downstream light module customers and to upgrade existing production technologies.
The Division’s advantage in the light communications segment market effectively enhanced product competitiveness and became a new engine of business growth for companies.The firm’s targeted growth projects did not advance as expected; market competition led to a decline in the Māori rate; macroeconomic growth was not as high as expected; securities markets forecast and valuation data aggregates of financial statements