Performance meets expectations, waiting for the scale effect of the new product - Fibre communication (300394) - recently, Fibre communication issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2017: net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies
Performance meets expectations, and \triangleright has yet to yield scale benefits, waiting for new product lines to generate scale effects to contribute to performance, resulting in company performance almost equal to that of the same period last year. Companies in the second half of 2015
With the launch of the Suzhou Research and Development Centre, the company has stepped up its efforts to develop new products and projects.
Modelling and volume production has been successfully implemented: the receptableo.i project has been certified and produced in bulk by multiple clients; the osa light device has reached the stage of production based on the advantage of the equipment process and team experience.
As products begin to produce in volume, companies will continue to perform in the future when several new products form a scale effect. Acquisition of Japan’s tm layout barrellens, establishment of M & A funds to accelerate the pace of outreach to speed up the company’s endogenous projects, speed up entry into higher-end markets of over 100 g and into international markets.
The company invested $21 million in the establishment of Suzhou Tianfu Fine Optics Ltd., with a 30% share, to acquire technology and assets from Japan’s tm company. Japanese tm will swing its original R & D design advantage to provide clients with front-end design services to the small test stage of the mold, lens.
At the same time, with the help of the expertise of specialized investment agencies, the company is proposing to contribute up to $135 million in co-financing with Shenzhen Cheng Tang to set up an Industrial Merger and Purchase Fund to accelerate the pace of corporate outreach, promote the upgrading of corporate industries and broaden corporate investment.
In January 2017, the company issued a plan for an increase of not more than $718 million for high-speed light devices.
The high-speed device construction project will result in the addition of 30.6 million high-speed devices to the production capacity after delivery, thereby consolidating the company’s position in the light communication segment market and making it effective.
It is of strategic importance that the product structure, the upgrading of the company’s operating income and profitability, the increase in the company’s market rate, and the acceleration of the entry of source light devices continue to maintain a dominant position within the industry.
1. Mobil Communications (300349) dictation report: Increase in layout. The lightware industry is not as up to date as expected: production of new products is not as fast as expected; the targeted increase project is not working well.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People ' s University of China, director of the baa Business School, China Petroleum University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Yang Jian, master ' s degree degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the People ' s Masson in August 2015, graduated from the same University, master ' s degree in business management, and joined the civil securities in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.