Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394) electronics report performance in line with expectations. New products are thin and thin. Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company issued its semi-annual report in 2017, which generated revenues of 170 million yuan, an increase of 19 per cent over the reporting period, resulting in a net return to the mother of 60,975,000 yuan, an increase of 1.3 per cent over the same period; a basic gain of 0.33 yuan per share, a performance increase in line with expectations, and a shift in input output in progress.
Over the reporting period, companies benefited from the bulk production of new product lines of osa, odm, and sequesters, which released production capacity;
As of 30 June 2017, the company was listed and the project on the expansion and upgrading of bareware had now been completed, with a capital utilization rate.
89.4%, after the project has reached the postnatal stage, will add 10.8 million ceramic tubes, 30 million fibre optic adapters, and 42 million light-to-peer interface components. With increased market demand and gradual release of capacity, even taking into account a small drop in prices, ceramic tubes, fibre-optic adapters and optical interface components III
The revenue generated by large traditional products will grow significantly this year. Quite a few new inputs are available, and the impact of scale is expected to be felt in the second half of the year. Companies are building R & D centers as an opportunity to increase their R & D capacity and develop new products to meet new client demands.
During the current year, the company has taken a step forward in the development of new domestic and foreign households, increasing its capacity utilization and market share of new products, increasing the volume and volume of new products.
The effect of scale in the second half of the year is to provide effective support for the growth of corporate performance, which will be at the heart of the company in the future. In May of the year, the company, by means of an incremental plan, set an increase of not more than $718 million for the construction of high-speed light devices (a package of components for downstream light-module clients), June 2017, the SEC accepted the company's request for an increase.
The project is in the final stage of approval. The construction period is 30 months, while the project is under construction, and the project reaches the post-natal stage. It is expected that the production capacity of an additional 30.6 million high-speed optical devices with an annual capacity will be increased, with a normal annual operating income of 830 million yuan, a net profit of 150 million yuan, a dynamic return on investment of 4.3 years, opening up new opportunities for growth and continuation.
There is a rapid growth in releases, new product lines, high-end products, and there are significant developments.
Assumption 2: The company's ipo-listed investment project, osa high-speed optical devices, photo-receivable components with sequesters, mpo, etc., has gradually entered the stable volume production phase and will be profitable in 2017;
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.