Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Communications (000063.sz)
The company's business has recovered rapidly, increasing its R & D investment to 5 g. The company achieved revenues of $19,332 million in three quarters, a 14.34% decline over the same period; the sales rate of M & A was 36.51%, an increase of 6.98 pp over the same period the previous year.
The net interest rate on corporate sales for the third quarter of the year was 2.92 per cent, down from the same period last year. 4. The impact of the embargo met expectations, with a single quarter of 2019q2, 4.84 pp, and we judged that it was mainly affected by fair value changes, off-the-shelf expenditures and research and development expenditures.
The company's derivative hedge investment (foreign exchange forward contracts) generated 382 million fair value changes gains and losses, resulting in $211 million in out-of-service expenses as a result of litigation. At the same time, the company increased its 5g R & D investment, 2. Misty, the value will eventually appear - 2018 -
In the context of the volatility of performance, companies have increased their fees, using controls, at a cost of $1.912 billion in three quarters, a decrease of 37.49 per cent. Overall, the company To Reborn, the middle of which is at the next dawn.
The company is expected to make a single-season profit of q2 in 2019 and to complete the transition from business recovery to growth. Corporate business and business administration are expected to return to full normality, with the largest business failure.
The company’s mobile terminal operations are largely business-as-usual, pre-embargo operations, with customers coming from European and North American markets. According to industry chain research, the supply cycle for projects similar to the 2b2c category is China’s capital expenditure of 5g in 2019 or over-expected, with companies benefiting fully from its 5g lead.
Taking into account such factors as the acceleration of the global deployment of 5g, and the downward pressure on the domestic economy, we predict that China’s capital spending in 2019 will be much higher than expected, and that the construction of 5g base stations is expected to reach 60% of the world’s water level. With leading technology and delivery capacity, companies are expected to achieve high performance growth through higher levels of municipal ownership.
End-of-service recovery is below expectations; operator collection shares are below expectations; operator capital expenditure is below expectations; market-related report rating ratio analysis