Three seasons of improved performance, active research and development, communications (000063.sz) Embracing a new 5g era
In the first three quarters of 2018, companies were affected by United States bans and fines, resulting in operating income and spending on research and development.
The return net profit was significantly lower in the same year, but the third quarter saw better performance. The 2018q3 company achieved operating income of $19.332 billion, an increase of $62.34 per cent, a decrease of 14.34 per cent, a return net profit of $564 million and a single-quarter loss.
The company spent $8,526 million on R & D, a decrease of $671 million in the same year, with inputs from core technical areas such as wireless, core networks, carrying, access, chips, etc. for the third quarter. The reporting period saw a sharper decline in net interest rates, improved cost rates during the period and benefits from the devaluation of the renminbi.
Completing the full functional test of the core network and fully preparing for a 5g commercial event.
The company took the lead in completing the 3.5 ghz system base station tests in the sa mode, and the first industry completed all Nsa low frequency tests and completed all the core network functional tests. The company conducted a small-area in Huairou, Beijing, with user experience rates, delays, and overlays.
The network of 3.5 ghz band 5g independent network models has been fully validated by field performance tests such as coverings. The company is fully prepared for a 5g large-scale commercial operation. 5g standards freeze, spectrum division will be completed, industry capital expenditure will be raised. 3gpp Plenary, 14 June 2018
The 5gnr standard freeze was approved, plus the 5g non-independent network standard, completed in December 2017, which completed the first phase of full functionality standardization. The China Securities Bulletin reported that the 5g spectrum distribution programme had initially determined that China would receive a total of 300mhz spectrum resources for two frequencies of 2.6 ghz and 4.9 ghz: China Telecom and China Connect received 100 mhz each in the vicinity of the 3.5 ghz band.
The first commercial 2/3/4/5g/fixedcommoncore in the first quarter, based on the latest 3gppr15sba architecture, helped operators to quickly construct agile and efficient integration core network, meeting a variety of applications such as 2g/3/4g/5/fixed and the vertical industry and enabling operators to make a smooth run of the numbers through technologies such as transition separation, structural integration, distributed resource pools, web slices, etc.
The US ban was lifted, and the company’s operations were on track. According to the Alternative Reconciliation Agreement concluded with the company and with the company, the order of 13 July 2018 removed the company and the company from the list of prohibited exporters.
The restructuring was completed, with $1 billion in fines, business back on track, and the year 2018 q3’s performance was reversed and promising. The company’s business earnings have risen steadily in recent years, and the year 2018’s net return profit was significantly lost as a result of the United States ban and fines.
Companies have steadily increased their share of operating revenues from network services, and consumer operations have increased significantly since 2015.