Increased R & D investment for 5g commercial communications (000063), tri-quarter review in 2018, three-quarter decline in revenue, net profit deductions and growth
The company achieved business income of 19.3 billion yuan in July-September, a 14.34% decline in the same year; net profit of 564 million yuan, a fine of US$ 400 million and a suspended additional penalty of US$ 400 million, while operating cash flows remained strained, with $5.17 billion less than the six-month reduction reported. The fall in performance throughout the year was largely due to a fine of US$ 1 billion, as well as business and advance losses.
Increased R & D investment, sustained rapid recovery \triangleright increased investment in core technology areas such as 5g wireless, core network, carrying, access, chip upgrading
Three quarters of research and development costs of $347 million, an increase of 37.47 per cent, or 17.9 per cent, compared with 11.2 per cent in the same period the previous year, an increase of 6.7 pct. The company has become an important contributor to global communication standards, exposing the first 3gpp5gsep to more than 1,000 people.
A large number of businesses, overseas operators and global customer and market confidence are gaining ground. 5g R & D leads, tests go well, 5g-related product tests lead, and ready for the forthcoming 5g large-scale business. The first one is complete.
Nsa has all the tests, and the product contains end-to-end devices such as 5g base stations, core networks, and self-research terminals. The first 5g off-site Ssa network architecture in the 3.5g band has been completed with Chinese telecommunications in Yuan.
Research Assistant: Yang Myechi 5g developed less than expected: 5g antenna development was less than expected.
Investment earnings support short-term performance, 5g construction pioneer Yang Jian, master ' s degree degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined Yang Myeon in August 2015, master ' s degree in economics from the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two years of business experience as a operator and, in 2017, in civil securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.