The third quarter is up, the focus is 5g reloading back, the company issues three-quarter performance reports, resulting in a net profit loss of $7,260 million for the reporting period, up from the previous year’s same year’s firm’s performance, and a reversal in the third quarter.
The business started to recover from the bottom and the third quarter saw a 62.36 per cent increase over the second quarter. At the same time, the net profit of the company in the third quarter was $564 million, the net profit after deduction was $120 million, all of which was reversed into a profit, leading to a better loss for the company in the first three quarters.
Business telkomsel signed the first overseas order since it resumed operations, marking the company’s return to the international mainstream market. With a new round of harvests by operators, company performance is expected to return to normal levels.
In addition, companies focus on core business, increasing investment in areas such as wireless 5g, core network, carrying, access, chip, etc., with the same research and development costs in the third quarter.
In the future, companies will continue to insist on technology-owned innovation, upgrade core technology, and mitigate the possible adverse effects of global trade friction. 5g are close to re-engineering market opportunities, and companies are expected to re-engineer.
Accelerator, with the expected distribution of the operator ' s 5g spectrum in the fourth quarter, will open a new construction cycle for the industry. At present, the company has completed phase III of the national 5g technology R & D experiment, Nsa-wide testing and Sa core network testing, while actively participating in the operator ' s 5g key technology studies,
Tests, simulations, application simulations, etc., fully support 5g commercial deployments. In the future, companies are expected to continue to focus on the layout of the 5g area, taking advantage of market opportunities, and restoring firms’ global competitiveness.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.
Increased global trade friction has led to an increase in trade barriers in some countries, and the tendency of these countries’ cyber-operaters to purchase base stations and terminals that are not produced in China has led to less than expected growth in the performance of domestic firms. Operators may reduce investment spending on the 5g network in the face of falling revenue growth, making industry less developed than expected.
In the market, there is a risk of excessive competition between firms in the same area of the communications industry. 5g new network equipment and upstream components may run the risk of less than expected new technology, resulting in unrecoverable R & D inputs.