24q4 yak River revenue drops and medium- and long-term values are expected to release \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
A net profit of $8,267 million was realized in the Yakuza river year, i.e., a margin of 452 per cent, a rough calculation of 2024q4 yak and a total profit of 25q1 + 18.18 per cent, and the increase in the volume of hydropower was driven by an increase in performance.
\triangleright billions and the share-in-company investment returns have increased on a year-to-year basis. According to the management data of the holding companies, 25q1 benefits are held.
Differences in the contracting pattern have led to a temporary increase in the price of one quarter (dry water) of hydropower, which averaged 1.00674.sh) on-line, compared to +23.32 per cent at tri-quarters in 2024. At the same time, Guangxi received better exposures than in the same period, with photovoltaic power on-line at the same time as +74.19 per cent.
In the coming year, the Silver River hydroelectric power station will continue to contribute to the company’s controlling revenues and benefit from the Great River and Yagi River.
\triangleright Review: Water to improve, high-quality hydropower to sustain performance - 2024. Tsong Tsient's high-pressure postpartum activity is imminent, with the prospect of increasing investment returns. 1) Silver River hydroelectric station: 1 # machine and 2 # machine
Hydroelectricity in the Rivers of the Rivers and the Yagi Rivers: the Great River Basin is planned to produce 136.5 million kilowatts over 25 years, and the 26-year plan is scheduled to be published in the first quarter of the year 024: Improved control of hydropower performance, participation in the production of 215.5 million kilowatts; last year, the two estuaries of the Yajang River were fully watered for the first time, with a steady increase in the production of 25q1 electricity.
In the wake of the Tsong Tianjint high pressure, the electric power supply from the Yagi River and the Great River will be boosted by a significant increase in the consumption of electricity and water from the river. 4. The ratio of the 2023 performance of the energy from the river (600674.sh) and the reduction of water discards is expected to bring about a substantial increase in prices. 3) Financial costs will be significantly reduced to improve profitability:
Review: Performance is largely in line with expectations, with the savings transition opening up growth The financial costs were reduced by $159 million in 2024 on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the possibility of swaps for equity and early redemption and the reduction in the financial costs of companies, which are expected to decline further in the context of low interest rates in 2025.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.