Non-financial companies report on increased confidence in controlling shareholders with slightly lower performance than expected (600674.sh)-24.
In the first quarter, $364 million was collected, representing an increase of 41.17 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $1,479 million, an increase of 16.16 per cent in the same year, and Liu Xiaoning received 43.26 per cent of the net return to the mother. 4) The company issued a plan to increase shareholder ownership and the controlling shareholder Sichuan Energy Development Group.
Dunspin, 180 million dollars less than the same year; the country’s ability to cross the river (20% of the share) contributed $386 million in investment earnings, an increase of $81 million over the same year. The growth in the main sector was mainly due to a substantial increase in the price of Sichuan hydropower, which was controlled by the company in 2024 with an electricity supply of 5,412 million kilowatt-hours.
The increase in electricity is mainly due to improvements in water, increases in electricity prices or related to power structure and supply and demand patterns in Sichuan. \triangleright
It is worth noting that the average monthly Internet access cost of company-controlled hydroelectric units is 0.349 kWh (excluding taxes), an increase of $0.066 kWh/kWh (excluding taxes) over the same period last year, an increase of 7.46 points in the corresponding price of tax-bearing electricity, an increase in the price of electricity or, mainly, a cancellation of the price of the full year's price for the medium- and long-term distribution side of electricity in Sichuan province in 2025.
On April 8, the Sichuan Energy Development Group, a company-owned shareholder, released a plan to increase ownership based on strong confidence in the firm’s long-term recognition of its long-term value and its continued and stable future development, Sichuan Energy.
On April 10, the Kawakawa Group received 900 million yuan in equity loans to increase the company’s shares. According to the People’s Bank of China, the interest rate for special loans is projected at \triangleright.
Profit predictions and ratings: Given the uncertainty that still exists during this year’s rains, we conservatively assume that water will be comparable to last year’s, and that my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers have been matched. With my diligent professionalism, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, and the independent and objective production of this report, no part of the person’s remuneration has been, is not, or will be, directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.