Power + signal chain double-wheel drive, catalog mode accelerates business growth Investment rating: Increase in (first) • Low self-sufficiency of domestic simulation chips, long-term national alternative space
Although China is the largest market for analog chip consumption, there is currently less than 20% of home-grown chip self-sufficiency and much room for improvement. While consumer markets remain weak in the short term, they are expected to improve as the economy recovers and the epidemic improves.
The demand for consumption in the market will also warm up gradually, leading to a recovery and an increase in the demand for simulated chips.
It's rich, and it's selling more than 4,000 models, and simulated chip products cover a full range of power management and chain areas. Catalog chip companies can cover downstream applications and terminal customers more comprehensively.
Household demand, extensive use of corporate products in areas such as telecommunications equipment, consumer-type electronics, industry and auto-electrics, with a large number of end-users, low turnover in business cycles, steady and rapid investment in research and development and industry mergers and acquisitions, building on the international lead in modelling semi-conductor companies for success
The company insists on re-engaging its R & D inputs, and its team core members have international first-class semiconductor research and management experience: technology, business cadres graduate from first-class colleges. And, drawing on national leading semiconductor companies, the company strengthens its leadership in some of the simulations through continuous M & As
• The risk of price fluctuations of upstream raw materials, the risk of backlogs in channels and end-user stocks, industry competition1
1.1 Model enterprises with an emphasis on R & D, the country’s 150-year-old starboard achievement, the country’s Simulation Chip Head Enterprise. São Paulo shares were established in 2007 in the areas of chain and power management, the country’s first exclusive, with more than 4000 salesable models in 25 major categories, including operation magnifiers, amplifiers, etc.
Comparer, Audio Power Amplifier, Simulation Switch, Temperature Sensor, Model Converter (adc), Model Converter (dac), Pixel Conversion Chip, Interface Circuit, Power Base Chip, Small Logic Chip, ldo, dc/dc Conversion, Led Drive, pmu, vp and Load Switch, Battery Charging Management Chip, Mada Driver Chip,
As of 22 q3, the company's first largest share was Hong Songxiangtai (the founder of the company, Zhang Shilong, 100% of the shareholders) holding 19.42% of the shares, followed by treasures.
In addition, Mr. Lin has a direct share of 5.22%, and Ms. Hong Wai International (100% of Ms. Wenli) has a 4.76% share. Ms. Zhang and Mr. Lin signed the Agreement on Concerted Action, the Supplementary Agreement to the Agreement on Concerted Action to support and consolidate Mr. Zhang Shilong.
Mr. Zhang is the actual controlling person of the company and is married to Ms. Wenli and cousin to Ms. Zhang. Mr. Zhang is an engineer with extensive experience in the development of analog chips, with more than 20 years of experience in the area of simulationic, adding a clear and well-defined equity structure to the company ' s long-term stability.
The core team is composed of senior industry experts with an average age of more than 20 years. The company has a strong technical capacity, a technical team of senior international industry experts (the chairman and deputy general manager were in the city) with advanced simulation of integrated circuit design, processes, testing techniques and extensive production management, quality management experience, core people.
Focusing on R & D inputs and generating a national leader in per capita income. Companies have a strong autonomous R & D and innovation capacity, and have increased their R & D investment over the past decade or so, further strengthening core technological innovation capabilities.
Large R & D inputs, with R & D costs increasing from R & D of R & D to R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D to R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D
By increasing product variety, the company’s downstream client coverage continued to increase, attracting more customers and contributing to the growth of operating income. And, from 20h2, the global semiconductor industry’s “deficit core” led to an imbalance in supply and demand and contributed to the semiconductor sector’s chip price.
From 2018 to 2021, corporate revenue grew from 572 million yuan to 2,238 million yuan, and the net return to mothers increased from 104 million yuan to 699 million yuan. In the first three quarters of 22 years, the company accumulated 2,422 million yuan, and the net return to the mother.
The shift from a 6-inch crystal circle to a 12-inch crystal round product and high-end product layout has led to an annual increase in the company’s Māori ratio. 20h2, the global semiconductor industry’s “deficit core” has contributed to a further increase in Māori, with 22q3, with a gross profit of 60.06%. In the medium and long term, with a rising and new ratio of chips based on a 12-inch crystal round.
The continued roll-out of products will further increase the company ' s Māori ratio, bringing together the model semiconductor Texas instrument, the Yadno semiconductor overseas.2 The model industry is growing steadily and the prospects for national production are high
2.1 The simulation chip market is close to $60 billion, with relatively small cycle fluctuations, and the simulation chip market is close to $60 billion, with extensive downstream applications. As the simulation chip is mainly used to deliver signals and manage currents and voltage, it is widely applied to communications equipment, consumption, pc, etc.
Consumption is relatively small, and the decentralized downstream is leading to relative stability in the market cycle of the simulation chip. The downstream applications of the simulation chip are widespread and dispersed (communications 36%, cars 24%, industrial controls 21%, consumption 11%, computers 7%), resulting in a lower reliance of the simulation chip on the single downstream application market and due to the cycle between different downstream applications.
No synchronization, which weakens the cyclical nature of the simulated chip market. Figure 11 simulated downstream applications of the chip market, Figure 12 simulated chip markets with relatively little volatility.
2.2 The maturity process is dominated by bcd, which is the main process, and the process of simulating the chip is dominated by a mature process. The simulating chip product emphasizes high-trust noise ratio, low-realisticity, high-reliability and stability, while a reduction in the process may lead to a reduction in simulating circuit performance.
The process nodes of 0.18um and 0.13um are used. However, in order to further enhance product performance and better control costs, the manufacturing plant is actively developing processes related to the simulation chip that can be used for 12 inches. As more simulation chips use 12 inches, the cost of the product is expected to decrease further.
The bcd process is the main process used to simulate the chip. The bcd (bipolar-cmos-dmos) technology is a one-simple integrated process technique capable of producing bipolar\cmos\dmos devices on the same chip, combining the advantages of a bipolar device high-range conductor, a heavy load drive capability and a high and low-power concentration of cnos to each other.
To make ends meet, each of them has a little bit to play, while dmos can work in switch mode, with very low power consumption. bcd can significantly reduce power losses, improve system energy, save on circuit encapsulation costs, and be more reliable.
2.3 National production rates are low, and product scarcity/rich determines competitive advantage by about $20.5 billion in the size of the mainland China simulation chip market, but less than 20 per cent of the self-sufficiency market. Regional distribution suggests that mainland China is the largest model chip market. In 2020, mainland China accounted for 36 per cent of the global market.
Nearly $20.5 billion in size, followed by Asia, Europe, and the United States, with 32 per cent, 18 per cent, and 12 per cent, respectively. However, despite the rapid growth in our chip simulations in recent years, the overall volume has remained low, with the national production replacement process accelerating since 19 years, leading to a significant increase in home-grown business collections.
The growth rate of chip companies, as we can see, was negative in 2019 for all overseas head companies (because the industry is going down), while the indigenous simulation chip companies kept growing fast, thanks to the accelerated semiconductor national production replacement process caused by the intensification of the Chinese-American technology war.
Diagram 16 has accelerated the process of substitution of national production, promoting the rapid growth of local businesses, and the indigenous simulation chip market is dominated by communication/consumption. The domestic simulation chip market is mainly concentrated in the areas of communications and consumption, where the major customers are also domestic firms, which are more conducive to the rapid import of home-based simulation chip enterprises.
The main areas of application of the local simulation chip industry are also dominated by consumer groups, but in recent years the indigenous simulation chip industry has also begun to move towards higher-end areas, introducing vehicle-borne models The scarcity/abundance of products determines the competitive advantage of the track, and St. Bon has a more comprehensive product layout.
There is a wide variety of products, and there is no single firm that has an advantage in all of the simulated chip segmented markets. Lead manufacturers usually rely on a rich product matrix and advanced technology to remain ahead. In a situation of low self-sufficiency, product scarcity determines competitive advantages and avoids the Red Sea market, which is conducive to rapid enterprise growth.
Power management has more layouts, but relatively less layouts in the signal chain. 3 re-engineer pole growth paths, fast growth of the São Paulo, 3.1 year-long leadership of the overseas leader, “Inner + Outward” is the key to success.
Euro-American firms are consistently ahead of the simulation chip market. Because of the importance that the simulation chip industry attaches to accumulation of experience, long product R & D cycles, long life cycles, etc., it is difficult for products and technologies to be replicated and replaced in a short period of time. Global simulation manufacturers have relatively stable competition patterns, with the top 10 model chip firms accounting for about 60% of the total.
The common denominator of overseas leaders is sensitivity to market trends, technological leadership, product abundance, and M & As integration. Looking back, we find that the common denominator of overseas success is the model of "internal growth + external M & As."
By capturing market trends, launching products consistent with trends and continuing to enrich product lines, later expanding corporate business coverage through M&A integration, and always maintaining a technological lead, it has been possible to actively catch up with overseas leaders in the simulated chip market and continue to enrich the product matrix.
Catalog development, with over 4,000 products leading in the country. Catalogue model, the proposed chip, refers to a wide coverage of power management and signal chain products through the volume of products to better cover downstream applications and end-users, and the two largest simulation chip companies, ti and adi, are catalogues.
Simulating chip companies. Simulating the semiconductor industry has a clear pre-emptive feature, and end-user timers tend to select from existing suppliers. Therefore, catalogued coverage of different types of products is important to help end-users provide a variety of chip selections in different project selections, catalogue simulations.
Solder numbers of chip manufacturers have a positive correlation to their operating income. St. State shares continuously expand the number of company models through continuous research and development inputs, adding more than 100 dollars annually.
In recent years, São Paulo has also accelerated corporate mergers and acquisitions, strengthened product lines and expanded product line coverage, acquired or acquired large company Alpha, Shanghai Ping, Hangzhou microelectronics, Su-Sung and Shanghai electronics, and improved or expanded power source management cores.
The product areas, such as radio frequency chips, signal chain chips and power modules, are currently the largest number of domestic products and cover the most extensive catalogued semiconductor manufacturers. Key assumption 1: Power management chip business: companies strengthen their power presence through product R & D and acquisition and acquisition
The combined strength of the source management chip business is likely to increase in the future, with a more comprehensive coverage of customer demand and a rapid increase in revenue. However, the fee-free electronics market is weak, and the new capacity of producers such as Ti will be released, so future market competition is likely to increase.
Key assumption 2: Signal chain operations: In addition to power-management chips, companies continue to expand signal chain chips overlaying types to achieve high-speed growth trends while maintaining the share of the sector's business through high-end product research and development and Māori rates. Given the relatively high consumption applications of companies and weak demand and market competition for the future,
The company's main business is power management chips and signal chain chips, which in 2022 were 87 times more than the average company pe. As a home-grown head company, it is more certain than the growth of the same type of company and enjoys a certain margin of valuation, giving “enhancement” to the risk of price volatility of upstream raw materials, the risk of backlogs in channels and end-user inventories, and increased competition in the industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.