chinacininsurancegroup (601601) pionerofininturertransforformationsleads the recoveryofoundings
This is the first time I've ever heard of you.
#hghdivividedield#cheaperthanreplacementcostInvestmentthesis
whoyarewebulishonachinapatificinsurancegroup(cpig)now?
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The first 18-monthtransformationphasefchangementprogrammeis.
"shocktherapy," cpig'scoicdata businessandfincialsin2023showposivesigns.itsnewersandmarketvalueare
I don't know what you're talking about, likelyfirstreachtheurpingpointmentorksto1) stepdyincreaseinhumancapabilityof individualinsuranceteam; 2) bottoming-outofthebandectoofthebancassurancechannel; 3) new "product+service" systembuiltaraud 3corends (health,wealth,andredate).
Believethatcpig'sgrothin2023maycomefrom 1) rishingratiofcoretalentsand incomevelvel; 2) nbvmarginreddingtoitshistoricalpivot (2023:21%), drivenby increasesininstaltalmentpaymentplanandybridbusiness; 3) growingcapacitand
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
5%) >nci(-6%). Weestimatecpig'snbvgrothratestobe 8.3%/9.7%/7.3% in2023 - China Pacific (601601: 3/3 2022 Quarterly Review: Life Insurance Longer Phase
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Incentives. Webeliavethatin2023, thecomprehensivecostio(cor)ofauto insuranceislikelytobederpressure, andthenon-vehicleclaimemaybequiteh, China's Taibo (601601): Shanghai State Treasury
"duetofurtnaldisastersinrecentyears, eventoughthecoviccontrolmeatures havebeenrelexed.however,webelievecpig'sroeshouldremainat ~12%andimprove"
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Soochowsecurities international early warning & Rating: Weexpectcpig'snetincometoberm30.6/34.9/38.3bn brokeragelicedwouldlite
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Itsemproyeesxianghu, rinks 1) unsustainableffactivenessofewmanagementprogram; 2) impactofchairman yuxiangge, andjieyu
(c) Pandemicrence. zhu (Ju Jie feathers). Taibo, China (601601)
Insurance industry transition pole, lead value recovery corner, February 28, 2023.
Keywords: #The high rate of dividends # is lower than the replacement cost #
Since the beginning of the transition in China, the new operational value of life insurance (nbv) has been expected to improve for three consecutive quarters since 3q22, with production risk core indicators stagnating over recent years. After the first wave of freeing up after the epidemic, the logic of the increase in the insurance plate has moved from macro-level expectations to performance.
In 2023, a critical year for the transformation of risk-testing companies and the observation year for reshaping the industry’s oligarchic profile in preparation for the valuation split. The Long Life Insurance voyage is expected to complete the first 18-month conversion phase by the end of June 2023.
Life insurance leaders leapfrog in commitment to and confidence in transition, and corporate performance through “shock therapy” led to a core business and financial target of 2023 young people. The company’s new cards and values led the way, mainly as a result of: 1) the steady increase in core human capacity of a risk team; 2) value insurance.
The bottom-up role is evident; 3) the company builds a new “product-and-service” gold triangle around the three core needs of health, wealth, and old age. We believe that the company’s value growth in 2023 can be driven by: 1) core human capacity and its income levels.
2) As the share of paid-in operations and the contribution of the guaranteed savings portfolio rises, nbvmargin has an expected 1q23 listing rate of nbv up to 5% > life (+2% > life > >
Three, with the best business performance in recent years. We expect that in 2023, despite the easing of control over the disease, the combined cost ratio (cor) is under upward pressure, while the frequency of natural disasters in recent years has increased.
The issuance of non-car claims highlights, but is expected to be maintained at 12 per cent as a result of continued efficiency gains (e.g., renewal of vehicle insurance capacity, agricultural insurance, quarterly reviews: long-term life insurance transitions are beginning to emerge, capacity development, non-car development benefits, per capita output indicators, etc.)
Profit forecasting and investment rating: depth value, colouring still, insurance industry transition poles, lead
Chinese Taibo (601601). The core financial data for Shanghai State capital, we found that the absolute rate of growth of the Gestapo was second only to peace, higher than the life of the nation and Xinhua, and more than ever before, showed sufficient confidence at the bottom.
The average cash share of companies since their listing is over 40%, leading the financial sector, which is relatively less affected by the new accounting standards. Shanghai Treasury and executives continue to report on professional research and analysis.
In particular, thanks to the impact of the recent retirements on the success of the group's five-way transition; 3) the new crown pneumonia epidemic, which has become a heterogeneous strain; 1. The insurance industry: the plate rises from the macro after the first wave of freeing up after the disease.
After the first wave of unwinding after the epidemic, the plate valuations returned slightly, and the next phase focused on the recovery of the liabilities. My spring festival was mainly in the second half of January, slightly earlier than in previous years, and was affected by a staggered spring period, adding to last December's outbreak.
In January 2023, new single data were lower than before the same rate of increase, and we suggested that the risk firm nbv increase should be ranked as: Xinhua (+5%) > Life (+2%) > Peace (-5%) > , Xinhua (-6%), and that up-to-date up-to-date up-to-date insurance companies should maintain positive growth judgements of around 5% and remain recovery year 2023.
The market has gradually or will shift its focus from the asset end to the liability end, with 2023 being both a key year for testing the effectiveness of the transformation of life insurance companies and an observation year for reshaping the industry’s landscape to allow valuation to be divided. After an epidemic, life insurance companies are either actively or passively on the path of transformation, and we expect 2023 to be the year of industry transition, which, on the one hand, will be validated.
The pre-transitional effects, on the other hand, may be re-emerged, and the oligarchic patterns of the industry will change quietly.
In July 2021, the company launched the overall design of the long voyage conversion project, which identified eight clusters of projects for the full-scale transformation of channels, product-plus services, stock optimization, organizational culture systems and advocacy.
The firm implementation of the transformation of the Operation includes: 1. Designing a road map for 18 months of planning; 2. Strengthening the performance of physical manpower, particularly the core workforce-focused core core core of the Basic Law; and 3. Conducting in-house field transformation advocacy, the Division works together to face challenges and opportunities.
2.2. The commitment to transformation is strong, and the determination to return to client orientation is strong. Don't underestimate the commitment of the group and life-risk leaders to transformation. Under the guidance of the long-boat transition, corporate performance is lightened by the “shock therapy” of the core business and financial indicators.
Professionalization, he stressed, “Professionalization, i.e. the creation of a full-time, full-time team of marketing staff to eliminate false manpower”, which we believe to be an important reference for testing the effectiveness of corporate transformation.
Good performance and continuous performance, with a continuously rising core human capacity ratio and income levels. We believe that the company's 2023 value-added and its long mobility include: 1) increased workforce capacity, sustained momentum since 2q22, and that as class business contributions rise, the company's nbvmargin is expected to return to the center of history. 3) New recruitment agents, company recruitment.
The system is moving towards a high-quality growth orientation, and as newcomers continue to improve their productive capacity and retention, they will also maintain a customer-driven marketing philosophy for 2023, using the concept of full family risk insurance, which, guided by the long voyage transition, builds a whole new "product" around the three core needs of health, wealth and old age.
The gold triangle system. In a context where traditional high-risk products are expected to fall due to the expected decline in disposable income of the population, the company has taken the initiative to tap deep into the market potential, adhere to the customer demand-oriented marketing philosophy of “full-risk insurance for the whole family” and continuously improve its own insurance product system to respond to the growing and rich nature of its clients.
2.5. The kernel basic law leads to the beginning of a risky transformation 3q22 The initial success of the transformation, with the rise in the core manpower ratio being both a phased outcome and a core dynamic of next-stage traction and value growth. We believe that the growth of core human income is a continuous specialization, professionalization and numerical growth.
3q22's core human income is roughly 1.5 times the social wage, and the long-term goal is to actively explore the silver insurance channel within the next five years.
In the face of persistent shocks, the reversible growth of the new bond line has become an important complement to the size of the premium for life insurance companies, mainly affected by the continued spread of the epidemic, low long-end interest rates, low rates of innovation, reduced expected returns on property, continued coldness in the products of the Fund, large volatility in equity markets, and a combination of factors such as silver and silver for medium- and long-term bottom-up gains.
The comparative advantage of the financial business of insurance channels is evident, and clients are keen to improve their preferences. 2.7 trillion blue seas, accelerating the market for well-being in the layout, sustaining life insurance, building a second-growth curve in insurance plus health management, old-age services, and deepening “insurance”
Together with the company and industry fundamentals, we believe that the high- and high-value customer base is attracted through high-quality services in the community, and that the “gold triangle” of wealth, health, and old-age products and services is a useful attempt in a low-prevalence industry. The scale effect of high-quality services and national chains is continuous development.
The mooring river, where companies build a second-growth curve in insurance + health management, old-age services.
In 2022, the TPIP proposed a “renewal” of the transition. Under the Group's 2.0 transition, the TPIP was guided by “four insistents, three top leaders.” The `four insistents' were to adhere to the fundamental goals of quality development, to adhere to the core demands of customer operations, to adhere to the basic principles of compliance, and to adhere to the main path of transformational innovation.
The best, the best quality of business, the best wind control, and the best lead in the steady development of the industry. In 2022, production insurance continued to consolidate the ability to continue the voyage, boost the efficiency gains and achieve the best business performance in recent years.
In 2023, with the easing of disease control, CVC will rise, while in recent years the frequency of natural disasters has highlighted the risks. We expect CVC will rise in 2023, while the frequency of disasters has highlighted the risks.
Since the introduction of transition 2.0 in 2017, the major listed companies from 2017 to 2022 (e) have been able to review their financial data, and we find that the absolute increase in Taibo is second only to the safe, higher than the life of the nation and Xinhua, and that the overall rate of increase is excellent. In 2017-2022, China ' s combined rate of increase in net profits was 13.2% and 10.2%, respectively.
4.2. In order to better analyse the long-term profitability of the stock policy, we have used the quarterly disclosure of “future surplus/insurance contract liabilities” under Phase II to demonstrate the profitability of the stock policy.
Our molecules chose to use the future surplus of the policy to account for core-level capital (without deductions for capital-related liabilities), which included the future surplus of the policy to be created by each unit of contractual liability for personal insurance, the higher the value of which meant that the more profitable the policy to be used by personal-insurance companies, the more efficient the operation of the long-term liability would be. The future surplus of the policy to be accounted for in core-level capital at the end of 3q22 (not available)
Deduction of capital liabilities)/Insurance contract liabilities from high to low to Taekang (11.8 per cent), friendly life (9.5 per cent), survival insurance (8.3 per cent), too much (7.4 per cent), Chinese life (6.7 per cent), Pacific life (5.6 per cent), Xinhua life (5.3 per cent), and people, in order to better analyse the efficiency of capital operations, we calculated the “future surplus of the policy” per season disclosed under Phase II.
“Minimum capital” indicator. It should be noted that due to disclosure integrity constraints, our molecules choose to use future premiums to account for core-level capital (without deductions for capital liabilities), which includes future profits on long-term policies that require capital to be created per unit of consumption, the higher the value indicates that the less capital consumption per unit of a personal insurance company is, the more efficient the capital is.
The rate is even higher. At the end of the year, insurance policies with core-level capital will have a future surplus (without deductions for capital liabilities)/minimum capital from a high to a low to a high to a low level of life in Taekang (86.9 per cent), a friendly life (79.8 per cent), a conservative life (73.3 per cent), a life in China (56.7 per cent), a life in peace and security (54.2 per cent), a life in peace (51.6 per cent), a life in Xinhua (49.6 per cent) and a life in people (37.5 per cent).
4.3. Resilientness, relatively small in the light of new accounting standards. Group shares are retained over the years to strengthen resilience to changes in accounting standards. We calculate the amount that a company spends on “cash dividends from its subsidiaries - replenishment of its subsidiaries - to its external shareholders” over the years.
At this rate, the group has continued to accumulate positive cash flows since 2016, and there is an increasing trend towards an absolute cash flow. This is an indication of the low consumption of capital by two subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the strength of the group to stabilize future dividends, on the other.
In October 2022, the company announced that it had received a limited share of Shanghai State assets. The share of China's Gesellschaftsprüfers Ltd. (and its co-actors) in the share of the shares increased to 10.53 per cent.
8.30%, h shares 2.23%, this increase in a share. The transformation of the company’s long line of operations continues to fall short of expectations. The company’s focus on core manpower, and the implementation of the kernel basic law has initially been effective, but if the quality of the stock is not optimized as expected, the entrance to the new elite will be delayed.
China’s CEO, Koqing Wai, and Ban Yinghong, the chairman of the China Pacific Protection Group, have recently retired and, while the Group’s “Four” transition is dependent on the company’s concerted efforts, it will take time for the new leadership team to adjust its impact on the company’s transformation.
At the same time, the virulent strains of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic will drag asset-side equity market performance and long-end interest rate levels, as well as life-risk companies’ valuation levels and investment returns. At the same time, if macroeconomics continue to fail to recover to pre-epidemiological averages, even before liberalization, they will put a greater strain on long-end interest rates and equity markets, delaying life-risk portfolio valuations.
I have presented this report with diligence, independence, objectivity, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned; my specific suggestions or views contained in this report are past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to my remuneration.