Taibo, China (601601: Recovering Gary, long sails, Chinese tabu
The Chinese Pacificer published its 2022 annual report, which achieved business income of 455.372 billion yuan during the reporting period. The same company was founded on 13 May 1991.
The insurance group, which is based on ocean insurance companies, has grown by 13.5% over the same period. At the end of the group period, the value was $51.9621 billion, up from late last year. The company, headquartered in Shanghai, is the leading “a+h” in the country.
The company, which focuses on the insurance owner, has been expanding its operations around the insurance owner's chain, and has now achieved life, maternity, old-age and health insurance.
In the first six months of Shanghai's insurance, agricultural insurance and asset management, the full-scope layout of the insurance license plate, the scale of the epidemic and the long period of containment, the company's operations were under great pressure; the conflict in Russia and the United States of America.
The business block is developing in a shared way; attention to external shocks such as saving interest increases is also a major challenge for corporate investment-type operations.
The value and method of “client demand-oriented” has decreased the return on total investment by 1.1 to 3.9 per cent in the same year, and the net profit on group return has declined in the same year.
23.1 per cent. However, the benefits of the efficiency response and long-term life-risk change in the company have been gradually demonstrated, with the long: life-risk operations seeking high-quality new business value-added, and the sustained dynamism and investment performance of the production-risk operations gradually stabilizing, with the company at both ends of the second half of its life-span.
Long-term, production-risk operations maintained a profit-bearing policy, asset management operations gained momentum, total asset-end investment returns rose to 4.1 per cent, and the new business value of the liability life-risk was higher.
During the same period, 13.5% increased, the net return to the mother was 24.609 million yuan, a decline of 8.3% from the previous year, a decline in the life insurance channel reform to improve agent performance, and a continuous increase in the capacity of the workforce. Under the influence of the multiple internal and external shocks, Operation Long Air has become a direct catalyst for the downward recovery of indebtedness.
With technology in place, companies accelerate the transformation of agents' “triple five-most” occupational marketing, rely on “core” basic laws and specialized marketing platforms, introduce professional and systematic training and marketing teams, build core high-capacity manpower, upgrade the agents' workforce as a whole, improve quality, and provide agents with a monthly average.
Performance rate of 63.4 per cent increased by 11.3 percentage points from the same year to a monthly average of $6,844 in the first year of insurance operations, an increase of 47.6 per cent from the same year, with significant results.
Under this heading, the new business value of life insurance in the second half of the year reached $3.609 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent over the same year, bringing the growth rate of the new silver insurance channel throughout the year to build the first “growth pole” of life insurance. The comparative advantage of annuity-type products is gradually emerging against the backdrop of equity, increased volatility in bond markets and low annualized rates of return on savings and capital.
At the same time, the location of the commercial pension business also provides a new opportunity for the silver market to develop. The company has taken advantage of this opportunity to accelerate its efforts.
In 2022, 30,478 million yuan was achieved, an increase of 308.7 per cent over the previous year; 7 percentage points were raised in the same year. It is expected that as the company continues to operate in the same channel, the income from the operation will continue to grow at a high rate, the growth rate will continue to run the various channels of life insurance, and the future of the new business in the same channel will continue to grow.
The company's operations in 2022 were tested several times, but its performance was still quite bright. We believe that as the impact of the epidemic subsided, the agent industry returned to normal, and the impact of Operation Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Light Initiative became more effective.
The recovery of the domestic economy will lead to a recovery in the population’s disposable income, a simultaneous increase in the demand for various types of insurance, and a win in the company’s agent and silver insurance channels in 2023.
At the same time, steady high growth in production risks is expected to continue in 2023, becoming a “barrel stone” and an “engine” at the end of the debt. In addition, companies build healthy industries by building a healthy industry ecosystem through a healthy industry chain.
The development paradigm is expected to provide companies with a new “engine” for performance growth in an era of high commercial old-age risk. Overall, in 2023, there was much that could be done, and we looked forward to the company’s long-term prospects.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Chinese Taibo (601601) Recovering Grail, Long Airing Liu Jia Xiao, Bachelor of Arts from Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-monetary financial research experience.
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015; tenth Master of Economics in the Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; and joined East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.