There has been a slight increase in the performance of the planetary organisms (600161), which could be developed in the future by the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company issued a forecast of its performance for 2020, with a projected net return profit of $630 million, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the year, and an increase of $8.16 million, an increase of +1.34 per cent over the year. Four quarters of this is expected to result in a return in the industrial climate, a tightening of supply or a rise in prices.
In the future, market concentration is expected to increase further, taking into account trends in the foreign blood industry. Since 2018, the industry has moved out of the bottom of the landscape, with the overall stock and stock turnover falling.
However, in 2020, the approval rate of the slurry station was faster than in previous years, the overall state of the industry was faster, the slurry station was faster, and the leading companies were expected to rejuvenate. The company currently has 56 operating slurry stations (including substations).
In 2020, four additional slurry stations were approved (Eibin Yong-seong, Yin Gao Wu-sheng, Yongchang Lan-sheng, Hunan Jun-yun substation), and the number of slurry stations continued to be the highest in the country, despite a slight decline in the slurry levels affected by the epidemic throughout the year, which will be restored in the future as the new slurry stations mature. In 2019, the company generated 172 tons of slurry.
Ten thousand dollars, and there is still some 300,000 dollars to upgrade the space. Since its reorganization, the company has been actively organizing other blood products within it. The company has learned from its good management experience, built up a scientific operating management system around blood products, and helped to improve overall business efficiency and strengthen industry leadership.
• Expanding productive capacity, promoting research and development, and strengthening the long-term development base. There are sufficient reserves of productive capacity, the current size of the company's production capacity, the design of over 2,000 tons of capacity, the construction of new Yong-Aun bases and Yunnan bases, both 1,200 tons of capacity, which are expected to lead to a significant increase in the company's productive capacity in the future.
In December 2020, the company's human coagulation compound was approved for production, and the human coagulation factor viii was completed and submitted as supplementary information, which led to the reorganization of the human coagulation factor via and the salysis process of intravenous injection of human immune proteins. The clinical trials of the proteins are proceeding as planned. As the company is working on the product, they are expected to increase when they are successfully marketed.
1. Sky Forum Organisms (600161). Performance is temporarily delayed by the epidemic and provides the basis for the long-term development of the company.
The corresponding valuation is 79-fold, 65-fold, and 55-fold. Given that the company is the leader in the blood industry in the country, and its potential for future upgrading, it maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.