Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences Performance is largely in line with expectations, benefiting from planning for the installation of the 2020-2023 single plasma station in Yunnan Province, and further determination of slurry growth Events: Companies publish a performance forecast for 2020, with a projected net return profit for the whole year 2020
We expect the q4 end of the income line to be roughly the same as in 2019, and q4 to be more expensive. In 2020, due to the effects of the epidemic, the need for hospital end-of-care services decreased, and the disruption of slurry and production operations caused by the disease and post-construction control restrictions, among other things.
According to the Central Court of Justice, 4.23 million (-2%) and 3.03 million (+2.5%) were issued in 2020.
The total stock/flow (million shares) is expected to decrease the supply of blood products, which will continue to rise.
In 20 years, at the most, slurry levels are at the same level as in 2019, and the recovery of end demand is expected to maintain normal growth.
The long-term logic of the blood industry, the growth path, the successful progress of the project, the release of the productive capacity of the Institute, and the performance of the planetary creature (600161).
With the further expansion of the slurry, the three bloodskins are proposed to raise the shareholding ratio to no greater than the yield ratio and the increase in production and capacity utilization of the Thai slurry in Guizhou, and the increase in the ton slurry profit rate is expected;
In 2021, after the birth of a permanent blood system, the release of productive capacity and the commissioning of new products, it was hoped that the great planetary creature (600161), the ultimate rise in the epidemic, had been released by the end of 2020, according to an announcement, the enzyme complex had been approved for listing and was expected to weigh the human species.
In early 2021, the clot factor was approved for listing, recombined the coagulation factor, parsed statnium, and the optics were reduced, and the long-term growth logic was not changed.
The core competitiveness of the blood industry lies in its ability to expand its blood resources. The company has a continuous slurry capacity and steady slurry growth. The new energy inputs from the Yong-Aun base (1200 tons) + Yunnan blood system (1200 tons) + Land blood system (1200 tons) have improved production capacity security, while increasing production capacity.
At the end of December 2020, the Yunnan Provincial Health Board released Plan 2020-2023 (Application Draft) to plan for 20 additional units throughout the province.
In 2018, the planetary organisms invested in a slurry exchange station in Yunnan, investing $1.65 billion to build a production base of 1,200 tons of capacity, and the planet was able to set up a slurry station in Yunnan, a single slurry station in Yunnan, where it has now been approved and two slurry stations in Yunnan.
Sub-Yunnan released a single plasma station set-up plan (2020-2023), which is expected to continue to produce more in Yunnan in the next three years, which will be the most beneficial part of the slurry station set-up plan, with further determination of slurry growth and space for growth.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: scarce growth-logical blood products enterprises, growth paths, clear, certain, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. 2020 was affected by the increase in epidemic performance, and corporate slurry growth was determined in the medium to long term, and product lines were gradually on their way to realization.
The slurry and ton profit increases certainty and the sufficiency of the growth space, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating as a scarce domestic blood industry with a growth logic.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.