On the 10th of January 2021, there was an increase in the performance of the epidemic, and there was enough momentum for future growth.
With the impact of the epidemic, the year-round performance is expected to increase.
We expect the fall in profits in the quarter of q4 to be mainly due to the fall in the slurry volume of companies affected by the epidemic, which is relatively conservative in the second half of the year as the slurry volume recovers. The decline in the slurry volume in the first half of the year and the increase in the bulk signatures of the main varieties has been sustained.
As a result of the epidemic, the slurry volume of 2020h1 is about 697 tons (13.15%). According to statistics, the company accumulated a batch of 9.839 million bottles of blood products (marked) in 2020, a decline of 4.93% over the same period.
Report: A return in performance rate, a steady increase in the number of boosters and new products, or a structural abandonment of the special exempt species. Slurry volumes are expected to break again, with combined utilization rising to a high degree of certainty.
In December 2020, the Yunnan Department of Health and Welfare announced a plan for a new slurry station, which is expected to break again in mid-2020.
Review: The first half of the year, the first batch was issued with robust performance. 2020.08.28 20 new slurry stations are to be established in Yunnan, and the only two pilot slurry stations in Yunnan are owned by the company under the flag of Shanghai. The three companies are building new productive bases, which are expected to be launched in 2022-2024.
Production, and the company is actively promoting the new product layout, the human condensate compound was approved for listing in December 2020, and products such as eight factors, human fibre proteins, etc., are expected to be approved in 2022-2023.
The company, as the leader of the blood industry in the country, has a strong channel of resources, the number of slurry stations and the volume of slurry is the first in the country, and there is much room for greater efficiency in the use of slurry and slurry sources. We expect the company to operate in 20-22 years, the slurry is less than expected, the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, and the quality and safety of the product is at risk.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.