Life in China (601628): mid-2017.
Ma Xiangyun, business is worth $36.9 billion, a 31.7 per cent increase over the same period; at the end of the period, the value is $69.752 billion, and the ring is worth a fortune.
The significant recovery in investment contributed to high performance growth, while the remaining marginal excess expectations underpinned future performance: corporate net profit returns in the first half of the year grew by 17.8 per cent over the same period, and performance increased further in the first quarter, mainly as a result of high growth in business size while investment ends improved significantly. Companies achieved total investment in the first half of the year.
Revenues of 56.660 billion yuan, 11.5 per cent more than the previous year, total return on investment increased by 24bp to 4.62 per cent, resulting in a net negative impact on pre-tax profits of $13.18 billion. In addition, companies first exposed the remaining marginal balance, amounting to $57.688 billion, significantly exceeding market expectations and increasing from the end of the previous year.
A natural release that strongly supports future annual accounting profits. Nbv grew by 31.7%, while the premium structure continued to optimize to promote a significant increase in business value: 1) In the first half of the year, companies increased their premiums by 18.3% over the same period, driven by two rounds of first-year and renewed operations
The current and previous periods account for 47.67% of transactions, which remain at a high level. The silver insurance channel structure is further optimized, with premiums falling by 9.3% to 59.670 billion yuan per annum, while the new policy premium increases by 13% to 13.39 billion yuan per annum. 3) The company ' s business structure continues to optimize, pushing for value enhancement, with Nbv in the first half of the year.
At the end of the first half of the year, the company had a value of $69,752 million, a steady increase of 7% compared to the beginning of the year. The investment end was able to capture interest rate upswings with more solid allocation, and the country’s technological life led to change: 1) public
In the first half of the year, the division took advantage of the high stage of interest rates, increased the allocation of long-term bonds, non-valued products and increased equity investments proportionately, reduced the proportion of end-of-term bond allocation, improved stock assets, based on long-term downswings in future interest rates, and corporate assets in the first half of the year.
In addition, equity assets are allocated in blue, port, etc., to achieve significant benefits. 2) The company attaches great importance to the strategy of "Scientific Life" and continues to build on it, focusing on the construction of a new generation of integrated business processing systems.
Two mobile Internet platforms, e-shops, and more than 100 applications were launched, and a new generation of China's operations will lead to a change in the company's business management model to “customer-centred” in the first quarter of 2017.
Performance over-expected, investment against profit projections and investment ratings: corporate performance increased in the first half of the year, nbv over-expected and residual margins, life insurance values steadily increased, and the remaining margins strongly supported the gradual release of future accounting profits.
2. Life in China: Annual Report 2016 Review - Considering that the negative impact of reserve replenishments will gradually be eliminated and that future performance growth is expected to accelerate. Company performance is expected to meet expectations, with a strong increase in nbv
Good prospects for increasing the value of life insurance, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.