The net profit ring of 25q2 increased significantly, and the newly signed bill increased significantly - the country's performance rating of 2025h1 (600406.sh) 30 August 2025
Intranet markets, companies have landed in Shandong, Liaoning's new generation, and there is a huge increase in the number of new contracts.
The electricity spot market in Shanxi, Gansu, the electricity distribution system in Jiangsu, Beijing, the new generation in Jiangxi, Sichuan, the new generation in Seok-seok, Guangdong Yangjiang, the flow valves, the cloud platform, the safety shielding device at Bei Doo, etc.
The savings of Fujian and others, combined traffic surveillance of Sichuan and the computer surveillance of thousands of local hydroelectric plants, have increased their speeds and the operational structure has continued to optimize. The offshore revenue of 1,225h1 is $1.987 billion, a new breakthrough in inter-state business expansion, market growth in Saudi Arabia and South America, and a soft switch of flow valves and other markets.
Major projects such as adms, Svc supply in Indonesia, integrated solutions for smart electricity collection and camera-recording have been successfully introduced into the Brazilian market, web-based transport operations have been applied to the Chilean market, and transformer plant protection and automated products have been introduced into the Nicaraguan market.
Investment proposals: companies as full grid intelligence, digital poles, technological innovation and production chain integration advantages are evident and will benefit fully from the high investment profile of the grid; new energy sources, transhipments, water, and city performance appraisals for the GSM (600406.sh):
RMB, equivalent to 20.49 times and 18.36 times, maintains a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.