q2 short-term pressure on profits, medium- and long-term distribution of multi-product layout support — Slanwa (600460.sh) incident evaluation report, Slanwa published on August 19th, 2023 semi-annual report: first half of 2023
Iuzy@cfsc.com.cn  The structural segmentation of the market was evident, with the growth of the ring ratio in q2 camps.The domestic semiconductor market continued to show significant structural divisions in the first half of 2023.
The demand for the general consumer electronics market is relatively weak, while the demand for automobiles and new energy markets is more robust; in addition, influenced by national policy orientation, the Department of National Production has been able to acquire technology and angloco among other non-mobile financial assets held in the first half of the year.
The fall in the prices of skilled stock led to a loss of 225 million in fair value movements. (2) Companies are expected to increase rapidly in their output of integrated circuit products at high thresholds such as large white power, communications, industry, new energy sources, cars, etc.
During the first half of 2023, corporate ipm modules, dc-dc circuits, led lighting and low growth, power semiconductor idm taps opened with more than a few loads of products such as voltage-driven circuits, 32-bit mcu circuits, fast-loaded circuits, etc.
Flowers 2023-05-24 has been significantly upgraded. Among these, the company ' s ipm module has been widely applied to several national mainstreams, 2, Slanwa (600460): product structure
White power plant operators, with more than 53 million usages, an increase of 51 per cent over the same year, have continued to be optimized with a fixed increase in capacity-building. Industry and cars have reached 5.6 million and 600,000, respectively; and six axes have been used.
2022-10-17 Inertial Sensors (imu) have been sold in bulk and have passed through a domestic brander, 3, Slanwa (600460): 2022h1
Mechanical certification; increased availability of mems sensor products in the consumer domain and performance, optimized product structure support rapid expansion to white power, industry, automobiles, etc.
Modular products are about to be produced, and core technologies are expanding. The company has completed the development of the second-generation sic-mosfet technology, based on this technology.
The main power-driven module of the electric car, which has been tested in part by a client, is expected to produce and deliver in the third quarter of 2023. The company uses the characteristics of multiple product lines to expand technology and product platforms and concentrates on advanced vehicle regulations and industrial power sources.
Management of product, vehicle and industrial power semiconductor devices and modular technology, mems sensor products and process technology, and signal chain mixes at vehicle and industrial levels Five major technical areas such as electrical circuits, photovoltaic series products, and full promotion of special processes
But the company has a leading role in the domestic compartmentalization of devices, and the idm model.
The ability to control costs and the prospects of the market are high, so that the “buy-in” downstream demand climate is not restored as expected; the capacity of firms is not used as expected; the process of research and development of new products is not developed as expected; customers are not developed as expected.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Kyotan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Seok with four years of experience, reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.