On 14 July 2023, Slanwa issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2023, which was over-expected by the non-current round-up, and short-term losses due to changes in fair value at the profit end. Downstream consumer electronics recovered weakly in the first half of 2023, with some consumer-type products coming out.
There has been no significant increase, prices have fallen, and companies are running short-term pressure on consumer products. In addition to low- and medium-end consumer applications, companies have increased the promotion of high-threshold markets such as large white power, telecommunications, industry, new energy sources, cars, etc., and have simulating circuits, gbts, etc.
Products such as ipm smart power module, pim power module, carbonated silicon power module, excess modsfet device, mcu circuits, compounds chip, etc., are expected to grow by 7% in the first half of the year and by about 17% in the q2 battalion.
The price of middle-energy technology, the price of road technology shares fell, leading to a 6 inch change in fair value of 2.3804 million chips, 8 inches in chips of 650,000 chips, 12 inches in chips of 470,000 chips, sizes of extras, 65.23 million chips of extras, low demand in the q1 consumer market this year, 5 inches, 6 inches in line of production.
The q2 company actively seized market orders and adjusted the product structure, and the 5 inch and 6 inch capacity utilization has returned to about 90 per cent, with a significant reduction in the q2 operating loss level over q1.
Hangzhou Slander Holdings Ltd. Sword refers to the new energy market for cars, and the main drive module is starting to go up. The company continues to accelerate the construction of the car class, the industrial level circuit and the device chip platform, and increases the vehicle level power module and
The cost of research and development for the new energy power module has increased by about 15% over the same period last year. Currently, the electric motor drive module of the v-digbt and frd chips, based on corporate ownership, has been tested by a number of customers in the country and has been delivered in bulk to some of them.
Downstream demand does not match the expected risks; market competition increases the risks; semiconductor cycle downwards, and the data used in the present report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and fair, and the findings of the report are not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.