The collection of electron separation devices iii is expected to grow on a seasonal basis, and chip design and technology development are developed in parallel with technological development to reinforce the moat.
The company published its semi-annual performance report for 2023. In 2023, H1 generated $4.476 billion in operating income, which increased product promotion in high-threshold markets by the same amount as in 2023, which contributed to a two-quarter growth in the ring. 2023q2 registered a revenue of $2,409 million, an increase of 10.33 per cent.
In response, the company increased analogue circuits, igbt devices, ipm smart power modules, pim power modules, carbonated silicon modules, super-strength mosfet devices, mcu circuits, chemos.
Products such as chips and devices are promoted in large-scale high-threshold markets such as white power, telecommunications, industry, new energy sources, and cars. (2) Active capture of market orders and restructuring of products: 23q1 due to weak consumer market demand, controlled stock company Schillings 5 inches and 6 inches of chip production lines are underblown, and capacity utilization is reduced, resulting in Slan.
An operating loss occurred; 23q2 returned to about 90 per cent of Sran ' s combined and 6 inch capacity utilization through active market grabs and restructuring of products, with a significant decrease in operating losses in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. (3) Reed on the top of the new product: due to increased competition in the market price of the led chip, the company ' s led chip price was higher than last year.
The bottom drop was 10-15%, resulting in a larger operating loss for Slander, a major shareholder, Slander. In this case, the company, while securing the market share of the chip, speeds up car lighting chips and plants.
New products such as lighting chips; second-quarter LED production line capacity has returned to 90 percent left, Wang Haivi right, and Led chip sales have increased at a certain level over the same period last year.
The development of chip designs has been developed in parallel with the development of technology and process technology, and the reinforcement of protected rivers. 2023h1 continues to expand on new products such as analogue circuits, power devices, power modules, mems sensors, carbonated silicon mosfet.
Inputs to speed up the construction of a platform for motor and industrial circuits and device chips, and to increase the development of motor power modules and new energy power modules, with a 15 per cent increase in R & D costs compared to the same period last year. (1) Chip design, R & D: nine product lines according to the technical characteristics of the product, companies continuously promote the development of new product lines and
Industrialization to maintain continuous capacity for product upgrading and business transformation in line with market changes. (2) Technology platform R & D: built on the steady operation of the 5, 6, 8 and 12 inches of chip production lines and the fast-growing production lines of advanced compounds, and built up new products and new technological R & D teams.
Nationally leading processes such as high pressure bcd, super thin slot grid gbt, super-high pressure mosfet, high-density groove grids mosfet, fast recovery of diodes, mems sensors, sic-mosfet devices, etc., form a more complete process manufacturing platform.
A firm move toward design and manufacturing as one model + a focus on five main product and technology areas will provide a solid foundation for subsequent development. Companies will fully capitalize on the advantages of the Idm model, focusing on high-end customers and high-threshold markets; focus on the current opportunities for rapid growth of the automobile and new energy industries; and seize the time window for the active import of home-grown chips by high-threshold industries and customers.
Port, focusing on five main product and technical areas, such as advanced and industrial power management products, semiconductor devices and modules, technology, mems sensor products and processes, signal chains and hybrid signal processing circuits at car and industrial levels, photovoltaic series products, using multiple different sizes of silicon chip production lines and compounds production lines
It is proposed that, in view of the relatively low level of e-market view downstream in 2023, demand will not recover.
62.4/35.0/29.2 times. Given Slander’s leading position in the area of separation devices and the cost of the idm model, the company’s products have been co-ordinated, integrated into the whole system, market prospects are wide, and purchases are maintained.