In the second quarter of the year, the growth rate was about 10%, and in the ring it was about 17%. In the second quarter of the year, the company issued a performance forecast for the second quarter, with a 17% increase in the 2023th quarter. The company is expected to record a record high in the first half of the year.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn The impact of the fall in prices of techno-tech, Ambrose-Technology shares, resulting in a net tax collection of 098052108001 after their fair value changes
Short-term pressure on 5 and 6 inches of product line and led operations is expected to improve profitability through product restructuring. As a result of reduced consumer-type demand, Sland’s combined production capacity decreased by 5 and 6 inches, falling down downstream product prices and retrenching profits. In addition, Led chip prices declined from the end of last year.
By adjusting the product structure, the 2q23 capacity utilization of the led chip line has recovered to about 90%, sales have increased by the same amount, while profit-side improvements are still time-consuming and are expected to improve gradually as product structure is optimized.
The company ' s auto-grade modules have been expanded and the mass-transformation phase has been gradually transitioned. According to Ne-Code data, the company ' s vehicle-ended gbt main drive module has been built on the Biadi, Gillitang and other models. Currently, the Automobile Semiconductor Encapsulation Project (part one) produces 7.2 million car-grade units per year.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price is gradually moving forward, and the company has the capacity to produce about 100,000 or more car-grade modules per month. According to the company announcement, it is expected that the vehicle module project will yield $2.77 billion after delivery.
A profit of $268 million. Due to the long lead-to-exercise period for small bulk deliveries of automobile modules, the public-sector model is expected to enter the phase of volume change after 24 years. 1h23 R & D investment increased by 15% over the same period, and carbonated silicon lines accelerated.
The cost of developing new products such as power devices, power modules, mems sensors, carbonated silicon mosfet is 15% higher than in the same year. Slanming silicon carbonated silicon line planning for 120,000 chips/year, sicsbd chips/year, 22 years, 4 quarters of sic chip production line is already in place.
According to the company’s announcement, it is expected that 2,097 million yuan will be collected after the fourth birthday of the carbonated silicon line, representing a net profit of 138 million yuan.
Investment proposal: We look forward to a double-up of the company's silicon-based device production and product, and a pre-silicon carbonized layout. Slanwa (600460/sh) - 3.25 per cent increase in quarterly revenues on a par with 3.25 per cent increase in a single month in March, Slanwa (600460/sh) - a 15 per cent increase in 12 inches of chip production on a par with a 22-year basis.
Slanwa (600460.0.sh) - Granted, accelerated expansion of car-grade products Short-term pressure on Slanwa (600460.0.sh)-3q22 performance, build-up of capacity. Slanwa (600460.0.sh) - Silicon and carbonated silicon device dual-wheel drive, long injection
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth in the last five years (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Company ' s product collection structure for the last five years (%) Figure 3: Company ' s non-parent net profits and rate of increase in the last five years (billion yuan, per cent)
Figure 4: Company ' s combined Māori rate, net interest rate (%) for the last five years: company R & D input and share of revenue (billion yuan, %) Figure 5: Company ' s cost rate for the last five years (%)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject