03/06/2019: Pauli Realty Proclamation: first public offer of equity claims outside the Pavli Property Industry by fully owned subsidiary (h-stock)
For the first time, the company announced that it had issued an application for shares outside of the company’s Pauli Property Industry (h-stock) for the first time.
In 2018, the Polytechnics acquired a regional campus to manage the China-South project, building a national platform for the management of campus properties, and working with the Tiangum government on a strategic basis to officially launch the “Governance” project.
By the end of 2018, corporate property management was placed in 131 of the country's cities, with a combined position in the top five branches of the country's property management.
By the end of June 2018, the Pavli industry had for the first time made a breakthrough of 200 million square metres, an increase of 66.18 per cent over the previous year; of these, 58.19 per cent were exterior projects and nearly 50 per cent were non-residential projects.
Improved, sufficient cash flow guarantee, “Intra-natural growth + extended expansion” double-wheel drive, with scale effects and branding effects expected to continue. Land grabs of $18.6 billion, 76% less compared to 76% less; land area of 3.4 million square metres less compared to the previous year
• Investment proposal: Poly property has been investing actively in recent years, and land reserves have been abundant for the future of the company. 2, Poly Property (600048): “One Master”
The expansion provides a solid foundation. The corporate strategic layout cores of cities, with precision in product orientation: while the public and two-wing strategy is more explicit, deep-seated into a strong corporate background that can help companies get brand premiums and low financing costs and raise competitions.
The second-line core city 2019-04-16 maintained its growth, with continued caution and business risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk; and the monetization of sheds was less than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board