A small minority shareholder gain or loss in laying the basis for the growth of sales in the earth's storage system.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 32.75 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $18.9 billion attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase in revenue driven by an increase in the average settlement price of the same year, and a release of future performance driven by a high completion rate. In 2018, the company realized a profit of $18.9 billion, an increase of 20.9 per cent in the same year, driven by a 9.7 per cent increase in the settlement area.
The main factor behind the 21% increase in average prices was the average settlement price. The company’s planned completion of 27.5 million square metres in the current year, a 24% increase in the same year, coupled with sufficient outstanding resources, the average settlement price is expected to continue to rise steadily, and the release of the year’s performance is to be expected.
This year's sales are expected to rise to a new level. In 2018, the company achieved sales revenue of $40.48 billion, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year and 27.6 million square metres in the same year, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year.
A reasonable layout, with 60% of second-line cities and 30% of the core three- and four-line cities around urban areas, we believe that there is a reasonable optimism about the company’s sales this year. The square metre, which is 114% of the sales area, continues its steady expansion in the land and holds the scale of the sales.
Continued growth lays the foundation; the average floor price is $6,186 per square metre, and the price of the floor is stable relative to $6,118 per square metre in 2017.
The net profit growth was lower than the rate of growth, mainly because the share of gains and losses of minority shareholders in net profits was about 70 per cent, and from the perspective of the financial statements, we do not believe that the ratio of gains and losses of minority shareholders of a company would increase further, and that future net return profits are expected to increase at a faster rate than the rate of increase.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s high growth in sales, robust release, soil storage, adequate and centralized layout, low valuation, certainty and growth. We expect the company to be a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Paulie Realty (600048): The profit/loss ratio of the minority shareholders who lay the foundation for the growth of sales in the earth storage board will improve the economic and financial well-being of the East.
The industry has a systematic understanding of the industry and is good at systematically analysing industry trends and corporate operations at multiple levels. Click here to enter text.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Poly property (600048): the profit/loss ratio of the minority shareholders who lay the basis for the growth of sales in the earth's storage boards will improve.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.