As the country's first A.I.L.L.E.L.E.L.C., the Ensign A.I. Core A.I. has great potential for development.
The 1.0 era has entered the 2.0 era and is expected to move away from a project-based, custom-based business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c, producing standardized products to achieve artificial intelligence technology on a commercial scale.
Focus 1: How to break the gains and gains? In 2019, the company entered the strategic 2.0 era, adding a new goal of per capita efficiency gains, which led to the release of profits through business focus and incremental performance. For the first time, corporate profits increased faster than incomes in 2019.
The 24.3 per cent increase in Māori per capita, the 5.8 per cent decline in the total number of employees, and the 4.1 pct decline in the cost of sales reflect good business performance and are expected to continue in the future.
The core technology team has remained stable since the company was listed and has received strong government support to become a state-level artificial intelligence platform. The company has global leadership not only in the core areas of voice recognition and speech synthesis.
We believe that cognitive-intellectual upgrading companies expand the application landscape and open up room for growth. Focus 3: How can a dominant track achieve a commercial dimension?
The company has gradually formed a closed circle of “data-arithmetic-products” on the advantage track, building a competitive advantage of “just-in-demand-in-substantiation” that has produced stick cases, applications, standardized products, and led to the commercial scale of the company's core technology. The company now has hundreds of billions of advantage lanes: 1) intelligence.
Classrooms: Short-term benefits from “stopping school”, long-term benefits from educational informatization of 2.0 million yuan in orders, moving from Anhui to the whole country. The estimated market size of 41.5 billion yuan; 2) personalized learning manuals: a fixed-level secondary market, which contributes a continuous income each year, with few competitors with a clear pre-emptive advantage.
The estimated size of the market is 20.3 billion yuan per year; 3) Impartial medical assistants: the outbreak has led to information inputs for primary health care, adapted to the concept of stratification, targeted diagnostic aids for common diseases, signed a strategic agreement with Hubei, moving from Anhui to the whole country.
However, nationwide dissemination has been achieved, with an estimated market size of 6 billion yuan; (5) ancillary case-handling system: access to data from the bottom of the Public Prosecution Act, which is disseminated regionally and is still in the process of cultivation, with a long-term market size of 12.5 billion yuan; 1.
6) Consumer business: Focus on communication and office scenes, to be cut in with a translator, to form an office-wide production series, technology-enabling melody - industrial Internet depth, to be recognized by users, to double growth, and to have a wide future.
(a) The proliferation of domestic and foreign epidemics, restrictions on business activity and demand for orders;
2) Government investment in education, health, etc. is not as strong as expected; 3) consumer product recognition and diffusion are less effective than expected; 4) industrial competition is increasing and firms ' pre-emptive advantage is diminishing.
1.1 The country’s intelligent voice has grown rapidly, with a strong voice semantic sector and the country’s first artificial intelligence company listed on the market.
The Department was founded in 1999 as a well-known Asian-Pacific company with smart voice and artificial intelligence on the market. The company has been working directly on research in the area of speech semantics to date, and has expanded to other areas of artificial intelligence.
In June 1999, Dr. Liu Qingfeng led 17 students from China, set up a voice technology company in a house called the Star Studio in Anhui, and then changed its name in 2000 to “Scientific News Flying.”
In 1999, three investment agencies led by the municipality were invested in a total of 30 million yuan. In 2001, a “half soup conference” was held to formalize the direction of the speech industry, turning the main business into a client-oriented business.
Tob battlefields for services. The company’s development followed up on the fast track, continued to expand in the areas of voice semantics and artificial intelligence, and was successfully marketed in 2008 as the first company to be listed in China’s artificial intelligence industry. In 2019, the company’s revenue level passed 10 billion yuan, with a 38 per cent increase in compound income to date.
Chart 1 shows the course of the development of a “top-up” development strategy, forming a “platform-plus-track” development model. The company has always adhered to the “top-up-up” development strategy, which means that the “top-up-up” is a technology that takes over the area of artificial intelligence through a large amount of research and development inputs.
"Standing up" is where the core technology is commercialized, translating technological achievements into corporate growth. In concrete landing applications, the "platform+track" model is developed.
On the basis of a platform that brings together large-scale developers to form a sound industrial ecology, the re-use of bottom-level technologies in the design and delivery of products can be opened up to the outside world, and third-party partners can be introduced. On this basis, the news explores a number of local races, including education, medicine, politics, smart cities, cars, consumers.
Products, etc., that combine ai technology with real life, and use artificial intelligence to help companies and individuals increase their efficiency, thus making ai technology truly valuable.
1.2 The AI strategy moves into phase 2.0, with the business focus leading to efficiency gains Phase 1.0 of the AI strategy (2015-2018): Increased investment in research and development and exploration of industry applications. The corporate AI strategy went through two phases. In March 2015, the company proposed at the tenth meeting of the third board of directors that “the company wants”
To achieve rapid and sustainable development, the company's artificial intelligence strategy will enter the 1.0 age, with a constant core of technological leadership, not just profit growth as a development indicator, but through user growth and sales scale growth. There will be large-scale and sustained research and development in the area of artificial intelligence, the construction of industrial ecology, the exploration of education, health care, law and order.
At this stage, the company has identified forward-looking decisions on “addressing key artificial intelligence machines in the window, not pursuing current post-tax profit growth, investing funds firmly in determining future strategic directions” and on “core technology international leadership, rapid growth in revenue, rapid growth in user size”
We believe that the main task of the company’s AI 1.0 era is to explore the i-application scenario, without targeting net profits, mainly to maintain income and rapid user growth. Thus, large-scale investment at this stage has led companies to maintain pre-eminence in the area of artificial intelligence, while at the same time giving the impression that the market is “no gain”.
Artificial intelligence strategy phase 2.0 (2019-): i-tech is commercial in size, with a dividend realization period. After several years of exploration, the company has gradually developed the conditions for a-tech commercialization on an advantage track, resulting in three major artificial intelligence firms, namely, “real and visible applications, scale-promoting products, statistically proven applications”
Standards. In 2019, the company began to move to the Artificial Smart Strategy 2.0 phase, adding the goal of per capita efficiency gains, in addition to the three goals of continuing to be a technological leader, growth in income, and growth in the number of users.
In the context of growth, the goal of sustaining rapid growth in income and Māori has led to an increase in net profits matching income and Māori, and to a gradual release of profit-end benefits. We believe that the company is now moving into a phase of artificial intelligence cash-off, with business focus and efficiency improvements, and is expected to move away from a lack of revenue gains.
The business focus has led to efficiency gains, with three dimensions proving the company’s effectiveness in the 2.0 phase of its strategy. We believe that the business effectiveness of the Department’s artificial intelligence strategy of 2.0 has gradually been reflected in its financial performance in 2019, and we interpret the changes that have taken place in the company from the next three dimensions:
1) The profit growth rate was the first to exceed the profit-side performance, and business focus led to the release of profit-side performance. Starting in 2015, companies entered the A.I.P. 1.0 era, actively exploring multiple scenarios of artificial intelligence applications, thus achieving a rapid increase in income, with an even higher 64% increase in 2017. On the other hand, due to investment in research and development costs.
In 2019, as the company achieved the size of the ai technology on the advantage track, the company moved into strategy 2.0, with a business focus, reduced investment in a number of lucrative tracks that were not yet clear, and focused on people and energy.
According to the company’s findings, the company focused more than 170 products on more than 20, and further clarified the eight core product lines that it focused on this year. In the process, while the company’s revenue growth slowed somewhat, the business focus led to a decline in cost inputs, and the company’s profits began to come free.
We believe that this will be an important turning point in the growth of corporate profits. In the future, profit growth is expected to continue to outpace income growth. 2) The growth rate of people is slowing, and per capita Māori is rising.
A reduction in some of the unnecessary product lines has led to sustained growth in the context of controlling the size of the workforce. In 2019, the number of company employees fell by 5.8 per cent over the year, raising the average Māori ratio by 24.3 per cent to 420,000 yuan per person per person, resulting in a significant increase in per capita benefits.
Sales teams work together to expand the operations of core product lines and integrate front-line market demand into product development and grinding processes, thus achieving sustained growth in core operations under staff size control. Second, research and development staff investment is reduced through co-development platforms and modular software and technology.
The company is expected to maintain a modest growth in the size of its staff over the next few years, at a rate lower than income growth, thus making it possible to achieve a sustained increase in current per capita benefits.
3) Sales and management cost rates have declined. Driven by the objective of strategy 2.0 business focus and efficiency enhancement, corporate sales cost decreased by 4.1 pct in 2019 and management cost decreased from 11.96 per cent to 7.01 per cent, reflecting a positive decrease in the cost rate in figure 6.
Concern 2: Are core technologies in the lead? 2.1 Core technical teams remain stable for strategic implementation. Core technical teams have remained stable since the company was listed.
In 2019, President Liu Qing Feng held a personal share of 5.42%, but also had 15 natural persons such as Wang In-hwa, Wu Xiaohua, Hu Mu, Jiangtao and others, as well as the rights and interests of Scientology and Technology. In addition, he became a co-actor with the Quantico Holdings, with 21.68% voting rights, exceeding the first major shareholder, China, which moved and became the actual controlling agent of the company.
We believe that the stability of the core technical team is conducive to the implementation of the company’s strategy, and provides a good environment for continuous innovation. Among the core teams of the company, Chen Tao, Wu Xiaohui, Hu Hu, and others were given “National technological advances.”
National honours such as the Step 2 Award, “Access to the State Department's Special Allowances”, are leading in technology. Figure 7 Corporate equity structure 2.2 received strong government support to become a national artificial intelligence platform
In January 2016, the Anhui government launched the Program for the Accelerated Promotion of the “Internet Plus” initiative, which explicitly provides for the “Internet+” initiative, in which artificial intelligence became an important part of the development of the Anhui industry. In 2017, Anhui Province released China (United States of America)
In 2018, the People's Government Office of Anhui Province issued Development Plan for the New Generation of Artificial Smart Industries in Anhui Province (2018-2030), which proposes industrial development “more than one nuclear site”
In September 2017, the Anhui provincial government issued a circular on the issuance of policies to support the construction of the Chinese Soya Valley, which supports the development of the Chinese Soya Valley in all areas of technological innovation, flagship enterprises, industrial clustering, products, applications, talent development, outreach and financial support.
At the same time, it has been identified as the core of China’s Soul Valley development. We believe that Anhui Province and Hoyoshi City are willing to invest in artificial intelligence, using artificial intelligence as an important driving force for future development, and the development of artificial intelligence enterprises in Li Anhui.
China’s Soya Valley was built around science and technology in its early years. China’s Soya Valley produced 81 billion yuan annually in 2019, and will reach 100 billion yuan in 2020.
In November 2017, the Ministry of Science and Technology launched the “New Generations of Artificial Intelligence Development and the Launch of Major Science and Technology Projects” to announce the first four new generations of people from four countries.
A list of smart open innovation platforms, including Pepsi, Ali, Tetsu and science high-speed flights, offered to build a smart voice open innovation platform based on the Itoco majore, officially becoming a national artificial intelligence platform based in Bisibat. It then took over the first CSI national priority laboratory, the first National Engineering Laboratory for Voice and Language Information Processing.
Two national priority laboratory projects. We believe that the presence of these national laboratories reflects the country’s recognition of the power of science and technology, and that the future of science and technology is likely to depend on national laboratories, continue to recruit good people and continue to be creative at the source.
2.3 Perceptive intelligence: voice recognition and synthesis technology: global lead voice recognition: global lead in multiple champions, remote and noise environments for the fifth international multichannel speech separation and recognition competition (chime-5). September 2018, fifth international multichannel speech separation and recognition
The results of the chime-5 competition were revealed, and the two end-to-end speech recognition tasks (rankb) for single microphone arrays, distributed microphone arrays (ranka) and two mic arrays, for a total of four consecutive rounds of rounding up all project champions and refreshing the best performances of the projects.
Chime is a difficult competition in the international speech recognition assessment, launched in 2011 by a French computer. The aim of the competition is to create a new voice recognition solution for the actual scenes affected by high noise and mixing, in both academic and industrial circles, to further enhance the usefulness and universality of speech recognition.
Participants in the chime competition included top international high schools and research institutions such as Cambridge University, Carnegie Mellon University, Johns Hopkins University, Ntt Japan, Qinghua University, Central School Acoustic Institute, Middle School Automated Institute, 20 real family dinners in the north-west for recording competition data to study and test different venues such as home parties.
Remote voice recognition in free conversation styles. The challenges of the competition include, inter alia, synchronizing multiple microphone arrays, recording; a very free and easy conversation style; a lot of speechoverlap; and the impact of remote mixing and noise interference on recording.
In this difficult world-class game, the SAT system has reduced the official baseline error rate by 35 basis points, won four champions, and once again confirmed the fundamentals and great technical skills of the SAT flight in voice recognition and multi-micro array voice signal processing. We believe that SAT can gain the crown of voice recognition technology in the international arena.
Voice synthesis: 14 years in a row, the champion of the international blizzardchallenge, nature and resemblance are close to the human level. Blazzardchallenge is the most authoritative and influential international in speech synthesis.
The race, in 2019, was the first to use Chinese as a part of the competition, and in 2019, Blizzardchallenge was called the “most difficult” mission.
Similarity, error rate, three evaluation projects. Two levels of naturality, similarity were removed from the participation system submitted by the aircrew team, where the alert naturally increased the level of the most critical indicator in the field of synthesis from 4.0 moss in 2018 to 4.5 moss, a record high. Mos indicator 5 was equal to the broadcast level of the news anchor and 4 represented ordinary university students.
Levels of 4.0 to 4.5 range from "good" to "good" quality, with a gap of only 0.2 moss between the sound recording of Mr. Rajen Woo. Therefore, we believe that the telecommunications flight is also a global leader in speech synthesis. Image recognition: Ocr recognition technology and medical image recognition are internationally leading.
In August 2018, at the 24th International Model Identification Congress (icpr2018), the Mtwi Graphics Challenge competition, which brought together all three mission champions, further highlighted the fact that all three of them were in power.
So far, the technology has been widely applied to mobile terminals, educational examinations, and legal aid. In addition, it has been arranged for medical video diagnosis. In 2017, it was used in international medical video collars.
The authority of the domain to measure the impact of an average recall rate of 92.3% has made it a significant advantage to obtain the first world record of this assessment. The luna (lungnoduleanalysis) assessment is the most powerful international assessment in the field of lung pulmonary testing and one of the most representative and focused assessments in the field of medical imaging.
The lowest level of artificial intelligence based on deep-neural network models is common, and the accumulation of technology in traditional speech is also able to migrate to machine visual and image recognition, thus opening up a wider space for the application of artificial intelligence technology.
2.4 Cognitive intelligence: Semantic understanding is increasing, leading the international authoritative machine in reading and understanding, and semantic comprehension is increasing. In addition to being a global leader in perception and intelligence, there is good research in the current areas of cognitive intelligence that still need to be broken.
Outcome. In 2019, the International Authority Reading Understanding Assessment (Squad) initiated by Stanford University evolved to 2.0 and attracted a large number of nationally and internationally renowned research machines such as Google, Microsoft Asia, ibm Institute, Aribbadamo Academy, Peace Technology, Shanghai Transport University, University of Rehabilitation, etc.
The system model submitted by the contestants, after reading a chapter in the data set, needs to answer a number of questions based on the content of the articles and then compare them to the artificially marked answers to arrive at a precise match (exactmatch)
F1-score. The exact match is the answer given by the machine and the answer given by the person. The fuzzy match is the result of the answer given by the person.
On the other hand, the difficulty is raised again by adding "unanswerable questions." That is, the participation system reads the chapter after it has been read. If the question cannot be answered through a previously read text, the answer is refused; if the judgement is answered, the answer is given in a series of segments of the chapter.
In such a difficult reading comprehension competition, the human score was 86.831, F1 score 89.452, and the Flying System score was 87.147, and F1 score 89.474 in order to win over the human level, creating the first two indicators in the world that exceeded human history.
Cognitive intelligence is the direction in which artificial intelligence evolves, and machine reading and understanding technology helps to widen the application landscape. We believe that in the field of cognitive intelligence, through deep learning algorithms, machines have acquired a greater visual and hearing capability than humans, and that current technology applications are relatively mature. In the field of cognitive intelligence, machines are still far more diverse than humans.
On the other hand, through its technological arsenal in machine reading and understanding, it has developed the scenes of its arrival.
And products. For example, a machine-automatic reading of test scenes, a personalized learning manual for students learning scenes, an intellectually assisted case system in the field of case trials, etc., require cognitive skills and will open up future growth space for the event.
Concern 3: How does the dominant track achieve a commercial dimension? 3.1 “Data-Arithmetic-Producers” form a closed ring, while the open platform constructs an industrial ecology “Data-Arithmetic-Produced” form a closed loop, building a competitive advantage of “new needs-and-substitute differences” and ultimately achieving ai-Technology
The scale of the technology is commercial. Summing up the company's fights in various niches, such as education, medical care, and political law, we believe that the main competitive advantage is the closure of the "data-arithmetic-product" industry, thus creating the "just needed-to-be" barriers to competition, and ultimately the size of the product.
First, it relies on the resource advantages of the deep-farming smart voice industry for many years, and it can be assembled as a result of the piloting of the use of the poles, which can be used by the users as a way of using the smart track, such as education, politics, and medicine, by taking advantage of the market through pre-emptive advantage, and by taking the lead in the introduction of relevant smart applications.
Data, constantly optimizing algorithm models and grinding products to produce "Application effectiveness with statistical evidence " . Once the pilot user has produced benefits, the signal can be used to expand other similar types of customers, develop common techniques and functions in client demand, standardize and modularize product design, and form.
"Standard products of scale spread." Eventually, under the closed "Data-Arithmetic-Producer" loop, companies formed a pattern of stick cases, application effectiveness, standardized products, and eventually realized that the ai technology was commercial in size on an advantage track. Once a company formed a business of scale on an advantage track, the "Data-Arithmetic-Producer" would continue to be enhanced.
By closing the loop, companies’ R & D costs are reduced, and profits are released. After-boarders do not have tagging cases, application validations, access to big professional data to refine product models, and large-scale upfront inputs will create intergenerational competition gaps with firms, further increasing corporate barriers to competition.
At present, the company has closed the “data-aggregation-products” on the educational, medical, political, etc. advantage track, building the competitive advantage of the “new demand-and-substantiation” and achieving a cycle of benchmarking cases, application effectiveness, standardized products. During the company's artificial intelligence strategy phase 2.0, it is hoped that the dividends on the advantage track will be realized.
We believe that future competition in the science and technology industry will gradually move towards competition in the platform and ecology, leading firms’ competitiveness.
Now the platform's capacity is being built, and the industry's ecological partners are being brought together. The science-based open-source platform was launched in 2010 as the first generation of countries with a new generation of artificial intelligence open-innovation platforms, and the open-in-flight platform built several cases of artificial-intelligence commercialization with a service developer's ecological focus.
A team of industrial intelligence developers, developing applications of more than 750,000, providing artificial intelligence skills and various industry solutions, has a total of 287 cases. We believe that the open platform has three main features: 1) multi-dimensional resource development, bringing together powerful developers' ecology.
Enabling dimensions of resources, including technological resources (enterprise resource packs, one-to-one technology mentors, ai university, etc.), operating resources (media campaigns, product appraisals, digital advertising, etc.), capital resources (third-party pooled funds, direct green access channels, etc.), industry and partners resources (flying supply chain resources, government-owned customer channels, Chinese Sound Valley resources, etc.).
In terms of technology empowerment, the OSS provides developers with a full-scale technological capability at the bottom of the ai, including speech recognition, synthesis, analysis, multilingual technology, word recognition, face recognition, etc. We believe that these basic technological capabilities are particularly important for start-up teams.
By gaining direct access to these bottom-level technologies, the open-air platform will significantly reduce the cost of their prior R & D inputs, and focus more on vertical landscapes of applied products, thereby accelerating the commercialization of the ai technology. In the process, the bottom-level algorithms, through the use and training of big data, will further enhance performance, thus achieving a positive path.
2) The dynamic of continuous growth through marketing advertising. One feature of the open platform is that it has its own continuous blood-building capabilities, not a full cost centre. On the one hand, the open platform’s team of developers connected to the sea volume and the advantages of tens of thousands of applications, flow and data. On the other hand, it has a strong power.
In combination with these two advantages, the open platform can help developers with data flow to convert through a wide distribution and also help to lack access to the channel.
In this process, the open-door platform itself can share the revenues of advertising placements and flow realizations, thereby enabling the platform to realize through marketing advertising, and now, the open-source-based i-marketing business has developed into a "technology plus resource" complex.
In 2019, the Open Platform generated revenues of 1,154 million yuan, an increase of 68.7% compared to the 68.7% in the current camp.
In the context of the slowdown in the advertising industry, there has been a much higher-than-average increase in industry, reflecting strong competitiveness. 3) Incubating start-ups through the creation of investments and equity participation, setting up upstream and downstream industrial chains. In addition to the support of resources such as technology, Xinjiang has actively incubated start-ups through the creation of investment funds, and setting up upstream and downstream industrial chains.
In addition, through mechanisms such as in-house entrepreneurship and strategic investment, a number of innovation firms have been developed in the artificial intelligence industries, such as cloud-deep technology, cloud-hole technology, magnificence technology, bottling robots, etc.
We believe that participating in start-ups helps companies to strengthen the layout of upstream and downstream industrial chains, with strategic synergies and investment returns in the future. The advantage track is gradually becoming commercial in size, with future growth achievable.
The closed doors of the "Golden" and the back-up of the open platform's bottom technology have gradually become commercial in terms of education, medical care, and political law. We see the company's dividends in these areas in the era of strategy 2.0, the distribution of corporate revenues in the future.
3.2 Education lanes: The intelligent class continues to expand, individualized learning manuals open up space, telecommunication products cover the teaching, study, examination, and management of k12 education.
In the field of classroom teaching, Quest helps teachers to improve their efficiency by building an intelligent classroom, and helps them to interact with teachers in the classroom. In the field of student learning, Quest uses personalized learning manuals, support students.
In the field of high-interest examinations, technology to read and understand machines, auto-reading and currently applied to high- and middle-level examinations are important examinations. In the field of campus management, in the field of telecommuting, in the field of smart class system, help schools manage their teaching processes. In the area of regional educational cloud platforms, in the field of high-level data fractions.
Diagram 21 shows a ratio of products from 2g to 2b to 2c, building solid barriers to competition and increasing the clarity of payment patterns.
Business knowledge in the field of education is confined to the project model of 2g and 2b, which suggests that income from the news is largely dependent on government support and does not have the logic of long-term growth. We believe that the pre-exploration and accumulation, and the distribution of the information in the field of education are becoming clear, with clear payment patterns and long-term payment logic.
2g Operations: The Quest operates as an entry point for the informationization project of the education authorities, through the implementation of a high-intensity examination examination and testing system, such as the Central High Examinations, as well as the regional education cloud platform project, in order to achieve binding with the education authorities, obtain official recognition, generate income from the 2g project, and create solid barriers to competition.
Operations 2b: Since then, Quest has started cutting into the 2b school-end Smart Classroom and Smart School Project, providing intelligent products for school-level teaching, obtaining school recognition, developing model cases, and mastering big data on students and teachers in classroom teaching, thereby constantly grinding up the product, generating income for the 2b project and expanding the c-end
Operations 2c: After expanding at the end of g and end of b, the flight has created a comprehensive resource pool of pole cases, government trust, school recognition, teaching data, etc., and has begun to expand to individual learning scenes at the end of c. Through school extension support, core computing techniques of artificial intelligence, and training in big data, students have been helped to reduce the number of topics
Time, efficiency, ultimate achievement, reduced learning burden, sustained fee income at the end, opening up future growth in education. Currently, smart classrooms, and personalized learning manuals have gradually achieved commercial scale and broad growth in the future.
Smart Classrooms: In keeping with the informationization of education 2.0, the penetration rate is expected to continue to improve.
The main features are the following: 1) efficient preparation of courses: by collecting the results of pre-school work, automatic production of analytical reports, assistive teaching design; 2) precision teaching: analysis of large data based on classroom work, production of dynamic student drawings, intellectual error, improvement of teachers ' quality of teaching; 3) individualization of operations: tested for classroom interaction and halls
As a result, individualized and consolidated exercises are provided to help students consolidate weak knowledge points; 4) smart reviews: based on image-based identification and semantic analysis techniques, some subjective and objective machine-made changes have been made, significantly reducing the burden on teachers.
Commercial size judgement: in the light of our three previous criteria for judging whether a fly product is commercial in size, we believe that intelligent classroom products already have a commercial scale basis. 1) Real case of application: based on the proceedings of the investor fairs publicly disclosed by the company, it is now clear that there is a need for a more efficient and effective system of technology.
Intelligent classrooms and learning solutions have covered 10% of schools, resulting in a large number of applications. 2) Useable for statistical validation: Based on information disclosed at the 2019 Investor Exchange, the Department has calculated the results of applications from Jiang Sonamong City, from 2016 to the present.
80% of lower secondary schools, 100% of upper secondary schools, services to 2,000 teachers and nearly 50,000 students, cumulative analysis of 3,500 measurements, resulting in 802368 individualized jobs for 200082 students. 36% reduction in teacher reading time, 98% reduction in statistical time, and 24% reduction in school preparation time. 32% reduction in student working time and 80% problem resolution rate.
Thus, the average duration of the operation was reduced by about 40 minutes, with good application results. 3) Standard products promoted by scale: we counted the products of the company that had been ordered in recent intelligent classrooms through information from the tender network and found that, while the company had won the bid in the form of a project, the specific products provided had become standard.
In general, the Smart Classroom project, consisting mainly of the Smart Classroom Clouds Platform, Classroom Software, Teacher Terminals, and Student Terminals, has now been standardized in a soft and hard manner. And the amount of the project's orders depends on the quantity of these standardized products being procured. We therefore believe that the intelligent classroom product has gradually become standardized and available.
• Growth drivers: We believe that the growth of intelligent classroom products has largely benefited from the catalytic effect of the action plan for educational informatization 2.0 and the need for “stopping school” as a result of the epidemic. 1) The action plan for educational informatization 2.0 has moved from informatization to intellectualization, which has led to the acceleration of intelligent classroom products
Landfall. In 2018, the Ministry of Education issued a circular on action plan 2.0 for the informationization of education, which builds on the original “three-way two-square table”, further proposes to achieve by 2022 the basic development goals of “two-and-a-half”, with emphasis on “the development of education in an intelligent environment”, “the improvement of the level of application of information and the literacy of teachers and students”.
In one chapter, it refers to the Action for the Development of Innovation in Smart Education, which calls for the demonstration of innovation in intelligent education, the construction of an environment for intellectual learning and the promotion of the full-scale application of artificial intelligence in teaching, management, etc. We believe that the Plan of Action is an important shift from information to intelligence in education.
In this case, education informs changes in intelligence, both within and outside the classroom, and more applications of emerging technologies are being used to achieve real mitigation and efficiency gains. And intelligent classroom products are responding to the trend of the times and are expected to accompany policy in the future. 2) In the short term, the “stopping out” of the epidemic’s influence drives the demand for intelligent classrooms.
The policy of “stopping school” requires that schools in different parts of the country conduct their teaching activities at cloud ends, but generally face problems of inefficiency.
We believe that the epidemic has catalysed school demand for online intelligent classrooms, so that the company’s needs and orders in intelligent classrooms are expected to grow rapidly this year. According to a common belief, the education track projects contribute or will account for a significant share of corporate intelligent classroom operations throughout the year.
At the end of 2019, the Chinese government announced that it had won over millions of orders in the city of Kunming, Anhui Lake, based on the company’s findings. We believe that this is a reflection of the fact that corporate intelligent classroom products are beginning to be scaled up, and that, on the other hand, they are becoming more widely available.
The company’s orders are not limited to the province of Anhui, but are beginning to move towards national recognition of its provincial and municipal education sector, which will further boost the company’s intelligent classroom operations. We believe that these orders of over a billion will not be an example, but will continue to grow in the future.
Market space: Based on data from the Ministry of Education on the country’s upper secondary schools, middle school schools, teachers, students, and the long-term market occupancy rate, we estimate the average price of the smart class product in conjunction with the bidding network. The cumulative market space for the long-term operation of the class is expected to reach $41,477 million.
30 per cent in municipalities, 20 per cent in junior high schools, and currently only 10 per cent in upper secondary schools, and the development of personalized learning manuals: position-based teaching aids, opening up long-term income spaces.
Document and analyse, refine and locate the student’s weak knowledge points and best learning areas, and customize an exclusive personalized learning programme for each student.
Individualized learning manuals are distributed to students in paper form, without changing their pre-existing learning habits.
Figure 25 Personalized Learning Manuals to build accurate portraits of students Understanding and application of standard equations of ellipse: 75%
Commercial size criteria: commercial size requirements 1) real applications: based on company disclosures of information from the 2019 mid-year investor exchange, personalized learning manuals have been located in more than a thousand secondary schools nationwide, including mid-21 in Wenzhou, the fifth high school in the United States.
Secondary School 6 in Fatty City, etc. 2) Useable for statistical validation: Results of the mid-2019 investor exchange, as disclosed by the company, for 11,000 high school students in secondary schools in the second half of the school year 2018, and 286
Research by math teachers, the application of personalized learning manuals has increased the average problem solving rate to more than 80%, the teacher's recognition of the content of the work is more than 90%, and the student's willingness to continue using 92%. We believe that the selection of the auxiliary market for personalized learning manuals, mainly in response to the students' wrong examination issues, has led to a misinterpretation of the problem.
(c) Standard products promoted by scale: Individualized learning manuals are delivered to students in paper format, using the fee-ordered model for each course per student per semester, whether the product is designed or charged.
Standardization and conditions for scaling up.  Growth drivers: We believe that the promotion of personalized learning manuals is also driven by the Plan of Action for Action on Education Information 2.0, which highlights “exploring differentiated teaching and individuality under conditions of informationization”.
On the other hand, on the basis of the pattern of competition in the industry, the personalized learning manual sets up the auxiliary market, the main competition for which is education information.
Compared to educational informers, competitors lack big data on the classroom process, the effectiveness of the stick case, and the volume of the collection of educational resources, there will be a large gap between the quality of the product and the speed of the news. Compared to traditional teachers, they lack the ability to provide artificially mis-characteristics for each student.
It is difficult to reconcile the concepts of future personalized learning and learning. Thus, there are not many rivals of the same type in the current market, with obvious pre-emptive advantages.
In the long run, it is assumed that she will be able to take up 30% of the country's high school market, 20% of the junior high school market, and that she will order two classes for an average of 300 yuan per class per semester. The personalized learning manual is a long-term market that will contribute $20.3 billion a year to the company, opening up a gap in the company's long-term income.
3.3 The system of medical assistants is different from the general high-precision artificial intelligence system in general, and is primarily located in primary health care units, and fulfils two main functions.
The first is to help basic physicians reduce the burden of filling out electronic medical records. Through a variety of modes of recording, such as voice, templates, medical intelligence, etc., they help to standardize the writing of electronic medical records. The electronic medical records are at the core of the interconnectivity of data within and outside hospitals, and national policies are currently mainly concerned with the coverage of electronic records in level III and level II hospitals, not yet available.
They help them to improve their electronic medical records and help speed up the process of medical information. Second, they provide general medical assistance for 1,000 of the most common diseases.
The Clinical Practitioner Examination, with 530,000 candidates and 360 pass points, achieved a high score of 456 out of 96.3% of human candidates, making it the first artificial intelligence system to be qualified to practise medicine in the world. At present, an intellectual assistant has been able to diagnose more than 900 common diseases at the grass-roots level, support 95% of primary consultations and treatments, with an overprecision rate.
* Commercial criteria of scale: commercial conditions of scale 1) real applications: Xiaofeng's medical assistant was piloted in 2018 in the 4th district of Anhui.
In 2019, the use of medical assistants was expanded to cover more than 50 districts and districts of the province, serving more than 29,000 doctors and 40 million inhabitants.
There are currently no other products of this kind that can be used in practice on such a large scale on a global scale. Figure 27 Image Medical Assistants expanded to more than 50 districts in 2019.
2. The results of the application can be verified by means of statistical data: the performance of the use of mental health assistants has been remarkable. On the one hand, since the use of hospitals at the grass-roots level, the rate of completion of electronic medical records has risen from less than 50% to 79%, and the standard medical records from 45% to 82%.
The Commission has engaged an authoritative team of experts to evaluate the system of mental medicine assistants, and to evaluate the consistency of recommendations for machine diagnostics in the pilot area with the results of the diagnosis by the grass-roots physician, which was determined by the expert. It was found that the consistency between the basic physician and the machine diagnosis has increased from 70% to 89%, i.e., the level of diagnosis by the basic physician has increased significantly, behind which the paramedical assistance has gone far.
In response to the remaining 11% of the unattended diagnostic recommendations, the expert assessment found that 8% of the machine diagnosis was accurate but not accepted by the primary physician, and that only 3% of the medical records were inaccurate. That is, the accuracy of the diagnosis of common diseases by medical assistants reached 97%, far higher than that of the general primary physician.
The products are considered to be well suited to the diagnosis of common diseases in primary hospitals in the current trend of graded consultations. 3) Standard products promoted at scale: the fee-based model of the mental health assistants is clearer and is now dominated by unified procurement in the health sector at the district level, with the average size of individual projects at the level of millions.
The growth drive: the epidemic accelerates grass-roots information development, and the signing of a strategic agreement with Hubei opens up the growth gap. We believe that the outbreak provides a good environment for mental health assistants to accelerate their development.
The main reason for this is that the resources of the medical system, especially the resources of the tri-a hospital, are not sufficient to meet the needs of the population, and the diagnostic capacity and recognition of doctors in the primary hospital is low. We therefore believe that the post-epidemiology phase will continue to accelerate, and that the level of doctors at the primary level will need to be raised.
On the other hand, the epidemic will accelerate the country’s investment in the health-care system, which we believe will be one of the main investments. As a result, health-care assistants are expected to receive financial support from the health-care system.
In the short term, the needs of more than 100 districts and districts in Anhui market are expected to support the growth of mental health assistants over the past two years. In the medium and long term, on 15 July of this year, a strategic cooperation framework agreement was signed with the Hubei Department Health Commission in Wuhan to promote the application of artificial intelligence technology in the medical field, and to help the North Hospital.
We believe that Hubei is a major area of the epidemic and will be a major focus of the health-care system in the aftermath of the epidemic.
It is important to sign a strategic cooperation agreement with Xin Fei. On the one hand, help flew from Anhui to the whole country. On the other hand, Hubei, a region of priority for the epidemic, chose Xinbei's medical assistant to serve as an input to the informization of health care.
Market space: According to the order of the bidding network, we believe that the size of the projects of the PHIs in individual districts is around $4 million. There are currently 2,845 administrative districts in the country at the district level. So, in the long run, the market space for PHIs is RMB 11.38 billion, which is also a huge market of 10 billion degrees.
3.4 The French track: the smart court and the auxiliary trial system constructs the smart court system; the smart court system: enhanced efficiency of the hearing, endorsed by the Supreme Court of Justice, moves towards nationwide dissemination of the product features: reduction of the work of clerks and improvement of the efficiency of the trial proceedings.
Artificial intelligence techniques such as dialectic recognition, speech synthesis, automatic court disciplinary broadcasting, automatic production of trial transcripts, instant sounding of trial transcripts and quick retrieval, addressing the slowness of trial transcripts, incomplete records and poor recording can effectively improve the efficiency of judges and significantly reduce the intensity and pressure of clerks.
* Commercial standard judgement of scale: commercial conditions of scale 1) real applications: the smart trial system has been explored for many years.
The trial system was piloted in the Suzhou Municipal Intermediate People's Court, and the Supreme Court's expert evaluation led to the creation of the “Suzhou Model for Wisdom Trials” and its nationwide application. As of 2019, the smart trial system had covered 31 provinces and cities, more than 1,300 courts and nearly 7,500 courts throughout the country, creating a large number of real facts.
2) Useable for statistical validation: Based on the information disclosed by the official Weibo public, the efficiency of the clerk ' s entry has been raised from 120 to 150 words per minute in the past to 250 to 350 words per minute in the use of a court system.
In 30 per cent of cases, trial transcripts are nearly 100 per cent complete, and in more contentious and complex cases, there has been an increase of approximately 20 per cent in the efficiency of the handling of cases, a reduction of more than 50 per cent in the length of complex trials, a further increase in the efficiency of trials and an effective mitigation of the “many fewer cases” in the courts.
3) Standard products for scale promotion: According to our bid network announcement, the current system of smart court hearings is gradually being standardized for products, including a set of artificial intelligent sensing platforms deployed at the court level, as well as a smart court system, v2.0, audio dictation equipment, iflymatrixv200, deployed in each court.
Single, knowledge of bottom-level universality and commonality, and intelligent trial products are now becoming standardized, providing a good basis for scaling up. * The driving force of growth: the Supreme Court has repeatedly referred to the voice system of court hearings, and corporate products have been endorsed for nationwide dissemination.
We believe that the driving force behind the growth of the company’s intelligent trial product and its greatest competitiveness lies in the fact that it is recognized by the Supreme Court. As the system of governance is a vertically managed system, it is recognized at the Supreme Court level that there is a great opportunity to move from a pilot to a national scale.
On the one hand, the Supreme Court has repeatedly referred to the construction of intelligent courts and the use of trial voice systems in its reports on the work of the two sessions in recent years. We have been collating the report on the work of the Supreme People's Court for the last three years.
On the other hand, the company’s products will be approved by the Supreme Court of Justice, which will move to national expansion. In 2016, the company’s smart court system took the lead in piloting its application in the Suzhou Municipal Intermediate People’s Court, which was validated by experts from the Supreme People’s Court, and will be endorsed by experts from the Supreme People’s Court.
In February 2017, the President of the Supreme People's Court, Zhou Jianqiang, Vice-President Shen De Wing and Vice-President He Ying, presented to the Central Court of Suzhou the message of the Middle Court of Suzhou “E-Files + Voice Recognition” for the creation of the Sioux State Model for Smart Trials, followed by an important signal. President Zhou said: “The Sioux State Model for Wise Trials should be promoted.”
In 2018, the Supreme Court, in its report on the work of the two sessions, referred to the “Voice recognition of hearings” and attached to the report the “Voice recognition” experience portal of the court hearing system, which, in our view, created the “Suzhou model of wise trials” and received instructions from the President of the Supreme Court.
In the future, the company’s products are expected to move to the national level as the intelligent courts build up and the voice system of court hearings becomes more widely available.  Market space: there are currently a total of 35,525 people’s courts at the senior, middle and grass-roots levels throughout the country.
The average investment in the construction of the single-court artificial intelligence platform is estimated at around $1 million. On average, each court has 5.77 courts, with a single-court acquisition of a smart court system v2.0, and a sounding device, iflymatrix v200, at a total cost of around $120,000.
There is still much room for improvement in the penetration rate of the 1,300 courts currently covered by the court. The Auxiliary Criminal Cases System is still in its infancy and the market space is wide.
The harmonization of standards of evidence, rules of evidence and the verification, clearance, disclosure and supervision of evidence for case handlers through the development of uniform and applicable guidelines on evidentiary standards, rules of evidence, embedded in the criminal justice system of the organs of the Department of Public Prosecutions to ensure that the factual evidence in the case of investigation and review of the prosecution is subject to legal scrutiny and that the criminal proceedings are carried out throughout the process
Visible, full-time marks, full-time supervision, reduction of judicial arbitrariness, and prevention of miscarriages of justice. In our view, the core of the criminal case support system is to have access to data on the entire criminal case process of the Department of Public Prosecutions, to complete the evidence chain of the case retrospectively, and at the same time, to make the trial of the court by analogy, to improve the efficiency of the case and to bring it into line with the information of the law.
Figure 33 Examples of the application of the Auxiliary Criminal Cases System (ASIJ)
At the same time, it is available for statistical validation in Anhui, Shanxi, Yunnan, Fujian, Military Corps, Zhejiang, and Jilin.
Of the 68321 cases entered, more than 24859 were transferred to the Public Prosecutor’s Office, more than 18926 were transferred to the courthouse, and 15944 were disposed of. Of these, 7,873 were indicative defects.
3) Standard products of scale promotion: As the Auxiliary Case System requires access to the bottom of the Public Prosecution Act, it requires the simultaneous deployment of the system in public security, the Public Prosecution Service, the courts, a large single input and a more complex function, and there is currently no law to create a standardized product of scale.
But, with the continued progress of informatization, we believe that the future auxiliary case system is expected to become standard-setting and long-term growth space is still wide. The drivers of growth and market space are: the highest censorship, the highest law, the smartness of the auxiliary case, and the space for the future.
We believe that a new generation of information technology-assisted courts and prosecutors’ offices to handle cases is a future industrial trend. Analysis of the Supreme Law and the reports of the Supreme Court of Justice for the last three years on the work of the two chambers, with reference to the “intellectual support system” and related concepts, will be another important development in the area of information in the field of law and order.
In terms of market space, we assume that, in the future, all the relevant systems will be deployed in the Central and Central High Courts of the country, which will need to be co-located with the public security system, while taking into account the amount of orders from the Shanghai City-related system that we have calculated, it is expected that each system will be invested at around $10 million, and that the overall market size is expected to reach $12.51 billion to develop space.
3.5 Consumer business: Focusing on communication and office scenes, opening up c-end market space Consumer business around two sets of “communication” and “office” scenes, building on the ai technology, opening up c-end markets. The company has been deploying translator operations since 2016, gradually moving into the consumer market.
In our view, the company’s series of consumer products, although large, remains centred on the areas of voice recognition, speech synthesis, and semantic understanding of the company’s technological advantages, and it is hoped that the core technology accumulated by the company over the years will be presented through products that are closer to consumers.
This opens up new markets for companies to grow over the long term.
High-end smart office equipment tob: major industry clients, government and industry units, businesses, businesses, etc.
Voice-to-speech mobile workers with speech stenographs, speech transcripts, subtitles on screens, audio file transliterations, simple operation, user
M1: Supports practical functions such as real-time transliteration translation, remote control of audio recordings, off-site conference text-live (scanning real-time transliteration), meeting multi-end syncs, visits, etc.
Recording requirements for multiple scenes, such as quick postings.
Shares, back-edits records, caters for user interviews, lectures, standards, memos, music, etc.
, lecturer teachers, media reporters, smart office books: voice-to-word, smart search, mail-to-mail, English-class 4-6, English-to-English translation, books
Reading and so on is integrated. & App: Voice Transliteration/Translation, 0.33/ Teletranslator: nearly 200 languages translated worldwide have been reached
Expatriate travel, conference shows, etc. Countries and regions, 8 major trades, a.i. Translation, 5 dialects, 6 languages offline translation, 13 languages photo translation etc.
The product system is becoming more sophisticated, the concept of design is closer to the user, and the market’s recognition is increasing. We believe that the company’s consumer products have evolved in recent years, are becoming mature, and three major trends are emerging: 1) The product system is improving: the consumer product of the company covers a wide range of people from 2b to 2c.
In the office landscape, companies are priced at more than $10,000, telephonic machines for business clients, systems for hearing the 1st, and products such as m1 for ordinary consumers, audio pens, office books, etc., as well as web sites and app-phone transliterations, which are priced on a minute basis, to locate light-volume users and to create a well-developed product system.
2) The product design is close to the user: the company’s products have not only high technological content, but also design ideas close to the user. For example, the company’s new version of the smart office last year, using the latest generation of electronic inkscreens, with 226 pixels per inch, has exceeded the clarity of the general print product and reflected a paper view.
This design's unique proprietary process, adding 0.1 mm suspension between the ink screen and the base plate, falling down, crushing the air, creating a moderate paper-writing elasticity and a sense of proximity to the real paper. On the other hand, a smart office, creatively, has achieved a hand-written, straight-wielding technique, with all processing logic at the driving level and much lower.
Handwriting is delayed by only 33 milliseconds, nearly twice as fast as international brand products, and real “sliding and smooth” is achieved. It is through these close-to-user design ideas, which are centred on user needs, and smart office talent that China has won such awards as the China Design Star Award, and the China Design Smart Award, which is an award for "the best works" .
3) Product recognition has gradually increased: in terms of product sales, corporate market recognition has gradually increased. In a major boost of 618 in 2020, the company won 22 winners in the three main platforms of Kyundong, Skycat and Sunning, with a cumulative increase of more than 40% in total sales. According to company research reports, 618 sales were affected by the epidemic, and the translator was a market player.
In order to remove the effects of the translator, other hardware has grown by more than 140%, as in the case of telephonic scripts, which have grown by more than 150%, and have grown rapidly in reverse, reflecting an increased recognition of corporate products. We believe that the consumer market of 2c has a wide room for growth.
Consumer-type products are still low and are still in the early stages of exploration. The televised translator is the first to enter the market as a payment, and the full range of office-based products are subsequently launched, and it is a good pre-emptive advantage. As users become more receptive to the i-products, the signal is expected to actually make 2b and 2c two-wheel drive, opening up.
1) Education track revenues: Due to the epidemic’s delayed start-up of primary and secondary schools, we believe that this year’s personalized learning manuals will affect the company’s progress in promoting the ground in schools, while the needs of intelligent classrooms will be limited by the epidemic. In the long run, as the epidemic’s effects are eliminated, the education track will return to rapid growth at a low base next year.
2) Medical track revenue: the disease or the input that will accelerate the informationization of primary hospitals, the company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Hubei, and the intellectual assistant is expected to grow rapidly from Anhui to the whole country.
On the other hand, the company ' s criminal case support system is expected to expand to more regions and gradually standardize and open up new opportunities for growth in law and order. Political and legal track 4) Smart hardware revenue is expected: the impact of the epidemic has led to significant sales of translator machines, which account for about 50% of smart hardware revenue.
Slips, thus affecting the company’s annual growth in smart hardware revenue. On the other hand, the market recognition of the company’s office landscape products is still growing rapidly. Next year, the impact of the epidemic will gradually be eliminated, and the volume of translator sales will be 5) Māori: with the higher Māori rates in education, health care and so forth, the ratio will increase rapidly, and the company’s gross will grow.
6. Investment earnings: The three-person company participation, the roll-out of the Cold War, which is expected to lead the company this year as the country’s first A.I.L.L.E.L. company, and the Ensign A.I. core company, have great potential for development. The company’s strategy is now undergoing profound change, moving from 1.0 to 2.0.
Generations are expected to improve per capita efficiency through business focus, incremental performance management, etc., and to move away from the “no gain” phenomenon. After the exploration of strategy 1.0, companies have gradually developed a closed “data-calculation-product” on the edge track, building a competitive advantage of “new demand-plus differentials” and producing real applications that can be found.
So, we think that companies will gradually move away from a project-based, customized business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c.
Personalized learning manuals and consumer products, thus creating hundreds of billion-sized markets to support long-term growth of companies, which are currently in the pre-economy phase and have not yet reached the steady-state growth stage, we use ps chart 39 to fly to psband over the past five years.
1. The spread of the epidemic, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders, both domestic and foreign; 2) the insufficient level of government investment in areas such as education, health care, etc.; 3) the lack of recognition and dissemination of consumer products;
(4) Increased industrial competition and the gradual erosion of corporate pre-emptive advantage. The use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are derived from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.