Smart Land Cruiser suv, tank 300 running the innovation market 18/09/20  Highlights of the event: On September 17, 2020, the Great Wall car held a new version of the Wey brand tank 300
Open Day campaign, publishing information about tank 300 power parameters and off-roads, smart configurations, etc.
Sov, the skin and interior also use the design concept of "sweet summation + square size" as a whole: "the square contour line is coupled with a rounded inverted angle" and an antiquated gas, hard-punished style. Professional cross-country configurations are equipped with super-powered power to achieve tank-like strength. 1) "Three locks" 2)
Tank turns; 3) worm mode; 4) non-carried body; 5) hard core transparency chassis, super passivity; 6) super-power configurations enhance field mobility, so that it is really more aggressive than shoulder tanks. Tank 300 opens a completely new “intelligent suv” segment of the market, which will lead us to the future.
The tank series, the big smart SUV series, together with the Weyvv series, form the Great Wall high-end suv product matrix.  Coffee smart-on-line tank series, building a whole new experience.
Tanks + coffee, building luxury field + smart comfort new experiences. Tanks at 300 tank platforms are high-end, cross-country suv is smart with coffee, breaking the stereotype that "hardland cross-country" and "comfort luxury" are not compatible.
(a) global voice interaction, 98 per cent voice recognition library; voice awakening, sector 1, Great Wall Car (601633): mainstream awakening to disk recognition, voice control up three ways of awakening; and (b) wireless cellular connectivity, billions.
New Forces of Car Construction 2020-09-09, United + Carplay perfect combination, remote control of mobile phones and safety of vehicles; 3) Compatibility 2 and Great Wall Cars (601633): August
Strong, web/wifi two-way connection, open application, support for third-party app extensions, content resources high volume growth, four brands full abundance; 4) cloud-end positioning, high precision navigation and intelligent fatigue alarm/celebratory alarm.
(a) Upgrade of active security configuration, advanced technology in version 9.3hd, high 3, Great Wall Cars (601633): pre-sale
Rigid body structure to achieve aeb automatic emergency brakes/passway support; 2) L2 level self-serving, dog-selling heat 2020-09 - power-drive on line to achieve full speed acc on a cruise, full-area blind area monitoring, delivery
New steps to recovery, coupled with the catalytic marketing of new company products, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Air surfaces, luxury interiors, squares with hard-formed styles. Tank 300 is positioned as compact cross-country suv, with a length of more than 4.7 metres, with an axle range of 2750 mm. Looking and interiors are also based on the design concept of "sweetness and diversity" and are dominated by the appearance of a rounded front-faced lamp; and the interior of the interior is shaped with a rounded inverted contour line.
Design, and circular air conditioning wind vents and circular knobs to display the design essence of "Dang" and "Run" in the interior of the diamond suture. Professional cross-country configurations are super-powered, tank-like. Tank 300 is based on global intelligent expertise.
The field platform "tank wey" was built with a large number of hard-nuclear cross-country professional configurations: 1) "three locks" to achieve a double-speed power split of four and a forward-and-front bridge power differential lock, with 100 per cent towed gravity to an under-powered wheel, increasing vehicle capacity to escape; 2) tanks turn and effectively reduce turn radius, with a maximum reduction of 1.2 metres; 3) walk-through models
(iv) Non-carriage, super-hard, high-intensity resilience and rapid recovery of the body structure while ensuring gravity shocks under extreme conditions; and (v) hard core transparency chassis, super passable, close to an angle 33°, leaving an angle 34°, vertically through an angle 23.1°,
A minimum gap of 224 mm, a maximum water-traverse depth of 700 mm, a maximum slope of 70%; 6) super-power configuration for a step-by-step enhancement of field mobility, 2.0t motors, a peak of 387nm, a maximum capacity of 167kw; and a combination of eBay that can be better adapted to various extremes of cross-country landscapes, with a real strength compared to shoulder tanks.
Wey Tank +weyvv series, which enriches the wey high-end suv image. The smart high-end future wey brand will achieve the smart, high-end, high-end jet engine with the vv5/vvv6/vv7-led high-end city compact suv series and the 300-guided tank, with the first self-inflicted 9at changebox with a torque capacity of 750, torque density of 7.89, gear ratio.
8.85 Transfer efficiency, 92 per cent, and further refinement of the product matrix of the tank wey model. Figure 3: Structure of tank 300 non-carried body structure. Figure 4: Heavy tank 300 field performance
Coffee smart-on-line tank series, making a whole new experience of tank plus coffee, creating a new experience of luxury cross-country plus intelligence. Today, the Great Wall vehicle launched its three technology brands of "Lemon+tank+curry" and launched its first step towards a global technology venture.
The high-end cross-country suv of the tank platform is combined with coffee, breaking the stereotype that “hardland cross-country” and “comfort luxury” cannot be combined. In smart cabin: 1) full-range smart voice interaction, 98% voice recognition library; voice awakening, steering wheel recognition
Awakening, upshowing voice control three main ways of awakening; 2) Wireless cellular connectivity, 100 million-associated +carplay perfect combinations, remote control of mobile phones, security of vehicles; 3) enhanced compatibility, usb/wifi two-way connection, open application, support for third-party app extension, content abundance; 4) cloud-end positioning, high-precision navigation, and intellectual fatigue alert/plus
Autopilot: 1) Active security configuration upgrades, World Version 9.3hd leading technology, high-strength vehicle racking, aeb automatic emergency brake/track maintenance support; 2) level 12 autopilots are online and full speed acc is available from cruises, full-area blind area monitoring, traffic marking recognition, apa full automatic parking, etc.
Figure 5: Tank 300 machine interconnection function Figure 6: Tank 300l2 Autopilot lead 3. Profit forecast and investment rating
If the global epidemic is under-controlled, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery in demand for vehicles. The recovery in demand for vehicles is lower than expected.
Autonomous brand suv price battles exceed expectations. If an autonomous brand suv pattern price battles exceed expectations, they will affect the single-car sales price and the Māori rate of the Great Wall ' s auto suv business.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board