Selective consumption of automobiles and auto parts exceeded expectations, with a two-year net profit on bicycles (Pacific Motors 2020 Strategic Recommendation) event: semi-annual performance reports issued by the company, 359.29 in the first half of the year, compared to the same year
Billion dollars, of which the second quarter realized a net profit of more than $1.5 billion in the first quarter. q2 saw a significant improvement in the first quarter, resulting in a two-year increase in the net profit of the bicycle. The first quarter of the epidemic was delayed, and overall performance fell somewhat in the first half of the year, but again in the first quarter of the second quarter.
Both have improved significantly, showing great elasticity. At the same time, the net profit on the non-precedented and non-precedented bicycles has been $7367/6360, up from a single-season net profit in the last two years.
Good luck has largely benefited from an upswing in pick-up trucks, where the overall Māori ratio is higher than that of passenger vehicles, especially high-end artillery models, which account for more than 10% of sales, and more than 30,000 vehicles per season, raising the profitability of the whole body significantly. At the same time, cost-control effectiveness has been highlighted, both through the supply chain and through internal management.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Double upswing, smoothing and digesting the impact of price fluctuations in some raw materials on performance. Total market value/flow (millions)
Lemon + Tank + Coffee. A new product cycle has been set in motion.
The substructure is completely new, with much improved performance and fuel consumption, while enriching the platform ' s vehicle-type power system configuration. Based on a new generation of vehicle-type platforms, a new cycle of technology platform-enabling growth will open in the future for more than two years.
The product cycle, more new and replacement models will be rolled out, and sales and profits are expected.
The sea will relax, or there will be a new wave of lifting the tide.
The Great Wall Cars (601633) is growing stronger and stronger, and the strategy will continue in 2020. We expect the company to return to the Wall in 20 and 21 years.
The profits were 4.2 billion yuan/58 billion yuan, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.