On 10 July, Shanghai announced that it would ease the threshold for cards and access to cards and roads.
In Shanghai, the country's largest super-wielding city, where the traffic system has always been strictly regulated, before the seaboard plates on the pickups were based on blue trucks.
The license categories are limited in size, the cards on the cards are extremely difficult and the traffic is restricted, and therefore the card is sold at the bottom of the country in the upper Haitian district. After this relaxation, the limit on the license of the card to the upper sea and the right to the road is the same as that of the car with the license plate "C" and free access to the outer ring, and the sale of the card in the Shanghai area is expected to take place.
Picards, initially as a commercial car type, have a number of restrictions on vehicle management and access to urban roads, which constitute a constraint on the expansion of the market by 9,177/9,127.
In 2016, the four provinces of Yunnan, Hebei, Henan, Liaoning and other provinces took the lead in opening the Pikajin Total Market Value/Circulation (millions of yuan) Released, followed by Hubei and Xinjiang joining the Pika Release Pilot, but released throughout the country
Progress is slow at the highest/lowest rate of 12 months. By 2020, the municipalities of Chongqing, Shaanxi, Jilin, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Zhejiang Ningbo, Hang and others continued to be affected by the epidemic.
The Great Wall Car (601633) is growing stronger and stronger, freeing up restrictions, re-emerging Picards, the recent easing of Picards in Shanghai, and the still-high cannons in the Wall.
Wheels of Picards to lift the tide or will start. Recommended) - 2020/07/08 Great Wall Car (601633) King of Picards, Potential Market
The Great Wall’s Picard brand has been highlighted, with nearly half of the city’s share. The Wall’s car grew up in Pika, breaking up on Pika. 2020/07/06, a market split of more than 20 years, and the brand’s accumulated advantage was in competition with its clients’ reputations.
The Great Wall Car (601633) 30% + Powered Growth, the Wall's all-new Picard Guns have created a multi-use segmentation area, and are constantly exceeding expectations of a breakthrough.
It's about 50% of the former market, far more than following the competitors, the three main cars, the first three sales, the Great Wall pickup brand and the slogans themselves as barriers to competition, and it's very difficult to invest for a short period of time: Picard, as the company's ace, has been ignored because of the small size of the market.
See, with the further roll-out of the pickup and the start of the new product cycle, the company, as an autonomous brand, strong brand and resilient and resilient, Pacific cars will continue their strategic promotion of the Great Wall in 2020. We expect the company to make a net profit of $4 billion in 20 and 21 years.
/58 billion, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.