Shen Jia's performance in the first half of the year was over-expected, and a large number of new vehicles were about to be marketed, suggesting that the company “buy in” would achieve business income of $35.929 billion, yoy-13.17 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
1153 million, yoy-24.02 per cent (net profit after deduction: 808 million, yoy - 34.88 per cent) were above expectations, and the roll-out of the new platform suv in the second half of the year is expected to significantly improve the weaker sales performance in the first half of the year, while pickups, supported by policy, are expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate, while corporate sales are now available in the second half of the year.
In view of the impact of the epidemic, we expect the company to outperform its net profits in 2020 and 2021, respectively, mainly because of the easing of the epidemic and the recovery in sales; and the company's long-sale model.
The Māori rate has been raised by an increase in sales of urban gun pegs, the product mix, the company's sales continued to be good in June, with sales of yoy + 30%: the company sold 82,000 cars in June.
One, yoy + 30%, mom + 0.2%, the company maintained a better sales volume this month, which grew faster than the rate of increase due to the lower base period. In June, in turn, 53,000 vehicles, yoy + 1.2%, mom-7.5% were sold in Suv. Twenty-seven thousand vehicles, yoy + 272%, were sold in Pikapen, with a significant increase in cannon sales in the Great Wall.
In January-June, the company sold a total of 395,000 vehicles, yoy-20%, an increase of 7 percentage points over the month-May.
In the second half of the year, more new platform models will be on the market. The company will market more platform-based models in the second half of the year, and sales are expected to increase further. On the suv side, the main product Huffh6 will be replaced by the new suvhafer dog and wey tank 300-shaped hard-column, high cross-country properties, hopefully.
In addition, a small new energy vehicle, Eurobeth Cat, has been on the market in July, and the Picah Wall cannons will launch off-road diesel models, among others. The company's Lemon, Tanks, and Coffee Smart technology platforms will be launched on July 20th.
For the first time in a six-month-old suv new car, "Lemon" is a modular whole-of-car platform, and "tank" is a professional Land Cruiser platform. The use of new platforms in the future will effectively reduce the development time of new models and production costs, and enhance the intellectualization of products.
Profitful expectations: New platform suv is listed in the second half of the year, which is expected to significantly improve the weaker sales performance in the first half of the year, while pickups with policy support are expected to continue to grow rapidly, and corporate sales can be expected in the second half of the year.
The firm will continue to strengthen its R & D investment and forward-looking deployment of new technologies; in management, the company is undergoing organizational changes to develop a user-friendly product development model. In the future, the company’s competitiveness is expected to improve in a comprehensive manner. We expect a net profit for the company in 2020 and 2021 to be $4.24 billion and $4.24 billion, respectively.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
The information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.