The low-season strong growth in the consumption of automobiles and auto parts has shown confidence, and the year-on-year build-up of new cars (the Pacific Automobile 2020 Strategic Recommendation) has been an event: the company issued a fast-track sale of 89,442 vehicles in August, a 27.41 per cent increase over the previous year;
A 7.14 per cent increase in the same year, a further 20,000 per month sales of the Great Wall pickups, an 80.04 per cent increase in the same year, and a 4794 sales of the Ora brand, an increase of 291.35 per cent in the same year. Once more, it goes beyond the strong growth of the industry, with the dominant vehicle model.
However, corporate sales have increased by the same ring, up 27% over the same year, and the industry has won a big run. Of these, the Ace H6 has increased by 28,000, or 10% over the same year, and continues to lead the suv market, and sales will rise even further.
More than 10,000 vehicles, which strongly support overall sales. At the same time, wey brand sales began to grow when they hit bottom, with 4,456 in vv6 and each major vehicle continued to perform strongly. Total stock/flow (millions of shares)
High-end gun sales have broken again, and the Euratoms has led a segment of the market. Picard sales have continued in August, with total market value/flow (million dollars), and monthly sales have continued to outpace 20,000, an 80% increase, with no advantage in the area of pickups.
12 months of the highest/minimum amount. Of these, more than 11,000 cannons are sold each month at the core of the High-end Cars, four in a single month, breaking 10,000 and leading medium- and high-end pickups to use the new fashion.
The Wall Cars (601633) shows a one-season net profit increase of 291.35% over the same year, with black and white cat combinations with a strong cp lead.
In the post-subsidization era, 3748 vehicles have risen, and four quarters are about to be marketed in good cat-types, which, like the tide, are expected to boost the sales of the Ora brand to the new steps.
New platform products are on the market, and the season is starting. Third generation of h6 has broken in three months in a row at the end of August -- 2020/08/09 on the market, Huff Dogs have opened a pre-sale and officially marketed this month, a brand-new lemon platform.
The Great Wall Car (601633) is a big over-expected, single-car net profit, and it's starting to grow. It's going to be a two-year high with the season of car consumption.
The company is expected to make a breakthrough in the future with new products such as Euratom and Tank 300. It is expected that the pace and number of new platform models will continue to be higher in the future.
The company will start a new cycle of growth, and the new cycle is expected to lead to a two-fold improvement in its performance. As a powerful brand of autonomous brands with resilience and elasticity, the company maintains a “buy-in” rating of $4.2 billion/58 billion per year net profit.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report