Selectable car and car spare parts Reboot car models and unblock dust seals (Pacific Car 2020 Strategy recommended) Events: At the 2020 Beijing Car Fair, the Wall Cars announced several new models, the most important of which are:
It's the release of the "tidal" concept car. 1, reboot the car. The tidal concept car is an old-fashioned sedan model, and we expect to have a variety of power forms, such as pure electricity, plugs, blends, fuel trucks, etc., and a tidal wave.
It officially announces the return of the Wall to the car market. 2 - Unblock another long-snuffed market. Thanks to the success of the Huff series of suv, the Wall began to focus deeply on the suv market around 2014, giving up on car-type updates, but the fact is that
The Grand Wall, c30, c50, used to be an autonomous brand model of a limo. With deep bottom 3, Olysses on the market, the volume is growing. The exhibition is accompanied by the third gross market value/flow (millions of dollars) under the Ora brand.
A new car, "good cat," is very attractive in shape. A good cat will either push the Ora brand into a 12-month maximum/minimum monthly sale, making the Ora brand a new pole in the growth of the Wall, while contributing to sales.
The Great Wall's New Energy Car Market has completely changed the image of its producers.
4 - Design capability to go to the new steps. The Great Wall design capability was again strongly demonstrated at this exhibition, from tidal, cat to Weiwei ' s Tan - 2020/08/30g, and as it began in the fourth quarter,
The Great Wall Cars (601633), which continues to grow with a strong tide, a gradual roll-out, and the Great Wall Cars, which will grow in volume over the next two years.
The two-year high (Pacific Car 2020 Strategy) has a "buy-in" rating. As a powerful brand of autonomous brands, companies are resilient and resilient, and Pacific Cars have a continuous strategic push.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report