The boom in the number of cars and auto parts that can be consumed has continued, with the Great Wall cannons falling apart for three months (the Pacific Car 2020 strategy recommended) and the incident: the company released a fast-track sales report for July, with a total sales of 78,339 vehicles, a 30 per cent increase over the previous year.
One, with a sharp contraction of 2%, the Great Wall’s pickup of 20,000 cards a month, a 156% increase in the same year, and the Ora brand sales of 3,064 vehicles, a 47.95% increase in the same year.
In the season, companies continued to grow at a rate of more than 30 per cent of the same rate. Aceeds-h6 sales remained at more than 23,000 vehicles, holding the dominant position, gaining cumulatively 86 months of champions in the category of products, while m6 continued at more than 10,000 vehicles, strongly supporting overall sales.
At a time when the sales of the Wey brand were almost flat, the pickups continued to double, the Ora brand grew by the same ring with the support of the new car, and the main models continued to rise. Total stock/flow (million shares)
Picards have more than doubled, and the artillery pattern has broken for three months in a row. Picards continue to be sold strongly in July, with a total market value/flow (million dollars) of about 50% and an incomparable advantage in the area of pickups.
More than 12,000 vehicles are sold each month, and more than three months are sold in one month, leading to a successful mid-to-high-end pickup truck using the Great Wall Car (601633).
Two years of new heights (the Pacific Cars 2020 strategy pushes the pika into the city limit, and new breakthroughs are expected to continue in the pickup area.) - 2020/07/23
The Great Wall Cars (601633) is creating surprises, releasing new growth points in three full new product cycles, with sustained growth in the future. As the epidemic stabilizes and the technology platform empowers a new cycle of growth (Pacific Motors)
Three quarters from now on, car consumption is expected to start gradually, overall demand is rising steadily, and the potential for growth will increase in the second half of the year as the pickup policy is lifted and the car industry recovers.
With the release of more than 300 new items such as Hafer Dogs, Olya Cats, and Tanks, the company is about to open the sea or will launch a new wave of lifting the ban (the new product cycle in the Pacific, the new brand model is expected to be rolled out faster and faster than expected).
Investment proposals: Corporate sales continue to grow strongly in July, far beyond the overall growth of the industry, and with the release of a new platform, the company will start a new round of growth, with a new cycle that is expected to lead to a two-fold improvement in its valuation performance. Companies are powerful brands and resilient and resilient as autonomous brands.
The Pacific Cars Strategy will continue to recommend the Great Wall in 2020. We expect the company to return to its mother-to-child net profit of $4.2 billion/$5.8 billion in 20/21, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.