The Great Wall Car 20q2 is over-expected, with three main platforms to launch a new journey.
With the launch of the new product, the company’s sales and performance are expected to improve continuously, and the equity incentive scheme will add momentum. The 2020 q2 sales are expected to increase rapidly in both the same and the ring ratios, resulting in a significant increase in vehicle prices and profitability.
The same-year increase of 0.9 million yuan. The decline in sales, loss of exchange and the continued expansion of new technology research and development have led to a 24.0 per cent decline in net profit on parentage in 2020h1, a 34.9 per cent increase in net profit on non-retroactivity, and an increase in the structure of the main beneficiary products expected to be higher; a faster recovery in average vehicle prices and a rapid increase in sales.
On July 20, the company held a branding conference on car technology to launch the three technology platforms Lemon, Tank, Coffee Smart, and officially announced the transition to Global Technology. Lemon is a global high-intelligent model, block-based technology platform covering a0/a/b/c/d level suv/sedan/mpv model, supporting fuel fuel.
Mixed/pure power/hydrogen energy multipower programme with conventional engine heat efficiency of 41 per cent in 2022, mixed engine heat efficiency of 42 per cent and efficient engine heat efficiency of 51.5 per cent in 2025. Tank platforms are professional Land Cruiser platforms with platform coverage of suv and pick-up truck types at the level of b/c/d/d+
Support the traditional fuel/mixed power/pure electric power three power forms, with a Chinese first-time extension of 9at transformer boxes, with a four-drive system with 100% slope, all of which are non-carried bodies. The coffee intelligence system covers smart cabins, smart driving, and a brand-new electronics architecture, and will give an energy company 3.5.
And 4.0 generation new electronics architecture, supporting the Giga Ether Network, 5g, v2x, etc.
The start of the new product cycle is expected to drive sales and performance up. With three technology flats, new company cars were heavily marketed in the second half of 2020, including the first car based on lemon platforms, the third generation of Hafh6 and Haf, 300 tanks based on tank platforms and coffee intelligence.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the multi-sectoral sector has indicated that it will take a number of measures to boost car consumption, and the government has introduced a car market stimulus.
According to the 23 July 2020 market price collection policy, the city is expected to recover in the second half of the year, leading to a sustained recovery in corporate sales and performance.
In the first half of the year, 47% of the city’s share is expected to benefit significantly. The company’s implementation of the equity incentive scheme, the Great Wall Car – 20q1 performance pressure, is expected to improve gradually, helps to motivate workers, seize opportunities for change, and provides an incentive to improve company performance and city occupancy.
In view of the launch of the new platform and the new product cycle of the company, we are predicting that the Bank and the Bank of China International Securities Company Ltd. is expected to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.
1) Increased competition in the car market and lower sales and profitability than expected; 2) lower sales of new vehicles.