The single-season net profit break-up for car and car spare parts, the new platform vehicle roll-out (the Pacific Auto 2020 strategy recommended) event: the company issued a semi-annual report with a gross operating income of RMB 35.929 billion in the first half of the year.
q2 seasons have improved significantly, and the net profits of the bicycles have been breaking up. The first quarter losses affected by the epidemic have been delayed, and the first half of the year has continued to fall, but the second quarter has shown super-resilient elasticity and, once again, has exceeded expectations, with the q2 quarter net profits of $1.8 billion, an increase of 142.4 per cent.
The ring has grown by 377%, with net profits above $1.5 billion, and the same round has improved considerably. Meanwhile, net profits on the first and second quarter of the second quarter of the round have reached $7367 and $6360, respectively, and have continued to break upwards during the recovery of the current round, bringing the net profits on the single season over the past two years to a new high.
Total stock/flow (million shares)
Over 20 per cent, up to a record high, and Picard as a high-profit company's car series, the overall Māori ratio of pickups is over 10 per cent, especially high-end gunships, over 30,000 vehicles a single season, and the overall profit level is significantly higher than expected in the second quarter.
The Great Wall Cars (601633), "Stand-up growth is still strong and strong. At the same time, the effectiveness of corporate cost control has been highlighted, through the supply chain and internal controls, the Wall's cannons have broken for three months in a row -- 2020/08/09.
The two-fold rise, smoothing and digesting the impact of precious metal price fluctuations on performance.
With the new product cycle on the new platform, the new vehicle will be launched at a faster pace. At the end of July, the company launched a new technology platform, lemons, tanks, and a smart technology platform, coffee genius.
Yes, the chassis and electronic architecture are completely new, with a combination of more than 10% fuel savings, and a new technological platform with a new cycle of growth (the Pacific Automobile power system configuration will be extremely rich.
The 2020 Strategic Recommendation - 2020/07/21 - Global Marketplace, with a completely new model, a new product cycle of more than two years in the future, will be launched, and the level of Māori in the new platform will be raised further.
Investment proposals: The company’s performance in the second quarter is significantly higher than expected, the cards and cost-control capabilities are indispensable, and with a new product cycle, the company will start a new round of growth, which is expected to lead to a double increase in value-added performance.
The Pacific Cars Strategy will continue to recommend the Great Wall in 2020. We expect the company to return to its mother-to-child net profit of $4.2 billion/$5.8 billion in 20/21, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.