q2 performance exceeded expectations, and it's only just beginning! 23,07 2020 Wall mid-2020 performance report: $35,929 million, corresponding to 13.17 per cent; net return to the mother
The Great Wall has performed well in the second quarter, and its performance has been better than expected. Gwi has stabilized and sales have recovered. The overall discount rate has stabilized, the product structure has been optimized, the Wall cannons have gone up to 100 million yuan, the q2 yuan has been devalued against the rubles, and the exchange losses have been partly reversed.) Cost controls have continued.
Increased cost controls were introduced last year to ensure a high Māori rate. New products (Gaza cannons) and new platforms (Lemon + Tanks) were launched with greater cost pressures, rising with scale, high prices, greater space for cost reductions, and better profitability.
▪ Reduced production and sales in the second quarter of the Wall by the same margin, with pickups exceeding expectations, i.e., by comparison with 8.5 per cent, ring +50.6 per cent, Huff wholesale sales by 156011, i.e. +6.25 per cent, ring by 46.90 per cent; Wall pickup sales by 64952, i.e. by comparison with 128.85 per cent and ring + 110.19 per cent
The Great Wall cannons were sold in bulk, 33015. Picard sales were much higher than expected, and the Great Wall cannons performed particularly well.
According to our own pricing system, in late June the Wall had an average discount rate of 8.77% for car-type arithmetic, and a discount rate of q2 over 0.6 pct. The discount rate for luxury cars and joint ventures increased considerably, and the market, lemon + tank + coffee, helped transform the world.
Overall +1.18 pct, the Wall’s summit is under pressure to stabilize prices, and overall performance is good.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: same sales versus leading industries, Great Wall cannons
Look at the whole plate, and start with "The New Power of Mainstream Cars" (The Great Wall Car).
3 The Great Wall Cars (601633): May Change. The three dimensions of "Institutional Innovation + Organizational Change + Cultural Re-engineering" drive from the bottom to "Small Growth in Whole Productions, Great Wall Guns."
The ball technology travel company has been transformed to capture the three technology brands of Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart 2020-06-10, using the user as the starting point for the core competitiveness of the product for the next decade.)
h6+Hover Dog + O'La White Cat, leading to a new cycle of powerful products that will drive companies up the real price. 3) The recovery of the car industry after the epidemic will further boost the new cycle of the Wall.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board