Highlights of events: 26 September 2020, the Great Wall Car under the flag of Haver, Ora, and the Wall Picard.
And wey four brands of the entire car landed at the 2020 (sixteenth) Beijing International Automobile Fair for the feast of the "Scats Walking Tanks, Chalk's Walled Coffee."  marketing methods + car-making ideas + overall changes in product culture, with the old brand playing the "New Wall."
Turns to creative interaction, multiple experiences online and offline, with beautiful women playing + human stars playing together to enhance quality and cultural charm; 2) extra 8 hours of fun and international online media live in parallel, with multiple dimensions of the Great Wall; 3) cars working together to create multi-brand brands that really turn cars in.
For users; 4) cat and dog name, the product has a strong cultural character. Four factors are active, helping the Great Wall to re-engineer its branding of the Great Steel Wall as a whole.  Hafer: Lemon town builds four brands of cars. 1) The Red Red Dog is officially on the market.
The price is 11.99-1429 million, the sum of fashion, practicality and non-relationship, and the personality is clearly consistent with the characteristics of the young group; 2) the first-ever Hover brand, the first-ever compact suv, is in love with the first-time, fashionable beauty, comfort and high-performance configuration, and emotional recognition leads to the tide. 3) Hapheh 6/f7 is all-embracing.
The face upgrades, design, intelligence, power, security, comfort 5-D upgrades, and the chariot shines again.
Pure electrical structure + coffee smart eco-empowerment, continued 400/500 km, pre-sold at 10.5-145,000, and launched a new wave of "intelligent aesthetics" . 2) tidal pure electric concept vehicle released, lemon platform + coffee smart system co-located with an autopilot support system at level 1.3.
Classic design, look-up, but internal science and technology have a great sense of classic fashion. 1, Great Wall Cars (601633): Smart: Sword to Great Wall Guns, electric pickups. 1) The Great Wall Gun Series is called Poer.
Suv, where tanks 300 were launched, was officially launched from China's first to the world's top three, with the first targets targeted at Australia, South America, South Africa, New Markets 2020-09-18.
This is followed by a global opening, a firm pickup strategy. 2) The new energy source, a multi-scenes pickup, 2, The Great Wall Automobile (601633): Mainstream: commercial electric cannons are officially on the market for 25.18-26.6 million dollars, and electric cannons for 27.980 million dollars.
Opening of pre-sales, field guns, brigade cannons, full-scale coverage and life experience. 3, Great Wall Cars (601633): August wey: The idea of two-minded integration, user-led innovation architecture.
We've got four brands. We've got vv7gtbrabus automotive, "Smart" studio vv7 technology version, "Defence and surface improvement" 2020-09-07.
The whole family has changed the scene. 1) Coffee is a gifted person with high-end luxury, a smart cabin plus an intelligent driving experience. 2) User-centred, product development, user experience, after-sales service three scenes together, with content, product, culture, value four-dimensional creations, creating a whole new conceptual architecture.
The car industry is back on the recovery track, with the company's new platform being marketed as a catalyst, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.