In June, the company produced 83,460 vehicles, an increase of 32.6 per cent;
The volume of vehicles sold was 82,036 vehicles, a 29.6 per cent increase over the same period, or 7.2 per cent over the same period in the Huff series;
The three-car model from Haverm6, Vulture and Wall Guns, with an increase of 314.0 per cent for m6 and 62.9 per cent for frenzy, is due mainly to the fact that last year M6 countries went to stock, and in May and June the volume was low. The pure electric brand, the Ora, has improved.
In June, the Great Wall was sold 26680 and 32.5% of the month. The increase was mainly due to the Great Wall Gun Series, which has been sold strongly since it was marketed in September last year, and continued to be sold in June, at a cost of 15003.
This has led to an increase in the market share of the company’s pickup, which in 2019 was 34%, and in 2020 it was 44%, an increase of 10% over last year’s. With the introduction of the policy of lifting the ban, we expect that the sales of guns in the Great Wall will continue to grow, raising the market share of the company’s pickup.
In addition, the company's Ace H6 will be replaced by a brand-new suv-type Hover dog, based on a new platform that takes into account the performance of both urban and off-road functions.
A full upgrade in interior, performance, and technology configuration will open a new product cycle. The investment proposal suggests that, while companies have achieved a positive year-on-year increase in sales in May and June, they are affected by the epidemic, maintaining a corporate “buy-a” rating in 2020.
Wall Cars: 19 performed as expected, 20q1 performed The Wall Cars: The October sales volume was higher than the October round, and it is expected that the impact of the excess will be higher than expected.
Wall Cars: Three-quarterly reports outperforming performance, negative output, Wall Cars: Rewinding sales, equity incentives in August Wall Cars: bottom performance is now, and profits are expected to change season by season
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data