Picard's contribution is equal to the increase in the number of new cars, or it's going to contribute to the growth.
In July 2020, the company released a fast-track sale of 78.3 million vehicles in July, an increase of 29.79 per cent compared to the previous month, with a similar increase in the contributions of Pika, Hafer, Wey, Ora Ring, an improvement compared to the previous year, which continued to come from Pika (Great Wall Gun, Windy), Haver (m6), July.
The sales of 20.7 million vehicles and 47.5 million vehicles, representing an increase of 155.86 per cent and 10.79 per cent over the same period, of which 12,000 were new vehicles and 23.7 million Huffm6 were sold, representing an increase of 99.80 per cent over the same period; by comparison, the sales of Wey and Eurasia improved, with sales of 0.71 million and 0.31 million in July.
Ring sales have increased by 25.44%, 16.28%, vv5, vvv6, vv7 and the Black Cat (r1) of the Ora brand. Companies will have multiple new models, including Hafer Dogs, tanks 300, on the market in the future, and automobile sales are expected to increase.
The company has benefited fully from the de-banning of the multi-provincial city pickup and the launch of the medium-to-high-end vehicle-type Great Wall Gun, with a significant increase in the volume of pickup and market ownership.
In July, the Great Wall cannons, wind 7 and wind 5 were the top three domestic pickups, and the company’s market share was 50%.
With three technology brands increasing product competitiveness, new models will be introduced, and companies have recently released three technology brands, namely lemons, tanks, coffee intelligence, to position themselves globally.
In the future, new models based on three technology brands will be introduced, such as the third generation of "h6" based on lemon platforms, and the "tank platform" based on tanks.
Tank 300, Euratoms based on lemon and coffee smart platforms, etc. Car sales are not as risky as expected, industry policy changes, etc. First reported date: 26 March 2019
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is responsible for producing this report independently and objectively and for ensuring that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately and that no third part of the conclusions are drawn.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.