Alternative car and auto parts are creating surprises, three technology platforms are enabling a new round of growth (Pacific Auto 2020 Strategy Recommendations) Events: The Great Wall has launched a new technology platform, including global high-intelligent modularization technology.
Lemon + tank, car-type platform , speed mode. The company’s new generation of smart car flats.
As soon as the platform changed its market bias towards the lack of attention to the Great Wall platform, the whole new generation of platforms, named with lemons and tanks, focused on the comfort of different categories of cars and luxury Land Cruisers, with full technical upgrades, clarity, high exposure and recognition.
The new platform has been developed over five years and is fully autonomous, supporting multiple power systems, multiple body lengths, multiple vehicle types, and a lemon platform alone covering the ao-d level, supporting suv, sedans, mpv model development.
438 base modules and 113 standard modules, with extremely flexible modularization. 3.0t+9at (millions of shares) was exposed for the first time and hard nuclear power was breaking.
After the release of the total market value/flow (million yuan) and 9dc, the higher-level power of 3.0t+9at was again exposed on the tank platform
A combination of systems, of which 3.0t engine heat efficiency exceeded 38%, achieving the highest level of peer performance.
It's a new height, and it's a break in hard verification. It's a new energy power mix. The ocean relaxes or is about to start a new wave of decomposition (Pacific dht technology, four-driven mode smart switching, fuel saving is almost 50%, pure electric power is high-powered).
The system can continue the flight at 700, with 4.4 seconds of 100 km acceleration, while the battery system is also tested through the harshest Great Wall vehicle (601633), which is growing more robustly and more intensely than ever before.
The Great Wall is still full of cannons - 2020/07/08.
The smart platform, which combines the two-system functions of smart pods and smart drivers, uses the coffee special features of the Great Wall car (601633) "Pika King, Potential Market" to define intelligent motors as moving the third space and to expand the intelligence of living spaces.
Break Up - 2020/07/06 A new generation of electronic architecture supports domain controllers, while supporting 5g data transfer, global fota online upgrades to provide strong hardware support for the development of more functionality and scenario applications in the future.
Investment Recommendations: With the launch of the new platform, the company will start a new cycle of growth, new car cycles, and technological intelligence, which is expected to lead to a double improvement in valuation performance. As a powerful brand with a strong, resilient and flexible brand, the Pacific Car will continue its strategy for 2020.
Billion, keep the "buy-in" rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.