The number of cars and car parts that can be consumed is growing, and the Great Wall's cannons are still high (the Pacific Auto 2020 strategy recommended).
29.6 per cent, compared with the previous month, maintained a strong increase. Of these, 46998 were sold by the Hafer brand, 5653 by the Wey brand, 26680 by the pickup card (of which 15003 by the gun) and 2,635 by the Ora brand. Over the first five months, cumulatively, there were more than 395,000 vehicles, representing a decline of 19.95 per cent over the same period.
The leading industry is growing strongly, and the main vehicle type is very strong. Consumers' enthusiasm to buy cars continued to rise in June, maintaining last month's growth. The number of H6s sold was over 23,000, and more than 10,000, strongly supporting overall sales.
The city's cannons have continued to build on their historic heights, and the major major vehicles continue to show their strength. Picards are inexorable, and gunships are new and innovative. Picards are heavily sold in June, up to more than 26,000 vehicles are sold each month, with an average of more than 889 per day, and the city has a very high share in the pickup collar.
The advantages of the 9,177/9,127 domain are incomparable.
Monthly sales are once again at an all-time high, exceeding market expectations. In addition, the vehicle market end demand is high at the highest/minimum level for 12 months, and the supply is high enough to successfully lead the mid-end and high-end pickups and to stand firm in the middle and high-end pickups.
As more and more cities gradually liberalize their entry restrictions, pickups are expected to take over the Great Wall car (601633) King Picard, the potential market is expected to continue for the next three quarters, and the new platform’s new cycle will release new growth. As the epidemic stabilizes,
The Great Wall's 30% + Power Growth, the Wall's depression and the new demand will be released gradually, the buying market will remain dynamic and the overall demand will remain high.
With a steady upturn and a return to normal, profits are expected to improve significantly, while new growth points are expected as Picah is lifted and the car industry recovers. The company is about to launch the Great Wall in the third quarter.
To the new generation platform in 2030, it is expected that this year there will be more than two new products, innovation high (Pacific Auto 2020 Strategic Recommendations), and a new model H6 will be introduced, and the big dog's new car will contribute to the start of a new round.
-20/205/05/08 Investment proposal: The company ' s June sales ring ratio continues to improve, the same-year growth is strong, sales are back to normal, sales are going back to normal, as the domestic epidemic stabilizes further and new products are being rolled out in the future.
It is hoped that this will continue to improve, with companies maintaining a “buy-in” rating as strong brands of autonomous brands, both resilient and resilient, with a net return profit of $4 billion/$58 billion in the year and in the year.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.