Highlights of the event: On September 5, 2020, the Great Wall car called "Advanced on the Hafer Dog Line."
The condensed suvhafer dog has a combination of 1.5t+7dc motors, including four versions of Haschi/Labrado/Rabrado/Ray Shepherd/Marine, with a pre-sale space of $12.5 to 146,000. The new car will be officially listed at the Beijing Car Fair on September 25th.
The big dog's product creates two bright spots: 1) "Styling in Words." The whole line is hard, square, and the forward grid is designed with a shield. The interior is equipped with three horizontal bars, black oranges with a round fog light, stereo muscles and hard pies.
2) Retrogees are hidden in detail to build a unique visual effect. A round front lamp plus a flat straight car, a strip line plus an open nail, an orange background pair of black accessories, with a clear hierarchy and a strong visual effect.
Brands and configurations are global, using the term "big canine" as their scope, and powerful power + high technology to create a rejuvenation of the car industry, positioning them as Hover's ip flagships.
12/15/13.4/14.0/146,000, higher than the third generation Hafh, about $10,000, with a higher value of sex.  High passivity, technological introduction, and new autonomous leadership. 1) Power side, big dogs, front-loaded 1.5t+7dc, maximum power of 124kw (169 horsepower)
Rectangular 285nm, with a 2.0t power version expected in November. It's 200 mm from the gap, has a 24° proximate angle + 30° exit angle + 24° pass, is configured with a medium and two subsequent speed locks, and has a high-transit power configuration at the off-road level. 2) In the configuration of the cabin, the big dog uses a whud lift.
The head displays +10.1 inch full LCD meters + 12.3 inch touch-and-control suspended control screens with Harman sound systems. There are pan-view skylights, cellular bluetooth digital keys, wireless charge, smart voice control, etc., to create a comfortable driving environment. 3) In smart driving, big dogs use mobileeyeiq4 chips.
It's beautiful, it's only just beginning! It's got a class-I2+ autopilot support system that allows for a full-scale automatic parking, backtracking, transparency chassis and other bright spots, and a whole lota rotational upgrade to use the lemon platform.
2. The Great Wall Cars (601633): July. Technology features. Autopilot multiple scenery systems are at a level of autonomy.
The performance was exceeding expectations, and it was only now on the recovery track, coupled with the catalyzing of the company's new platform, to maintain the “buy-in” rating.