A steady growth in revenue and a positive increase in strategic inputs - Use of Friends Network (600588.sh) Annual Report 2022
A share flow unit (million shares): The impact of such factors as the upgrading of the business structure. In terms of sub-operations, the company’s main cloud service and software business realized revenue of $9,201 million, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period, of which $6,353 million was generated by cloud services.
In 2022, the company released a landmark version of its "friendship bip3" from platform technology, application frames to application and business services, scale ecosystems, user experience of full-scale breakthrough innovation, including yms.
Initiation and socialization of applications of business models, transactional accounting, identity systems, etc., in the middle of the cloud technology break-through, forming strategic formations at the three levels of intelligence, innovation services, and ecological systems, covering a large core of intelligence, with the product as a whole reaching global leadership.
The research-friendship network of the National Dollar Securities Corporation (600588.sh), 2022, aipaas capability, provides an ai-driven intelligent application service, intelligent application development, robotics, three-quarterly report points: a steady increase in revenue and a vigorous seizure of the information technology.
Process automation (rpa) services, knowledge mapping, etc., to create over 2,300 business service application models. Concealment 2022.1.03 Continue high-end card-level business markets, and high growth in subscription earnings for micro-enterprise client markets Saas
In the case of large-scale business clients, companies focus on the opportunities of intellectualization and credit creation in order to achieve cloud services and annual reports: achieving steady growth in revenue collection and increasing market grabs.
Software revenue of $6,651 million, an increase of 6.5 per cent, including $4,393 million for cloud services, $1,142 million for current cloud services and software operations, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the same period, with cloud services revenue, products supporting the IT environment, nearly 7,000 new client payers in 2022, and contract payments
The company has been plowing for years in the field of traditional business management software. Cloud services are a strategic development and are in a critical period of rapid cloudization, with higher cost inputs for R & D, sales, etc., low net profit margins, application of ps
The risks associated with cloud transformation are not as advanced as expected; the risks of research and development and promotion of new products are less advanced than expected; the risks of brain drain; and the risks of increased competition in the industry as more manufacturers enter the market for corporate cloud services.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.