We appreciate the company’s leading position in the industry and its benefits from the creation of a national alternative, maintaining that the “buying of Yang Super has a slightly lower performance than market expectations.” The company’s 1q23 income is RMB 1.47 billion, an increase of 15% over the previous year.
The cloud business continues to move ahead with the subscription priority strategy. 1q23 Cloud Services Together Maintains the “buy-in” rating: In 2023, the company will continue to promote the use of the friendly bip commercial innovation platform, focusing on key strategies such as organizational upgrading, business improvement and efficiency enhancement to further advance it.
Large and medium-sized enterprises have increased their subscription income by raising their subscription income ratio. As economic activity has gradually been replaced, the “buy-in” rating has been maintained, giving companies 2023e investment risk: increased competition; demand recovery has been less than expected, taking into account the average value of the company's valuation over the past five years.
Pilgrim International, Spob International, Sfob International.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.