The first quarter of 2023 q1 battalion experienced a steady growth of revenue, with clients at all levels continuing to push ahead with the release of the first quarter of 2023 Q1 network report on 28 April. Q1 achieved a steady growth of 2023 q1 battalion in 2023, resulting in increased profits.
With respect to revenue from liquidity (million shares), in 2023, q1 achieved operating income of 1,475 million yuan, an increase of 15.29 per cent over the same period, of which cloud services grew rapidly, generating a revenue of 950 million yuan, an increase of 27.0 per cent, or 27.0 per cent over the same period.
With respect to contractual liabilities, q1 realized its contractual liability of $2.43 billion in 2023, of which, on the one hand, q1 promoted one of the largest business organizational upgrades in the company ' s history in 2023:
For large- and medium-sized enterprises, the business model has been upgraded from an area-based, regional-plus industry model to an industry-based, industry-plus model, with 23 new sector-based client and solution departments established; and medium-sized enterprises.
On the one hand, it is maintained that it is organized vertically and in accordance with the regional national unity system, with the establishment in each region of specialized institutions for the operation of medium-sized enterprises and the strengthening of regional market coverage. On the other hand, in 2023, q1 companies continued to optimize their products, laying a solid foundation for large-scale applications.
In addition, the company actively embraces ai 1. “Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Corporate Deepness _ Corporate Cloud Services New Blue Sea, Business Creation”
To promote the age of application, to initiate training in large models of business services, to promote digital business innovation in the field of technology generation and technology in the new platform for business intelligence transport, 2020-08-25 Camp, naturalization and interaction.
2. “Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Large Enterprise Clients Breaking through, Medium Enterprises Rapid Market Development Company Review _ Corporate Cloud Services New Blue Sea, Business Creation”
Large enterprise customer markets, companies seizing business intelligence and credit creation national market opportunities, 2023q1 New Platforms Shaping the Future 2022-03-24 3. Huaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _
u8cloud continues to be active in the medium-sized enterprise customer market, with 2023q1 generating 270 million yuan, an increase of 34 per cent over the same period.
The cloud services industry has achieved revenues of 150 million yuan, an increase of 64.8 per cent over the same period. The MSMEs client market. The public and private holdings continue to focus on the two main areas of MSMEs intellectual property tax and business, with 2023q1 generating revenues of 200 million yuan, an increase of 21.5 per cent over the same period, of which cloud subscription revenue is 110 million.
Euros, 31.5 per cent increase in the same year, with cloud subscription income accounting for 57.4 per cent of the total revenue of smooth and easy access (1) R & D breakthroughs are not as expected; 2) policy support is not as high as expected; 3) product delivery is not as high as expected; and information on legal compliance is used to produce this report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I write.
There is no guarantee of accuracy or completeness, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.