\triangleright \triangleright
Net profits of shareholders of listed companies increased by 112.51 per cent over the year, net profits of shareholders of listed companies deducted from those of non-listed companies by 2,643 million yuan, compared with net profits of shareholders of listed companies excluded from active business in 2015
Medium- and high-end market positioning is expected to maintain the advantage of industry barriers. In 2016, companies achieved 2,580 million couriers, representing an increase of 21.51 per cent in operating income over the previous year, of which speed logistics did not contain tax revenues of $57,141 million, or 21.75 per cent more, and business-income markets accounted for about 14.46 per cent.
Household service experiences are better, clients are more sticky and satisfied, and good slogans and brand values lead to significant premium margins of $NZ and $22.15, well above industry averages. Company profitability levels are healthy, and future income growth is dependent on stable income growth, high-quality average income and effective cost control are expected to maintain industry barrier advantages.
The "13th Five-Year Plan" launched by the country in 2016 proposed the strengthening of logistics infrastructure and the development of third-party and green logistics, cold-chain logistics, rural and urban distribution. 2017 Express consortia with more than 10 billion pieces of business per year or more than $100 billion per year of business revenue, have fostered more than two devices.
World-renowned courier brands with international competitiveness and good reputation. Companies based on traditional power suppliers are instrumental in building a dual-nuclear-drive industrial biosphere, expanding logistics site resources to respond to retail expansion of demand for logistics distribution centres and small transit warehouses, and third-party logistics for storage space.
Demand. By the end of the reporting period, the stockholding had contracted 2,953 acres of land, with a total planned construction area of 2,12.7 billion yuan, and will further increase the deployment of core strategic resources in the future. In addition, the company is actively building the international industry """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""")
Forward-looking deployment of intelligent logistics. Based on its own data and external data, the company provides data value-added services to its clients through cloud computing and big data; joins forces with businesses with rich community resources, such as business, honeycomb technology, to solve the last kilometre problem of delivery by swinging points and a new generation of smart cabinets; companies expand automated logistics equipment;
Research and development inputs, such as drones, provide a forward-looking basis for market expansion in the central and western regions. With outstanding performances, strong mobility advantages, and service quality labels as industry poles, we believe that the company’s future advantage in the business sector will continue, and its investment in smart logistics equipment and technology will be further translated into the firm’s core competitiveness, with a “possession” rating.