The Centre for Research on Resources and the Environment has achieved a net return profit of $4.02 billion, pers 0.57 in the first half of 2019, an increase of 113.62 per cent in the same year, and 700.99 per cent in the second quarter over the first quarter, significantly exceeding market-consistency expectations.
Because helium petrochemicals were able to load the refineries in two quarters, and some of the follow-on devices were put into operation, it was difficult to split their specific products during the process. But, judging from the company’s total withholding of non-net interest rates, our theoretical calculation of the Helonic petrochemicals net rate significantly exceeded market expectations.
The logic of a significant shift of most of the px profits to the pta segment in the second quarter: px’s main port of China’s cfr prices fell sharply in March 2019, moving rapidly from a central price of $1,000 to a central price of $850, while pta’s prices were not evident in the area.
“If the 10 billion profit margin is only the bottom limit of the profit? Accompanies the fall, thereby increasing the pta profit. Polyester profit decline: Stereochemical polyesters are divided mainly into long wires (fdy and dty), slices, engineering.
Plastics pbt, and polyester membrane bopets, with profits falling by about 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
1. Risk of a large-scale single-way decline in crude oil 2. Serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing 3. Policy and market risk for finished oils due to quota restrictions for external exports 4. Geopolitical risk 5.
The risk of large-scale exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar, released by the Division's equities, is the result of a significant increase in competition in the industry.
Our theoretical estimate of the non-net interest rate of the stulfide petrocarbide plant is significantly higher than we expected, so we've revised the 2019 profit forecast from 7.5 billion to 9 billion.
The better px-pta movement in the first half of the year confirms the view of the px chain profit shift to the pta link. Although the px fell rapidly, according to our theory, the cost advantage of the constant px can still yield theoretical gains of about $1,400 per ton of px in the second quarter.
The US tax on China ' s 300 billion commodities affected domestic foreign trade orders for textile and clothing, and the polyester industry experienced procurement wait-and-seeing, which led to a sharp drop in pta prices; however, when the US situation subsided in mid-June, pta prices were quickly repaired and pta profits were restored to the px chain.
In the first half of the year, pta contributed about 1.8 billion dollars in profits (including some steam and parts of the electrochemicals and finished oils) because it was more difficult to split the composition of the product during the driving process because, in the driving process, such as the slag oil and some by-products, they would not continue to process but would be sold directly: part of the adjusted oil was produced as a result of the production.
The product does not meet production standards and is sold on a by-product basis. And since the chemical device has not yet been put into production, the synergies between the refining and the chemical device have not yet been demonstrated. Therefore, the profit from the constant petrochemicals also requires sustained attention to the release of the profits from the normal completion of the plant installations in the second half of the year.
In addition to this, the profits of the long silk and the engineering plastic plates have been reduced. As can be seen, the price difference between the fdy long wires in the first half of the year was weaker than that of the polyester chain.
Following the launch on 15 December 2018 of the Helium Pulse Project for the Future and the anticipated second half of the year, the Helium Refinement Project successfully completed a one-time operation of the refinery production process on 25 March of this year, producing gasoline and producing fuel.
Major products such as diesel fuel, aviation kerosene, px, and the successful completion of the project on 17 May, have also created a worldwide industry miracle of construction speed, driving speed and production speed, with a concentration of constant speed and constant quality.
The persistent chemical unit is expected to be delivered in the middle of the fourth quarter. The persistent chemical unit consists mainly of the 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene device, the 21.9 million tonnes/year ethylene device, the polyethylene and polypropylene devices and the 720,000 tonnes/year styrene device.
▪ In addition, the helium petrochemical polyester project is proceeding in an orderly manner. In terms of project progress, the pta-4.pta-51.35 million tonnes/year Helium silk project is progressing as expected. As a result of renewed frictions in US trade in the last three quarters, the industry environment is more similar than in the second quarter of this year.
The pace of purchases of raw materials in the domestic textile and clothing industry has had a certain impact; pta showed a sharp fall in early August. Crude oil prices have fluctuated significantly since July, and have continued to fall from $64 to a minimum of $55 per barrel since early July.
The price gap for finished oil and diesel fuel has increased significantly, and diesel fuel has benefited from the new imo 2020 shipping regulations. Shipping coal has remained profitable at a faster pace than domestic aviation demand.
Because of the large number of conversions between aviation kerosene and light diesel fuel, it is expected that consistent petrochemicals will increase profitability in the second half of the year by increasing diesel output and appropriately reducing kerosene output.
1. While the trade friction between China and the United States does not directly change the total demand for essential consumer goods, such as textile clothing, there may be a certain amount of demand for order rhythms and raw material procurement rhythms to be used to service segments of the industrial chain. 2. The continuing decline in crude oil prices and the corresponding fluctuations in the prices of major chemical products.
Due to the low production rate of previous projects, our projections for profit increased slightly throughout the year 2019, increasing the net return profit from Helium petrochemicals from $7.49 billion to $9 billion in 2019, correcting our expectations for the pace of production of Helium petrochemicals, and fine-tuning the surplus of $14.4 billion,17.1 billion over the next two years.
3. Risk of sales of finished oils due to policies and external export quota restrictions
9. Risk of large fluctuations in prices of major chemical products due to high levels of industrial competition 10. Downward risks in the global economic cycle
11. Impact of other force majeure Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment