Helium petrochemicals (600346): Refinement to pta climate performance is much higher than expected.
The company is committed to the development of a world-class whole-of-industry chain “refining - to dimbenzene, ethylene-pta, ethylene-civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics, polyester film”, owning
This represents an increase of 113.62%. In the second quarter, 20 million tons of oil refining projects were achieved in a single quarter, owing to a combination of refining inputs and pta price differentials, the largest net return to mother-to-manufactured devices in the world of 3.515 billion yuan, far more than expected.
The largest producer of pta. At the same time, the public is shocked by the constant speed of the world, and refining is the first to deliver the perfect answer. The Helium Pulse Division is also large and high-end in the field of polyester fibre manufacturing in our country.
On March 25th this year, the integration project opened the process, and on May 17th, it held a full-scale, differentiated development lead business. The company’s first half-year refining project sold chemicals against a background of 45 days of full commissioning.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentation: projected 600,000 tons. This year’s new investment, recombination and production can put pressure on px prices, px prices  2 Quarter polyester end demand pressure, pta price spread.
21,766 million yuan, with a net profit of 1,826 million yuan. The reason for the decline in the price of px from raw materials, and the reason for the down-scaling, is the difference in pta prices (after deduction of acetic acid costs) of $887 per ton in the second quarter, an increase of $345 per ton in the ring. At the same time, the company's raw materials are delivered directly to pta production, resulting in savings in freight costs, import of px tariffs, etc.
With the advantage of integration, the cost of single tons is reduced by about $160 and pta ' s profitability is significantly increased. The price of 19h1 polyester products has fallen, with prices of silk, slices, film falling by 3.78%, 4.85%, and 9.73%, respectively.
The company also has 1.35 million tons of high-quality scrubber longlines and 200,000 tons of high-performance industrial wires that will be put into production next year, further increasing the company’s market share in the detergent industry and contributing to the increase in profits. The ethylene project accelerates construction, pta4 and pta5.
On October 20, pta5 will be putting in a test car early in March next year.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect companies to belong to listed companies in 2019-2021 to see the future of the company and to maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Eastern financial and intellectual resources Helium petrochemicals (600346): much more than expected in refining the pta landscape.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Helium petrochemicals (600346): The performance of the pta landscape in the refining industry has increased considerably beyond expectations.
Master of Chemical Engineering, Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, Zhang Minghua, 3 years of experience in chemical industries, research in the chemical industry since 2015, research assistant profile
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in chemical engineering overseas, joined Dong-hing, Xu Kullen, May 2018. Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in chemical technology development and management.
Click here to enter text. Parser's own research view. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or view in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.