The refining project took the lead and pre-empted six months of record performance.
The company released a report in the first half of 2019, which recorded business income of $42.33 billion, an increase of 60.04 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $4.02 billion, an increase of 113.62 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
In the first half of the year, the company combined Māori rate was 17.42%, an increase of 2.85 percentage points from the same year, and the increase in Māori rate was mainly due to the high profile of the pta-polyester chain and the investment of refining projects in the second quarter. International oil prices rose and fell in the first half of the year, with more volatility.
Px price increases are greater than pta on the same scale, but with 20 million tonnes/year of formal production of the integration project, the unit has not only enabled the px raw material to become largely self-sufficient, but has overcome the negative impact of the price increases.
Billion, bringing the first half of the year to record highs. “pta-polyester” industry chain depth layout, industry leading the tons/year pta-4 and pta-5 projects, with pta capacity increasing by 6.6 million tons/year
By 11.6 million tonnes per year, the company will be the first company in the industry to have an equity capacity of over 10 million tonnes. The company currently has 2.81 million tonnes of aggregate capacity, and with the construction of a project to produce 1.35 million tonnes of new multifunctional high-quality textile materials per year, the company's total polyester production capacity will be over 4 million tonnes.
The refinery is fully operational, the chemical industry is steadily moving forward, and the entire industrial chain is being refined and the entire production process of the refinery project was completed on March 25th this year, producing gasoline, diesel and aviation.
Major products, such as kerosene, px, mark the completion and full commissioning of the 20 million tonnes/year refined integrated projects. The 1.5 million tonnes/year refined oils project is currently in the construction phase and is expected to be fully operational by the end of 2019 or early 2020 to provide further access to “benene”
At that time, the company will form a whole-of-industry integration of crude oil - aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene - pta, ethylene - polyester - civil silk, industrial silk, polyester membrane, engineering plastics.
In October 2014, he joined industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, and in March 2016 he graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in China ' s petrochemical Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016 for the technical management of oil refining and chemical production.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.