Material material  Production of large-scale refining project, significant improvement in cash flow, reported over-expected event: company mid-2019 report, business income of $42.33 billion in the first half of the year, same
The integration advantages of the Great Refinement Project are becoming apparent after the company's 20 million tonnes/Year Great Refinery Project was successfully opened on 25 March 2019, following the launch of the roll-out of devices such as normal depressure on 15 December 2018.
The refinery produced a full process that successfully produced key products such as petrol, diesel, aviation kerosene, px, and successfully completed the formal full commissioning of the project on 17 May, partially re-established during the first half of the year, with total equity/flow (millions of shares)
In 2019h1, the project produced 22.798 million tons of chemical products (unpaid total market value/flow (millions of dollars) containing self-use px and acetic acid products) and 45.24 million tons of finished oil, if installed in 1.5 million tons in 2019.
12-month maximum/minimum volume of products, equivalent to about 1.7 months of full production, resulting in a net profit of 1,361 million constant shares (600346) [Pacific Chemical]
With the production of px and acetic acid devices, the company achieved the self-sufficiency of its primary raw material, “Smelting Sterilization Strengths: Three Quarterlys: Single Quarters -px-pta-polyesters” and the advantages of integration of the industrial chain emerged.
The average price of engineering plastics and polyester film (-9.73) fell to varying degrees, pta product constant shares (600346) [Pacific Chemical]
Hesitant shares are reported in 2018: polyester industry, with a high level of single-ton earnings for the product.
In 2019, the Māori sales rate rose to 17.42 per cent and, as a result of a large number of projects under construction, a negative annual rating of the Helium Stock Exchange: ready performance, speed up the layout of the industry chain.
2. Accelerating layout, with great potential for future growth, while (1) the company is building 1.5 million tons of ethylene/yearly ethylene projects, including 1.5 million tons of ethylene devices and 12 chemical installations, to further increase product value addition and refining competitiveness.
According to the project feasibility study report, the full postnatal coverage of the project is expected to yield an annual sales income of $24.3 billion, with an average annual net profit of approximately $4.3 billion. (2) 2.5 million tonnes/year pta-4 is in progress
According to the feasibility study, after the completion of the project, the average annual sales revenue is expected to be $11,24,573,000, the total annual average profits are invested in a major refining project, cash flows have improved significantly, and expectations have been overestimated.
Ten thousand tons/year. (3) 1.35 million tons of new multi-purpose high-quality textile materials are under construction. The project has been calculated to reach a projected annual sales income of $15.66 billion (including taxes) after delivery, annual profits, integrated layout, large future growth space, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.