Europa (603833.sh) customized home-based industry pilot, who hit the time-span.
The company is the leader of the domestic custom-based industry, with a strong management capacity and growing profitability, and is currently the only listed company with more than 10 billion revenues in the home-making industry. The company’s channels, products, and production-side advantages are constructed to protect the city’s rivers with a wide range of people, and the O’Shealey is expected to generate a sustained growth dynamic. We predict that the company’s 2019-
The short-term demand rises as a result of the completion of heating, and the medium- and long-term sector effect is expected to be more certain in terms of the time dimension of the short-term 1-2 years. The Euro-based home is the leader of the industry, and the retail end will benefit directly from the home-based dividends of the completion of heating. At the end of the project, the demand will continue to be well-suited.
From a medium-term perspective, front-line brands rely on core advantages such as channels, products, and productivity, and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. From a long-term perspective, stock-up demand increases, weakening the post-natal-cycle attributes of the industry.
• Channels + product + productivity, building core competitive edges of companies, through fine management and years of screening of distribution channels, develop a cadre of recognized corporate culture, competition awareness, good business skills, and leading dealers.
The advantage of the Europa cabinets is strong, and the closets are followed by the use of wooden doors, guard baths, and multi-species depths provide a solid basis for development. Nationalized production can be configured to build costs and deliver advantages.
..constructed with a thick, thin-haired pattern, O'Hara is expected to develop a turning point, vertically, working with local leaders to create a confluence effect of 1+1 > 2. Scarce assembly resources and multi-goods advantages create stronger barriers. 2) O'Hara: accurate coverage of demand for middle-level, young consumption, and
Business strategies are gradually being streamlined, and brands are expected to develop. The expansion of recruitment has slowed, and the price war in the industry has intensified, leading to a decline in corporate profitability.
1.1. The development process: the development of a single category of goods, starting with diversity and integration. The European family is the leader of the domestic custom-based household, mainly in the design, development, production, sale and installation of custom-made products of the whole household, such as the whole kitchen, the whole closet, the whole bath and custom wooden doors.
The course of corporate development can be divided into three main stages: 1) One-Purpose Classes: In the 1990s, the Europeans successfully opened up the domestic closet market, drawing on the European “total kitchen” concept, and successfully registered the “European trademark” in 1996. In the early stages of development, the Europeans strongly promoted the national battalion.
In 1999, the company had specialized malls and service centres in more than 100 of the country’s central cities. In 2000, Europa’s annual sales exceeded $100 million. 2) Multi-purpose extension: in 2003, the company entered the military bath industry, with multi-grade extensions based on cabinets.
In 2006, the company's entire closet business officially started. In 2007, the company sold over $1 billion a year. In 2010, the company was officially renamed Guang Eastern European Home Group Limited and completed full coverage of the core household categories of cabinets, closets, guard baths, wooden doors, etc.
3) Integration: In 2011, the company developed a three-year development strategy to harmonize its multi-purpose business. In 2013, the company entered into a strategic partnership with Red Star, Kerung, to improve access to high-quality domestic resources.
The division’s first owner is running a flagship shop. The company has also become the only owner-to-house collection of more than 10 billion dollars, with significant income advantages, rising profitability, a steady growth in business earnings, and a growing advantage in size.
In the second half of 2018, the growth rate slowed somewhat. The growth rate of corporate revenue fell relative to that of the previous year, but the relative comparative advantage of the sector was greater. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company earned $9.54 billion in operating income, clearly ahead of other competitors.
In the same year, the growth rate was 16.3 per cent, and the growth in the higher base was still at the forefront of the industry. Figure 3: Euro-based income advantages are becoming clear (millions of dollars) by category, kitchens are strong and closets are expected to grow later.
In the first three quarters of 2019, two operations together accounted for about 85% of the total. Of this, the closet income ratio was about RMB 2011 billion, an increase of 6.2% from the same year, with a strong lead. The closet income was RMB 3.51 billion, an increase of 21.3% from the same year, and the income scale was gradually approaching Sofia, and it is hoped that it will rise later.
People are synergizing, and the woodgates and the baths provide new amounts. Corporate doors and the baths are growing faster, with the help of the cooking and clothing business. In the first three quarters of 2019, the woodgates earned $413 million, an increase of 37.37 per cent, and the baths, $440 million, an increase of 43.30 per cent.
The future wooden door and bath operations will continue to benefit from two positive factors: 1) the whole-house model further enhances the co-benefits of the class; 2) the wooden door and bath operations will benefit directly from the current sub-channels, while the retail end will remain the main line and the engineering end will gradually be added to the code.
The share of corporate revenue from bulk operations rose to 16.5 per cent, while revenue from bulk operations amounted to $1.55 billion, an increase of 50.9 per cent over the same period, but the Europeans remained primarily at the retail end, with sales of 2019q3 accounting for close to 80 per cent, and sales revenue amounted to $7.42 billion, an increase of 12.9 per cent over the same period.
Figure 9: Distribution growth has been steady, large and fast, economies of scale have become apparent, and profitability has been increasing. In addition to the higher stock-taking ratio, the level of Māori in the residential sector is similar to that of listed companies.
There are two main reasons for this: (i) the promotion of a pool of high-quality distributors through low settlement rates, etc.; and (ii) the European multi-producer industry, where some of the new products were still in the process of cultivation. After 2016, the product groups gradually passed the breeding period, and the scale effects showed, leading to a steady increase in the Māori rate.
The hand will continue to be under pressure from new breeds of Maori, and the European scale effect is expected to drive Māori to an upward trend in all categories of Māori in Europe. 1.3. High concentration of equity and management capacity
By the end of the third quarter of 2019, the company actually controlled the company owned 68.54% of the shares of Yao Liang Song and his brother Yao Lian Bak held 8.77% of the shares of the company.
3.08%, the third largest shareholder in the company. The strong concentration of ownership has given Chairman Yao Liang Song absolute voice within the company and strong enforcement of strategic decisions at all levels of the company.
President Tan Chinhing graduated from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, emphasizing “the spirit of building a home with an airplane.” Since 1984, President Yao Liang Xiang Xing started his family home in Europe, he has been a low-key, pragmatic and rooted player, relying on excellent managerial and decision-making skills to lead the Europeans to the past. Yao Liang Xong is still personally in charge of corporate strategic decision-making and is a public official.
The head of the division is also the president of the company.2 Industry: in the short and medium term, it looks at the return of the flagship value and the long-term consumption attributes.
In a short period of 1-2 years, the customized home sector is expected to meet top-down investment opportunities. As the leader of the customized home, the retail end will benefit directly from the home-based dividends of the home-based industry from the completion of heating.
From a long-term perspective, stock-up demand will increase, weakening the post-natal cycle attributes of the home-based industry. The industry’s consumer attributes are driving the long-term valuation of leading companies.
2.1. Short-term: completion of heating gradually confirms that there is still room in the ready-made market, that there is an urgent need to fill the drop-off gap and that the forward-looking indicators continue to move towards a high correlation between revenue from the furniture manufacturing industry and the real estate cycle, and that furniture is being dragged down from the property cycle in the second half of 2016
Industry growth. Compared with the rate of growth in furniture manufacturing revenue from higher-quality residential sales of goods in real estate data, it can be seen that the rate of increase in the sale of merchandise houses is highly correlated with the rate of increase in furniture manufacturing revenue, and that the delay in recognition of revenue from furniture manufacturing is about four quarters.
The rate of revenue growth in the furniture manufacturing industry also reached its recent high point in April 2017. The housing manufacturing industry’s cumulative income in the three quarters of 2019 fell by 2.0 pct at a rate of only 4.40 per cent per year, as a result of the delay in moving down the property cycle.
Since 2016, housing completion has continued to be low, the area of new construction has been growing steadily, and the delivery gap has continued to grow. The main reasons for the shortfall in this turnover are: 1) Real estate firms have accelerated as a result of tight financing.
After 2018, the share of residential housing sales was higher than before the completion of 77% of the process, with a longer pre-construction period than before the completion of the construction. But the pre-construction project will eventually be directed to the completion process.
For one to three years, the drop-in gap has continued for almost two years, and the completion data is short-term in need of repair. From the historical data from 2000 onwards, the three previous persistent drop-off gaps have generally been followed by a more resilient completion cycle.
The monthly rate of increase in the number of house completion orders fell to 26.5 per cent, and the rate of increase in October-December was similar to the rate of recovery resulting from the completion of the repairs in the second half of 2019, owing to a small delay in the completion and delivery of the general home owing to the laying of the pipe network, the greening of the area, and the spread of the demand for the retail end of the house over time after delivery.
Household demand is expected to continue to be transmitted to retail outlets in 2020. Figure 16: 2019h2 Housing completion data continue to warm back up. Figure 17: Total housing completion for the year 2019 has been positive for the year.
The pre-construction target has been continuously improved, further proof of the return of the construction. In 2019, the pre-construction target, such as construction investment, tablet, glass production, elevator production, etc., was cumulatively high on a year-on-year basis, and further validation of the pre-construction target is expected to continue. In January-December 2019, the cumulative completion of construction investment increased by 11.8% over the same year, and flat-glass production increased by 11.8% over the same period.
Figure 18: Accumulated growth of 11.8 per cent in year-on-year investment in construction in 2019. Customized home-based forward-looking indicators also continue to be positive, leading to short-term income growth. Because of the relatively high distribution channels for listed companies in the customized home sector, the growth in pre-receipt payments in one season is more rapid than in the next.
Customized household advance payments rose from 4% of 2018q4 to 17% of 2019q3. The pre-receipt rate continued to warm, the demand increased due to the continuous recovery of the completed works, and the short-term performance of the customized home sector, figure 20: the pre-receipt of the customized home sector recovered at the same rate.
2.1.2 The release of the fine dividends continues, and there is still room for market sinking and penetration. Policy support, supply and demand pulls together, and the market for fine-favouring is growing rapidly.) Policy level: 2013, Central.
In 2017, the construction industry “13th Five-Year Plan” explicitly stated that 30% of the housing area to be renovated in 2020 and that the penetration rate of the improved real estate market would increase rapidly. 2) At the supply level: in the context of the price limits of the flats, there is a need to improve the quality of the housing stock.
Real estate providers are willing to increase their share of the finer stock and increase their profits. 3) Demand level: According to the Ovi cloud network, 39.5 per cent is available. Consumer acceptance of the fine house is increasing.
In 2016, the opening of the country’s consummated buildings began to grow at a very high rate, with an average rate of more than 35% per year in 2016-2017 and a total of 2.53 million units nationwide in 2018, representing an increase of 59.9% in 2019.
The impact of the tightening of controls has led to a decline in the speed with which the renovations are opened. But there is a one-to-two-year lag between the opening of a consummated building and the establishment of a home-based business. As the amount of precision openings entered the fast-growing phase in 2016, the income from home-based projects, such as those in Europe and Sofia, began to react from 2017. And, since 2017, the overall turn-over has slowed down.
Policy-driven and small- and medium-sized housing firms’ involvement in driving the niche market to sink, there is still much room for improvement. In 2019, there was a decline in the rate of opening up of the panorama, but it was more likely to be affected by the overall sale of real estate.
In addition, although our home penetration rate is expected to reach the policy target of 30% ahead of schedule in 2019, it is more advanced than in developed countries.
More than 80 per cent of the fit-out penetration is still significant, and there is still room for improvement. Figure 23: Our policy on the ready-to-use housing is gradually moving downwards. Figure 24: Increased participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in the ready-to-use housing industry.
• Provincial policy — municipal policy — national policy
In the medium term: industry divisions are increasing, and the Matthews effect is expected to show that, in the medium term, the demand-driven crude development model of the custom-based home sector has become unsustainable. In the past, the custom-based home sector developed rapidly, relying on the driving forces of the estate dividend and the increased penetration of the custom-based sector.
Customized household firms reach a high market peak. But, with increased demand and supply, the customized household industry will gradually move towards the demand end: in the medium and long term, the current short-term rebound in real estate does not change the long-term downward trend in real estate. On the other hand, the penetration rate of custom cabinets and custom closets exceeds 65% and 40%, respectively, and the penetration rate rises.
The demand-side pull effect will gradually diminish. From 2017 to date, the gap between the rate of income growth in the home-based sector and that of the home-based sector has been narrowing. 2) At the supply side: six custom-based enterprises were listed in 2017, with ipo collecting funds mainly for productive capacity and production.
In 2018, construction began on a large-scale project to raise funds for the home sector, bringing the total value of construction work in the eight enterprises listed to $3.82 billion, or about 41% of their fixed assets.
Figure 27: Construction in the customized home sector is relatively high, but for front-line brands, the industry has a large space and opportunities for differentiation are greater than risks. Industry concentration is low due to the length of the custom home service chain and the dispersion of end demand.
The size of the market is about $250 billion. Assuming that the end-up is double, the custom home sector is about 20.4%, and the leading European market is only 9.2%, so on the demand side, in the case of industry growth, the front-line brand can still sustain higher growth by raising the city’s share. On the supply side, on the supply side, on the supply side, on the supply side, on the supply side.
The current use of brands is generally high, and rapid growth in engineering will increase the demand for front-line brands. And companies can control the pace of production, depending on the industry’s development, so there is relatively limited pressure to concentrate.
The industry is or is about to move towards a higher concentration point, and the Matthews effect is expected to emerge. By breaking down the revenue drivers of the customized home sector, we believe that the following marginal changes will drive the industry to head-to-head: 1) retail channels: custom home retail service chains are long, so local small and medium brands are at some level.
But there are now more than 7,000 end-to-end shops in Europe, leading the industry, that have been scaled up in terms of end-to-reach rates and service capacity, and that small and medium-sized brand local advantages have been reduced. On the other hand, demand for retail outlets has gradually been squeezed by engineering channels.
2) Marketing/branding: On the one hand, first-line brands have accumulated over many years and brand effects have gradually emerged. On the other hand, the domestic industry has been fragmented as a result of the emergence of new channels, such as electric power suppliers and dress.
On the one hand, one-line brands, using class advantages, can further increase the value of the guest list, including through marketing such as a full-house package, and can also be combined with a product.
Current flow sharing. On the other hand, custom-based firms leading in product-based expansion can take the lead in capturing the dividends of the pipeline, creating a pre-emptive advantage in the development of the pipeline. 4) Productivity: the advantage of first-line brand productivity is first and foremost in the informationization of production. Now, first-line branding is already in place.
In addition, European and Sofia brands have initially completed the national distribution of chemical capabilities, further expanding their advantages in terms of transport costs and delivery capacity. 5) Engineering channels: the main competitive advantages of engineering channels are delivery capacity, cost control capacity and cash transfer.
In terms of delivery, the productivity advantages of front brands will be more pronounced than at retail end. Cost controls can be seen in two ways: on the one hand, engineering orders are more standardized than retail ones, on the other hand, one-line brands can create productivity advantages through information-based construction and process research and development, and on the other hand, one-line brand has a certain amount of product in the sale of consummated houses.
For cash flow, the return period for engineering operations is longer and for cash flow weeks, figure 30: Custom home sector is expected to concentrate on the head 2.3. Long term: stock demand increases and post-real estate cycle properties are weakened
From a long-term perspective, the demand for the renovation of our housing stock will continue to rise. According to the Economic Reference Paper, in December 2018, the per capita housing space in China amounted to 40.8 square metres, up to a high of 1.13 square metres. The level of the flat ratio is close to Japan-US, higher than that of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Previously, second-hand house deals dominated in first-line cities and some second- or third-line cities. In 2018, 18 cities had more than half of the country ' s second-hand house sales, and Beijing had 77 per cent of second-hand house sales throughout the year.
In the 1970-80’s, the US experienced the peak of new housing sales. After that, the increase in new housing sales in the United States declined, with second-hand house transactions rising.
Second-hand house sales in the United States were as high as 82% in 2016. The smoother demand for renovations resulting from second-hand house transactions slipped the impact of the increased volatility of new housing on the post-natal cycle industries such as furniture, household equipment, etc. In 1992, to date, the rate of growth in new housing in the United States has fluctuated significantly, while the rate of consumption of furniture and household equipment has remained stable at around 5%.
Only during the financial crisis in 2008, there was marked volatility.3 Core advantages: successful channels, based products, productive aids 3.1. Channels: scaled distribution, post-construction strength
3.1.1 Distribution channels: prominent in size, top management, strong European distribution channels, and strong industrial adjustment periods. Distribution channels are Europe’s core distribution channels. Corporate sales channels generated $7,424 million in revenue in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 12.9% over the previous quarter of 2014-2018
In comparison with the sector, Europe’s share of revenues is clear. At the rate of increase, the growth rate of the sector’s distribution channels was around 15% in 2018, but within the industry was marked in the first three quarters of 2019.
Figure 35: The European distribution channels are more dominant during the period of industrial segmentation. The European distribution outlets have significant advantages, and there is a steady growth in the number of outlets. Customized homes are part of the “product-service” model, with a long chain of end-services.
The end-service efficiency increases the user’s experience and enhances the competitive advantage of the product. As at 20103, the Euros had more than double the size of the store.
The size of the closet door is getting closer to Sofia. The frequency of the bathrooms, the wooden doors, and the Opri shop is still high in the rest of the group. The outfits are already on the ground.
Fig. 39: The fine-tuning management of distributors, which is close to Sofia, is another major advantage of the European distribution channels, mainly in terms of access, evaluation, support and exit:
1) Access: The Europeans examine the new entrants in terms of both hard and soft power. In terms of hard power, companies specify the financial strength of the partners, the number of businesses they open, the size of the businesses they open. In terms of soft power, the Europeans examine the trade experience of the distributors, their career experience, their team status. For both cabinets and closets.
For a core category, the company explicitly requires that the dealer’s level of education be taken into account.2 For an existing competitor, the preference is emphasized. When an existing dealer applies to become a next-level market dealer, the dealer must have been ranked 40% top of all distributors in the same grade in the previous year; and must run two or two.
When distributors from more than one region apply to become other market distributors, the dealer must have been ranked 30 per cent above all distributors at the same level in the previous year.1 The elite in the local building materials-related industry has been ranked first;2 there are good local social relations;3 there is a priority for the local mainstream in the construction materials market;
4. Good personal maintenance and team performance; 5; level of education 2) test: The Europeans start with a 1,000-point test, anchored in a product price settlement factor, and fine-tuned management of distributors. Firms perform in absolute terms on distributors’ business performance, growth in performance, specialized shop space, specialized stores
Different weights are set for design fit-out, sales promotion activity implementation, client legacy incidence, customer satisfaction survey, customer complaints rate, etc. The overall rating of distributors according to the weights mentioned above will be 1000 points, and the final dealer product settlement factor will be combined with a 1,000-point appraisal, matching product achievement rate and target achievement rate
Ratings. Disparities in the settlement factor between rating dealers are evident, and checking dealers can provide a significant incentive. Figure 40: Eurosharers' settlement factor is recognized to be divided into three components, based on performance rankings and management scoresa
Part of the electrical/domestic appliance rate that is not met,b part of the target that is low and floating c 3) supports: the Europeans have a complete theoretical system for the management of distributors, with emphasis on growing together with distributors.
President Yao Liangsong has been creative in proposing the root theory, the 50:50 mechanism, and the 1+10 marketing theory. The root theory and the 50:50 mechanism emphasize sharing of profits between headquarters and distributors. The 1+10 marketing theory has been systematically introduced to help distributors improve their marketing capabilities in 10 areas, including shop layout, renovation displays, etc.
In the middle of the business cycle, management took the initiative to reduce the losses to distributors. In 2018, after the industry, all the extra upswings in the distributor ' s settlement factor were cancelled in June by the Europeans, and the shop was extended for a change and re-upgrading period. In 2019, company management also stressed on several occasions that it would continue to increase its support to distributors.
In the wake of the new crown epidemic in 2020, the Europeans launched the 1 billion subsidy scheme, which supports the series of distributor support policies launched by the Europeans in 2018, and the Europeans launched the 1 billion subsidy scheme after the new crown.
In June 2018, the company held a seminar on strategies for innovation in the European business model, which introduced a series of targeted adjustments to the clothing distribution policy, resulting in a reduction in the number of distributors during the industry adjustment period.
In 2018, the company gave the new distributors an appropriate amount of credit based on the size, financial strength and credibility of the operation. In June 2018, the company cancelled all of the additional increases in the settlement coefficient and extended the week of shop appearances and shop renovations.
In the interim, the unified distribution of the gift package is permanently and completely eliminated, all ordered on a voluntary basis by the distributors, acting as a support role for the headquarters, stimulating subjective motivation of the distributors. The European system for the training of distributors is well established and guides and supports the distributors in the construction and marketing of shops.
In June 2018, the company specified the withdrawal system for distributors. The previous conditions were abolished, and the distributors were included in the evaluation under three conditions of non-compliance with performance appraisals.
The next paragraph is targeted for growth and corrective measures. Dealers voluntarily give up their business rights if they fail to meet their commitments in the next phase. The withdrawal reviews are divided twice a year in January and July.
In response to the issue of withdrawal of distributors, the Europeans have developed a detailed approach to the management of transfers at the Euro-based distributors according to the characteristics of the different product groups. The management approach provides detailed answers to the transfer process, the transfer of the gross price accounting method, the legacy bill, the deposit treatment, etc., while preserving the legitimate rights and interests of the original distributors and minimizing new sales.
By fine management, the Europeans have screened over the years a group of dealers who recognize the corporate culture and are very good at doing business. 1) Dealers recognize the corporate culture and actively participate in the company’s fee-paying training.
In 2018, the European distributor training industry generated about $178 million. Dealers offered to participate in the company’s fee training, reflecting the European distributors’ recognition.
Corporate culture and business philosophy, and a stronger sense of competition.
The stores are in the lead in the industry. Of these, there is a greater number of stores, and there is a second-largest number in the industry. Corporate engineering is advancing steadily, and clients are well-resourced.
The company has established long-term strategic partnerships with a number of companies known as Huanko, Green City, and Heng Da, among others. According to the company’s network of officials, more than 20 companies have entered into strategic cooperation agreements with the Europeans.
In the course of the project, engineering service providers are required to provide for the net receivables that companies have not yet received in the project, in addition to all the costs associated with the design, installation and after-sale services.
The engineering service provider’s operating model eases the liquidity pressure at the European headquarters, and the firm’s collection rate is at the forefront of the industry. Europe’s high-quality engineering service providers and the National Chemical Energy Distribution Agency also guarantee excellent delivery capacity at the European engineering level.
Figure 49: Europa engineering operations are mainly based on the engineering service provider model Figure 50: Europa accounts receivable and notes receivable turnover are at the forefront of the industry.
The Europeans, by virtue of their brand power, are now able to choose relatively high-quality realtors to work together to reduce the risks to the operation of the engineering business, and have a high Maori rate. In the future, the European branding advantage will also provide more room for competition, after the pace of market growth slows down.
In addition, companies are still based on retail channels, which are relatively low. The growth of company engineering operations will continue to be more resilient in the future, thanks to nationalization and large-capacity productivity advantages, with the transferable fund-raising projects and the full production of the country’s four major production bases.
Figure 51: Intra-European Mäori Business Ratio (Mäori) is a leader, Figure 52: The Euro Business Ratio is still relatively low 3.2. Product: Multi-Purpose Integration provides the basis for everyone ' s development
Europa's lines cover core household goods such as closets, multi-species deep-seated combinations. Europa started its business in cabinets and worked for more than 20 years in custom homes. On the basis of brands and channels accumulated in cabinets, the company has also developed its guard baths, closets, wooden doors. In 2019, the company basically formed two-wheel-drive closets, wooden doors, wooden doors.
The core advantages of the multi-producer development of Europa are early starting, strong channels, and less difficult to expand outside cabinets.
1) Early start: In single-species start-ups, the Europeans have done an early multi-species expansion. In 2010, the Europeans completed a multi-species layout of garments and carnivals, introduced a custom-made home for young consumers in 2017, and further consolidated products such as packages, staples, etc. in 2018.
The rest of the brands began to move from monolithic to multi-producer in 2014, outside the home-based custom-made home. The Euros are also relatively good in terms of the quality of multi-producer expansion. In 2018, the share of Europa kitchen camps dropped from 74% in 2011 to 50%, and the share of closet camps rose from 20% to 36%.
The main focus is still on the core monolithic category, where the share of single items is almost 80%. 2) The channels are strong: European marketing channels accumulated over the years can play a “collateral” role in the expansion of new products. In the case of closet operations, the early development of the European closet is largely driven by cabinet operations, and companies actively encourage the cabinets.
After 2016, there was an initial build-up in the closet business, with the European Union increasing the number of vendors in the closet, and an increase in the number of independent distributors in the closets.
3) The outer extension of the closet is less difficult: first, it can be a better channel than the closet, which is located at the front end of the renovation process. Second, the market is competitive, the competition is relatively solid, and the newcomers are more competitive. And the competition pattern for other goods, such as the closet, is relatively good. Moreover, the development and production of the closet is more difficult than the closet.
Even higher, there is a need for some breakthroughs at the technical end of the closet. A lateral comparison between industry and industry also shows that there is a larger and faster extension to the second class from Sofia, from the closet, and from Europa and Shiban.
Figure 56: Higher share of the second class of Euros and Chi Pongs at the beginning of the cabinet: faster growth of the second class of Euros and Psi Pongs, relying on multi-grade advantages, early introduction by the Euros of strategy and package marketing to transform multi-species advantages
In 2014, the company published a strategy to “house for all” . In 2015, the Europa closet, based on Internet-based marketing thinking, pioneered the introduction of the “19,800” full-house package. The whole-house formula, while continuing to be customized, added the advantages of price transparency, easy consumption, and one-stop service.
The main advantage of Europe’s development and expansion of the entire family package is that: 1) it is a very small number of custom-based home-based firms with their own full-product line in the closet, and it also works together strategically to expand the product matrix. 2) Development coordination. The Europeans are currently in the forefront of the industry, and the size of their kitchens and closets competes.
In addition to traditional products, the Europeans are active in developing new products, such as smart households, to further expand the advantages of the goods.
In August 2019, in a strategic contract between the Europeans and the Chinese, the Europeans entered into a full-scale interface with the Hilink platform, pushing it into an intellectual process in the domestic field. Under the online channel, the Europeans pushed the main capital to the helink eco-products and home-wide smart house programme, and jointly explored ways to market the whole house smart package.
Broadly speaking, China and the Europeans will jointly plan marketing events, large exhibitions, etc., to raise both sides’ brand names, reputations, and reputations in their respective fields. The Europeans will also gain traffic access to more than 30 million registered users of the helink.
Fig. 59: Euro-intellectual disinfector cabinets are functionally abundant 3.3. Production: Productive and informative dividends are expected to be released centrally.
The advantages of scale can be effective in reducing transport costs and improving product delivery. Future investment in productive capacity, and improved country-wide chemical power distribution, will further expand the company’s productive advantage.
The company now has four major production bases, namely, Clearness, Tianjin, Tinless and Chengdu, with a total area of about 2.35 million m2, which is included in the construction process, and has evolved into a national production capacity for radioactivity in South China, North China, East China, and West China.
The development and upgrading of flexible processing processes for home-wide custom-made furniture products, supported by automated processing techniques, and current intergenerational and information-based adaptations, now have large-scale undescripted customization capabilities.
At the end of 2018, the company used more than 90% of the capacity of each product group. In 2019, the company raised 1,495 million yuan in debt-transferable funds for the expansion of the capacity. The full release of the project capacity is expected to increase the capacity of the kitchens/cloths/wood doors by 258,000 units/19.8 million units per year.
In 2018, the company stepped up its investment in research and development and built a dynamic information system. In 2018, the company speeded up the information flow.
Building, working with axa and three-dimensional families, to create a race to achieve two connections: one with design, drawings, quotations, next orders, production, logistics, and one with the whole category of garments. From R & D investment, most custom-based firms chose to contract or maintain their originals at a slower pace in the industry in 2018.
R & D investment. In 2018, European R & D investment amounted to 632 million yuan, an increase of 131 per cent over the previous year, and in the first half of 2019 it continued up to 266 million yuan, reflecting the company’s gradual advantage in the size of the cost input. Figure 62: Euros increased R & D investment in 2018 (in billions)
The company's caxa system came on line in July 2019. At present, 98% of all Europeans have installed caxa orders, covering all Europeans.
Caxa can achieve a single integration of the design, improve process efficiency, and save five hours of process time each (for example, three-room two-room design). The company will either reach the peak of the information upgrade, and the information dividend is expected to be released centrally.
Business owners of the design production integration platform mom, which essentially completed the custom-made European home based on six core modules, have also been improving the functionality of the Mtds terminal design marketing services management system.
Four. Future outlook: Euphoria, Euphoria, Euphoria, Euphoria, Euphoria is the central point of the future development of Euphoria. After several years of exploration and adaptation, Euphoria has been working with leading companies all over the country.
Business strategies have been overhauled. After the development strategy and business model have been smooth, we see that Euphoria and Euphoria are the central drivers of our future development.
The Europeans have taken the lead in changing channels within the industry, and in 2018 they piloted the build-up of people in their own businesses. The Europeans have been active in developing channels to deal with changing trends in their industries. The Europeans are divided into three main types: 1) headquarters, in cooperation with the local Top3s, have developed the build-up of people in their own homes; 2) companies.
Strategic collaboration with national or regional dressing companies, such as homeowners, nice homes, and 3) packaging operations by distributors in the form of starling/minor housing. The company took the lead in 2018 in piloting a home-to-house model, which is more than expected and is expected to become the core model of the company’s future packaging.
At the heart of the whole business is strong alliances, flow sharing, and complementary capabilities. 1) Strong alliances: European integration refers to the direct choice of companies and the collaboration of larger, better-known home-to-house companies.
2) Flow-sharing: The Europeans can take advantage of the high-quality local domestic product stream, as a result of which the Europeans can take advantage. The European branding effect can also be a brand endorsement for branding companies, mentioning 3) complementary capabilities: the Europeans make full use of corporate branding, product variety, product mixing processes.
The advantages of building blocks, such as integration, are the provision of production manufacturing and marketing support to domestic companies throughout the customer service chain, and the provision of customized home design and installation services and home design site construction by domestic companies. Four principles have been identified within the company, resolving the conflict between the fit-out and traditional dealers.
The conflict of interest between home and retail distributors removes barriers to home-based solutions, and European innovation sets out four principles: “diverse products, different channels, compensation for benefits, and sharing of performance.” In addition to the current European fashion model, there is currently a built-up cloud-enabling platform in the market.
The packaging cloud-enabling platform reduces the procurement costs of the loading company through scalding procurement, and provides the refurbishing company with a multi-pronged system of design, material selection, logistics, distribution, construction, etc., and improves the efficiency of the loading company’s operations. The enabling platform also differs according to the focus of the operator, such as the advantages of the stocking.
The advantages in terms of products, design, accumulation, etc. are storage logistics, and the advantages in terms of deliverability, and the advantages in terms of intellectuals, et cetera. Figure 69: The enabling model of the assembly platform varies according to the operator. Figure 70: the homkoo platform is based on the s2b2c business model.
Homkoo Modified Clouds Platform
UFO 5.saasization tool based on s2b2c business model
In contrast to the platform ' s enabling mode, it is less difficult for the Europeans to shape the vertical model of a built-up home. Compared to the European model, the built-up platform 's enabling model focuses mainly on the complementarity of capabilities, more on the platform ' s enabling small scale, making money for the platform ' s services. Platform-based services need to be directed to small and medium-sized players, and as a member of the General Assembly.
The model produces a scale effect, which is relatively difficult to shape. The model of European integration has become more vertical, working with front-loading companies to create a confluence effect of 1+1 > 2. The flow of front-loading firms has been more stable, more capable, and more easily runable. The number of European-branching stores has grown from 21 in 2018h1.
A rapid increase to 251 out of 2019q3. Figure 71: Rearing everyone's shop is growing rapidly, resources for high-quality garments are scarce, and the European model of decorating everyone is a wide-ranging moat.
Based on data on the number of installations, and based on the area completed in the year in question, it is estimated that the average national fit-out requirement in 2018 was approximately 68 units, which is far below the standard for recruiting to the lowest market (120 households/year). As a result of the decline in demand in the industry, small and medium-sized garment companies are being phased out.
The Europeans take the lead in integrating high-quality assembly resources, creating pre-emptive barriers. Moreover, the fashion model requires a stronger brand as endorsement than the retail model. The Europeans, as leading firms in custom-based households, have a stronger willingness to work with them.
Figure 72: The average national fit-out requirements are much lower than the European standard of recruiting, and the abundance of the product matrix offers the advantage of the whole product. The Europeans, based on their own industry’s leading multi-species layout, have further launched the “name plan” to make a larger product matrix.
It has been piloted in 14 cities across the country, covering Europolitik, Eurostars, closets, stand-alone closets. At present, the Europolitik “name card” has consolidated dozens of names such as Siemens, Matsumoto, Philips, lg, 3m, Muth, left and right, and Twins, and has selected more than 3,000 names.
It's a fine product that covers the whole chain of home-grown products. 4.2, Auré: Aiming at the young market, it is hoped that the sub-brand O'Pheri will be able to develop a turning point, responding to changing demand and targeting the new generation of white collars.
In 2018, after 80 and 90 years, the country's main household consumption group, and the demand for small-scale household improvements is higher. The company has been able to accurately cover the demand for medium- and young consumption with the help of the company.
In 2018, Europolitik earned $462 million, an increase of 32 per cent over the previous year, and increased corporate development. The strategy for Eurobrand branding is clear and can be summarized as “vertical expansion, horizontal contraction.” In horizontal expansion, the company uses a single Euro brand for all categories except for trademark reasons.
For vertically segmented markets, companies are keen to capture young, middle-end market demand, leading the way to the mid-point Euphoria. In the industry, the rest of the companies’ sub-brands are mostly new brands for horizontally expanded products, and vertically for different consumer groups.
With the restructuring of the business strategy and the optimization of the distribution team, Ophori has successfully passed the strategic adjustment period, which is expected to lead to growth. In 2018, he became an independent career, with a comprehensive business strategy and distribution team.
1) Business strategy adjustment: product positioning, further distinguishing from the Europeans. On the product system, the “19,800” package model is deepened, and the promotion of “package prices and closets” is developed. On the marketing strategy, the creation of a national launch platform and regional localization targeting, dominated by Skycats, are being explored to create a model that is suitable for Europa.
In the end of the third quarter of 2019, the number of O'Placemen shops reached 1010. The market, after the perfect shuffling of cards in the second half of 2018, the O'Pla'a and b distribution teams returned to steady growth.
The market has been gradually stabilized, and the focus of the shop has been gradually tilted towards the market level C. The development of Opri is expected to accelerate as the business strategy is gradually being streamlined, with one- or two-line distribution teams being optimized and three- or four-line cities providing continuous penetration growth.
5. Profit forecasting and investment proposals (1) benefits from the completion of the heating, the re-entry of the retail terminal, the maintenance of a higher rate of growth in the market for precision, the maintenance of a steady growth in the company ' s kitchen/dresser business and the continued rapid development of the wooden door/basket business;
(2) As corporate goods are gradually being expanded, and the scale effect is gradually being demonstrated, the Māori ratio of companies is expected to remain more divisive than the market at the custom-based industry level, but we believe that the industry has some investment opportunities from the top to the bottom in the short term, and that the competitive advantage of leading companies over the years will become apparent.
In the medium term, industry divisions will increase, and enterprises that used to rely on industry dividends and single-channel dividends will be exploited. But for industry leaders, the crowding out effects of industry on SMEs may be more conducive to long-term development.
At the firm level, the Europeans are the leading firms in the current custom-based industry, and the industry’s division period of 2019 shows that the company’s leading edge is becoming clearer. The core competitiveness of the Europeans is found in three main areas:
1) Channels: Through fine management and many years of succession through distribution channels, the company has a team of dealers who recognize corporate culture, competition, and excellence in their operations. By virtue of scale effects and high-quality distribution, the company has a strong distribution channel. The Europeans have a clear advantage in delivery capacity and liquidity, and look forward to a better future.
(ii) Products: Europa cabinets have a strong edge, and the closets have been built up, with wooden doors and baths following them, and the depth of the multi-producer mix provides a solid basis for development: 3) Production: Nationalization, productive layout, construction of cost and delivery advantages. Informational construction is beginning to yield results, and it is hoped that the information dividend will be concentrated.
Verticalization, working with local leaders, creates a polymeric effect of 1+1>2. The pipeline flows are more stable, more capable of operating, and the mode is relatively small and easier to run. The scarce assembly resources and multi-grade excellence construct stronger barriers. 2) O'Shelley: accurate coverage of demand for medium-end, youthful consumption and entry into small and medium-sized brands.
Business strategies are being streamlined, and brands are expected to develop. On the whole, the completion of the warmer and refined market offers short-term dividends, and companies are expected to emerge in the industry’s segmentation period through channels, products, and production advantages, and the build-up of everyone and O’Hara provide the driving force for sustainable development.
As a result of the new crown epidemic, the data on completion and the demand for household consumption are not as much as expected; the build-up of the market is not as popular as it is expected: the increase in industry price wars has led to a decline in corporate profitability.