Food and drink make-up, how do you price it, crazy poo? Since the beginning of the year, the stock price has risen consistently and has become a model for value investment.
How do we look at Mao Dai's company from its basics, and how we define Mao Dai's performance as the myth that has kept Mao Dai alive? It's been almost 16 billion yuan, 25 times more, since he was listed in August 2001. With high income and profit growth, Mao's stock prices have continued to grow.
Monthly deliveries have become a source of price hikes. The New Deal, which began in June of 16 years, has become a total stock/flow (million shares)
The supply is tight, setting fire to the high price. The price of the low price is limited, but the total market value/flow of the low price (million yuan) is the only way to curb the madness of demand. In 2017, the low price was 27,000 tons.
You know, you have to balance the supply with the demand if the terminal market price is stable at around $1,500.
With a certain scarcity of branded consumer goods that are sought by all the payers, only increased supply and withdrawals - high prices - can curb the madness of demand and stabilize market expectations.
How does Fei-lone set the price for Mao-Dai? For mature consumer companies, performance is largely predictable.
The only variable that determines the price of the shares is the market’s pricing of the company, that is, pe. The high growth and price increases expected over the next two years can support the higher valuations.
With a net profit of more than 50%, the Division will have a net profit of more than 78 billion. If we take into account the increase in alcohol series in three years, the income will be more than 10 billion, and even though the net interest rate is far below the flying base, we can still achieve a net profit of about 3 billion.
Do you have any worries? The bubbles of valuations, market style shifts, changes in climates or increases are signs of the end of the white wine and the end of the pagoda, which are still far from being seen, and the key time window of the pagoda is reported in the first quarter of 2018. And it supports performance.
And even if the conglomerates were out of money, it would not be possible to predict the profits and the key assumptions for the future, like the start-up board: we believe that the stock of dealers will remain at a low level in the next two years and that, despite wholesale price control by the manufacturers, the supply and demand situation will continue to be tight.
We maintain the key assumption for the forward period: 18-year universal dollars/units. Considering the myth that the first brand of white wine, limited production capacity and scarcity of performance are the key to balancing demand and supply.
In the process, the company’s market value was unique, from $8.8 billion on the first day of the market to $5.677 billion on May 26, when nothing happened.
In 2011 and 2012, the high-speed growth rate in Maotai rose by 58% and 44%, and the profit rate increased by 72% and 51%. Two consecutive increases in the company ' s prices during this period resulted in a net profit rate of about 20% to about 50%, which led to a jump-off in Kotai ' s profitability.
In 2016, the company generated $36.714 billion, an increase of 16.39%, with a net profit of $18 billion, an increase of 16%; the market sales of a sum of 33.24%, a net profit of 6.5 billion, an increase of 25%, and the advance collection ring continued to grow by 1,447 million, an increase of 8%.
Market shocks have fallen, a large number of small and medium-sized equities have fallen out of the lows since the crash, and the market has been very popular with the white horse heads, led by the kooks, the Griggs, and so on. Monthly deliveries have become the trigger for the low liquor prices.
The new deal, which began in June 16, has become a source of supply tension and a trigger for higher prices. Since the start of the recovery in Maotai in early 2015, the terminal price and the price of a single batch of kyotai have remained relatively stable until June 16, ranging from 850 to 900.
This period has been accompanied by a rapid rise in the prices of Maotai stocks, which has become the focus of society today. Underlying the tension with the consumption, brand concentration, real estate booms, ppp expansions, capital construction, etc.
In anticipation of prices, consumers buy stock earlier, distributors sell more, and so on. To contain the irrational rise in the price of the bottle, the company introduced a “price cap” against dealers who violate the regulations and disrupt prices.
Punishment, or even disqualification, is rare in the development history of Maotai. The imposition of price-fixing orders, which keep a sum of prices and terminal prices in the vicinity of 1300, avoids excessive price increases, creates bubbles, and repeats the 2012 pattern.
The price of the matai has been limited, but the stock price is like a white horse, and any adjustment is an excellent opportunity to buy. Since May, stock prices have risen by 9.3%, and since this year by 35.24%, making them the most prestigious white horse stock.
During the Spring Festival, the demand for Maoutai increased, a batch of prices went up to $1,200, companies continued to pass information about supply constraints around March, 17 years of stock shortages became year-round, and a group of companies that approached the demand for retail prices to no more than 1,300 psychological lines of defence. In recent times, companies increased market controls and increased penalties, while increasing the supply of raw chickens to cope with the rapidity.
Price dynamics rise. We believe that the essence behind this is: capital additions, increased business activity, continued activity in real estate, rapid escalation in consumption costs, and a massive increase in consumer demand for high-quality branded goods, intervention through administrative means will only ease the price increases caused by long-term imbalances in supply and demand.
According to public information, its most recent market response is to increase the amount of market investment in the skyscraper, with channels focused on the over-classing of consumers, the variety of supplies focused on popular products, the increase in the amount of investment by self-employed companies in various provinces, and the price reduction and leverage. But the current price and terminal price differentials are small, and distributors do not have the will to put their products into the market, which leads them to do the right thing.
In the past, both online and off-the-shelf, there has been a breakdown of the market. Despite companies’ repeated claims that no price increases will be made this year, expectations of higher prices next year are strong, and future increases in terminal prices are likely to result in sales by dealers and earlier purchases by consumers, which will further exacerbate the shortage.
But, as a marketed commodity, supply and demand constraints are regulated only by price instruments, anyone’s repression distorts prices and creates deformed markets. The core of alleviating low-end tension remains price increases, with end-price increases automatically adjusting demand.
When the terminal price is around $1,500, the price of the terminal rises from $819 to $999, and the same price is applied to the unplanned and planned flying base.
In 2017, the supply was 27 million tons, and if the end-market price was stable at around $1,500, the supply and demand would be balanced. The product branded with a certain amount of scarcity, which consumers all seek, will contain the madness of demand and stabilize market expectations.
How do you price the poo? The poo stock price is $450,500. Do you have a ceiling on the poo stock price? How do you price the poo in Guizhou? For mature consumer companies, performance is largely predictable, and the only variable that determines the share price is the market for the company.
High-speed growth is bound to be high, and smooth and recessionary are low. With the company’s high growth in that year, the p/e p/e at the bottom of the base began to collapse from 2012 to the bottom in January 2014.
- 2014.01 The value of the company’s share price went down, three of which were affected by industry adjustments and the “triple public consumption” restrictions and anti-corruption, and the market estimates were adjusted downwards accordingly. From late 2013 to early 2014, Maotaip/e was once about nine times lower.
Billions, barely growing, and the increase in valuations contributed almost to the overall increase in stock prices, mainly to the recovery of the industry and the city, which since 2017 has been accompanied by a 22-to-30-fold static and a 27-fold rise in the dynamic valuation from 25-to-date last year, with the high performance of Mao, one of which is performance.
One is the market’s valuation. The performance of the hut is largely measurable, and there is no substantial deviation in real terms, the biggest variable being the pe, the amount of premium that the market is willing to offer to the company, so that the company’s share price depends entirely on how many times the price the market gives to the company. We believe that it is reasonable for the company to maintain about 25% performance growth over the next two years, and 25 times the price that the market gives to the pe.
I think next year's pup should be a period of relatively high weather, a high estimate, and after 2019, in the absence of expectations of higher prices, the puppies will be sustained by structural adjustment and a small margin.
The growth rate must be lower than in 2017 and 201. If this is the case, the market price should be higher in 2018 than in the future.
In 2017, the market was about 27 million tons, with a capacity of 40,000 tons, and a ton of ton of tonics, with a packaged product of about 353 boxes, and 6 bottles per box, at a price of 919 yuan, would have generated 19.5 billion yuan for every 10,000 tons of toasters sold.
After three years, the company’s net profit will be more than 10 billion, even though the net interest rate is much lower than it would have been on the fly.
If the market still gives a 25-fold pe., then the market is expected to be over $1 trillion, corresponding to the share price: $800: if we believe that the future revenue and profit growth of Mao is certain, but whether the market value will break by $1 trillion and the share price will grow forever, not depending on income and profits, depending entirely on how much pe the market gave her, and behind it is the style of the market and the investor's.
In the last 10 years, the price of the stock price in Guozhou has been in crisis twice, and now it seems to be a rare opportunity to copy the bottom twice. One in 2008 was a systemic risk from the economic crisis, with the stock price falling to more than 80.
The industry crisis caused by the "fees" restrictions, which led to the lowest decline in market prices in Guizhou to $118. The crisis comparison pattern in 2013 led to the market’s extremely pessimistic expectation of the white wine industry, which was the lowest share price when the market was extremely pessimistic.
Signals of beams are still far from being seen. But Mao's key time window, which was reported in the quarter of 2018, has a few main signals: 1 after the stock price at the beginning of next year had risen to 25 times that year, Mao's prices were raised and expected to materialize; 2 - Market performance expectations for 2019, if significantly lower than 2018, are unlikely to support higher valuations.
He is no longer a pure high-end liquor company, and as the company focuses on low- and medium-end liquor, sales increase and share increase, the market value premium on the company will fall. 3, qfii's withdrawal, in the low-lying years of 2014-2015, investment machines abroad began to buy into Guizhou, and they are profiting more when they are profitable and because they hold large shares.
Of course, it is not possible for front-loaded consumer-goods companies with performance support to run out of money like the start-up board, and we believe that the stock of dealers will remain at a low level in the next two years.
The stress pattern will continue, and only if it increases will balance supply and demand.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report