Autonomous high-growth, joint ventures performed well - Report of the Review of the Broad Gas Group (601238)
Increase by 4 shares per 10 shares in capital stock to all shareholders; plus dividends of $1 per 10 shares (including taxes) distributed in the medium term, the cash share in 2017 was attributed to the general shares of listed companies in the consolidated statements.
In 2017, against a backdrop of low growth in domestic automobile sales and a high degree of fragmentation, the auto-owned brand continued to grow at a high rate, with a total of 50,86 million auto-brand sales, compared to more than 330,000. In 2018, the proprietorship will be launched with five auto-brands, packages.
The sale of the company ' s own branding target of 700,000 in 2018 is projected to increase as a result of the completion in December 2017 of 150,000 vehicles/annual production capacity at the plant in Hangzhou, including the transfer of ga4, gs4, gs5, gm6, gs4ev.
The combined competitiveness of joint ventures is strong and the volume of sales is growing robustly, thanks to the new technology of joint ventures, combined competitiveness, and strong performance of the four largest joint ventures. Of these, 70.5 million have been sold in Hiroshima, which is a year-on-year increase.
10.37 per cent; Volkswagen Toyota sales, 44.24 million vehicles, 4.88 per cent more than the previous year; Volvo Honda and Hiro Honda sales, which grew at roughly the same rate as last year, performed well; Volvo Fiata sales, which increased by 110.04 per cent compared to the previous year, with a negative rate of increase.
In the same year, the four largest joint ventures will launch 12 joint venture products, including Honda Yakota (mixed), Ling Xian and Odyssey, all new songs, rdx, and Cdx.
Type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type of vehicle, type, type of vehicle, type, type, type of vehicle, type, type, type of vehicle, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type.
The market continues to grow robustly, with the strategic layout of cars being quadrupled, with a focus on the new energy project of the Smart Nets network, which is being actively deployed by companies, with a particular focus on smart networks and the development of new energy vehicles.
In 2017, $6.4 billion out of $15 billion was raised in private to invest in new energy and forward-looking technologies, including ge3, gs4hpev, and especially ge3, and sales have increased steadily since they were listed. Meanwhile, the company plans to expand the capacity of 200,000 new energy vehicles, which are expected to be released by the end of 2018.
In 2018, the company will focus on the new energy projects of ISN, including the new IUGA Energy Automotive Park project and the research and development base project of the Institute of Space Research, further enhancing the production power of the new energy core ge3 model, while building two pure electric specials: ao/a, b/c
A platform for the development of new and multi-energy vehicle-type products. A strategy for accelerating the implementation of the Wide-Air Smart Network mobile travel strategy is implemented in collaboration with China, Tetsu, Quest, and others.
Autonomous sales have fallen short of expectations, joint venture sales have fallen short of expectations, and new energy sources from the Smartnet network have not progressed as fast as they can.