Silicon crystals feast, steady distance, the company is the homeline of a single-crystal furnace, the need for large silicon acceleration equipment to upgrade, the company's first largest domestic market, the company's new optical order of over $3.7 billion in 19 years.
The silicon sector competes mainly in size and cost, and requires continuous equipment rotation and new production, with companies’ main clients leading the industry, with a strong degree of certainty about the expansion. And the release of 210 silicons is expected to accelerate the accumulation of silicon industry production.
Market value in circulation (millions): Brings up the need for equipment renewal. The company has a few large-size monocrystal manufacturing capabilities in the industry, and we anticipate that future monocrysotile production can be expected to remain above 200gw, assuming that the larger silicon is the ratio.
Semiconductor equipment multi-product line layout, with a hand order of $470 million and a hand order of $470 million for semiconductor equipment. The company developed a 6-12 inch crystal roller, cutter, double-face grinder while achieving the 8-12 inch semiconductor length of the integrated circuit.
At the same time, in recent years, the company has added new products such as semiconductor silicon polishing fluids, valves, 16-32 inches of silicon monocrystal extension equipment to complete silicon single crystals, slices, polishes, and extensions of four core pieces of equipment.
In the current wave of semiconductor national production, the company is gradually releasing, and the semiconductor layout is getting better.
Clients are active in the area of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon, and corporate semiconductor operations are expected to continue.
Research and development (R & D) investment as a share of business income has remained constant at over 5%. In 2019, R & D investment amounted to $186 million, representing 5.98% of business income.
The epidemic has caused global photovoltaic loads to fall short of expectations, semiconductor downstream demand, and photovoltaic silicon tablets.
1.1 The company is the leader of the domestic crystal growth equipment, and the technology is constantly changing and stable. The company is the leader of the domestic crystal growth equipment, which is accompanied by rapid expansion of the photovoltaic industry. The company’s home municipality is the first with a 90% share of the country’s high-end market, and its customers cover most of the silicon-line producers.
On the basis of data from the Continental Solar Association and the iea, the increase in global light voltage from 6.2gw to 114.9gw in 2008-2019 was accompanied by an annual compound growth rate of 19.87 per cent, accompanied by rapid growth in the operation of crystalline silicon growing equipment in the photovoltaic sector, with a combined growth rate of 26.84 per cent between 2008 and 2019.
Figure 1: Corporate performance is excellent and income growth is high on a continuous basis Figure 3: Crystal silicon growing equipment operations are accompanied by rapid expansion of the photovoltaic industry, technology continues to evolve, and corporate leadership is stable. Corporate investment in continuous R & D is driving technology change, 2019.
A new generation of photovoltaic single-crystal furnaces, compatible with a larger heat field, with a greater input capacity to satisfy the full automatic growth of g12 silicon rods. The equipment has made significant progress in crystal growth costs, productivity improvements, and is now being supplied to the market in bulk. At the same time, companies have upgraded technology in such products as photovolt cutters, single machines, and slicers.
Increased product performance and technological progress will effectively maintain the company as a leader.1.2 As the silicon is becoming larger in size, the demand for equipment upgrades will create a huge market for companies, and since 2009 the volume of single furnaces and heat field sizes of crystal growth equipment has continued to grow, thus increasing monocrystality.
Growing efficiency reduces the cost of silicon silicon. We believe that a sustained reduction in the efficiency is the only way for the photovoltaic industry to move to affordable Internet access. Accordingly, a sustained increase in the efficiency of long crystals is also the way the silicone chain works.
Large-scale silicon is consistent with light-voltage efficiency needs, and it is expected that 210 silicon markets will increase to 30-70% in five years. The time of photovoltaic parity Internet access will soon prompt customers to choose the least costly and most energy-efficient products, and the cost of large-sized silicon monowatts and non-silicon materials will be reduced.
The drop in the number of end-of-end installed components will also reduce the cost of bos, which, according to the technical white paper in the East Sun-littan series, uses 50 pieces of a perc single crystal battery with a large 210-sized silicon silicon, with a capacity of up to 500w, a component of up to 20.8 per cent efficient, a 30 per cent increase in single-line capacity at cost, a 6 per cent decrease in lcoe and a 6 per cent decrease in bos.
The 9.6% lower silicon is the advantage size that the industry can achieve with current silicon technology and purity, and it is expected that the upgrading of silicon line equipment without 210 will generate more than 10 billion market demand. We expect future silicon monocrystal production capacity to stabilize at more than 200gw, assuming that 30-70% of it is 210 large silicon tablets, or 60-140gw.
Assuming that the amount of equipment needed for single gw silicon investment is 150 to 200 million yuan, it is expected to bring about at least 10 to 20 billion dollars in battery plant expansion plans, 210 products on the end of the component, and a strong demand for equipment.
The production date will be mid-May 2020, with follow-up to Myeongsan II and the Golden Hall 30gw plan following the 210 route; Aio released 5gw 's 210 battery production line in January, which is scheduled to reach 45gw by the end of 2022.
As a leader of 210 large silicon films, the Central Ring has announced an investment of 5 billion dollars in the construction of g12perc+ battery lines and stacked tiles to further the process of industrialization of large-scale silicons, with 210 large silicone industry line equipment in demand.
In 2021 and 2022, respectively, Aio planned a total battery production capacity of 32 and 45gw, assuming that the 210 specifications were superior to the company's customer resources and were well placed in hand orders. The company held a 90% share of the country's high-end market, covering the country's first line of silicon manufacturers, including the middle ring, the crystals, the onboarding, and the bailout.
In March 2020, taking into account the winning bid of the second tranche of $1.42 billion in the Middle Ring five, and the fact that no contract has yet been concluded for the purchase and sale of goods, it is expected that companies will be able to identify approximately $4.5 billion in hand orders, of which approximately $4 billion in photovoltaic orders will be sufficient to cover the high growth of companies throughout 2020.
2. When the semiconductor industry is nationalized, the demand for the company ' s multi-products industry is very high, the demand for the semiconductor industry is very large, the national production market is so large, China ' s semiconductor industry is clearly short, and domesticization is expected to accelerate.
According to the Chinese Customs Administration, the semiconductor industry accounted for more than 80% of the aggregates in 2019. The export and import deficit for the circuit industry was $204 billion, a decrease of 10.31%, compared to 10.31%, and is expected to contract further in the future.
There was a boom in the construction of domestic crystal mills, and according to icinsights, there were 112 12-inch crystal mills worldwide by 2018, and five of the nine new 12-inch crystalline production lines expected to be operational by 2019 were from China, with semiconductor investment in the industry expected to result in a significant increase in demand for the industrial chain.
Figure 7: Trends in trade deficits in integrated circuits are expected to improve
Semiconductor manufacturing materials include silicon tablets, electronic gases, photo masks, photo-coated chemicals, polishing materials, and billions of dollars, representing 36.64 per cent of the global semiconductor manufacturing material industry, core materials for semiconductors, and more than 90 per cent of chips need to be made with semiconductor silicon chips.
Since then, it has benefited from rising demand in downstream markets, sustained growth in traditional markets such as computers, telecommunications, industrial electronics, and rapid developments in new applications such as artificial intelligence, automobile electronics, among others, which have led to a growing market for silicon tablets, with a global semiconductor silicon market of $11.15 billion in 2019, exceeding 10 billion.
The pace of growth has continued to rise in recent years, with dramatic developments, with semiconductor silicon silicon sales growing from $500 million to $992 million between 2016 and 2018, with a compound growth rate of up to 40.88 per cent, well above the 25.65 per cent compound growth rate of the global semiconductor silicon market size during the same period.
Figure 10: Global market size breakthroughs by $10 billion, Figure 11: China mainland market size leapfrogging, high concentration of barriers to entry, long-term ownership of markets by overseas producers.
Impacts such as customer certification cycles, high barriers to entry into the semiconductor silicon industry, and global sales revenues from the top ten semiconductor silicon-type products companies from 2016 to 2019 dropped from 91 per cent to 89 per cent. Industry concentration declined, but markets remained largely held by overseas producers.
The share of the commercial silicone industry group (simulating the merger of neo-exultural technology) and the central ring stock market rose from 2.2 per cent to 3.51 per cent, and remained at a low level, with a huge national production replacement space.
2.2 A number of companies in the country have set up semiconductor silicon tablets, which are expected to be worth up to 10 billion yuan per semiconductor, 8 inches to 12 inches of semiconductor silicon, with a continuous rise in the 12 inches of silicon. The semiconductor industry is characterized by technological advances, mainly in the reduction of the process and the rise in the diameter of silicon, which can increase the number of chips on the crystal.
According to Semi, the global market share of 300 mm and a half of silicone in 2000-2018 was 26.14%, with a combined ratio of nearly 90%. The domestic silicone industry is on the verge of investment, with 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicone production planning being announced.
Domestic silicon producers are concentrated on supplying 8 inches of silicon and below, 12 inches of silicon are largely dependent on imports to cover the supply gap of semiconductor silicon crystals, reduce dependence, the country is actively investing in 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon production, and a number of companies are starting large production projects, and according to our incomplete statistics, there are currently 19 published projects in total.
Investment amounts to $141.5 billion, and 12 inches of silicon production capacity is expected to exceed 6.5 million pieces per month around 2023.According to our calculations, it is assumed that the equipment requirements are 30 to 40 million yuan per 10,000 inch of capacity and $1 to 150 million per 10,000 inches of capacity, and that if the planned projects are fully operational, it is expected that they will be available.
Assuming that 50% of the equipment is produced domestically, the demand for the monocrystal will also reach about $10 billion. 2.3 More than a few dots of layout will meet the equipment demand, and the company is expected to reap a significant return.
Four core equipment layouts to meet semiconductor basic material processing needs. The company has developed a series of key equipment in the three main semiconductor material areas of silicon, sapphire, carbonated silicon, and has perfected a system of semiconductor silicon equipment based on single crystal silicon growth, slices, polishing, and extension of four core equipments.
To meet the production and processing needs of semiconductor basic materials, the product now covers several stages of semiconductor silicon production and processing. According to company announcements, the company has successfully developed 12 inches of semiconductor monocrystals, 8 inches of smelting furnaces, and it has undertaken two major national science and technology-related topics, “300 mm of silicon crystal straight-line growth equipment development” and “8 inches”
The company is currently one of only a few domestic manufacturers of 12-inch semiconductor single-conductor furnaces and 8-inch-area furnaces. Figure 15: The company’s products cover several links in the production and processing of semiconductor silicon tablets.
All-automatic semiconductor, single-crystal silicon transistor, full-conductor, single-crystal silicon grinder, semiconductor, single-crystal silicon grinder, full-crylic-crystal cutter, full-crysotile-crylic silicon bar cutter, all-crystal-crypter, all-volotic semiconductor, all-conductor semiconductor, all-conductor, all-conductor semiconductor, all-conductor semiconductor, all-conductor semiconductor, all-conductor semiconductor semiconductor, all-conductor semiconductor semiconductor, all-conductor semiconductor, all-conductor semiconductor, all-conductor, all-conductor, all-composite, with a total investment of $3 billion in the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets, which is expected to be real in October 2017.
Eight inches of silicon are now entering the world's top three and 12 inches of silicon. The semiconductor industry, because of its high skill levels and low tolerance for error, takes longer to test for new entrants, but the first customer can be used quickly and the company has worked with the top customer for years to get deep shares, stick and stick.
Success is expected to help companies enter other firms in the semiconductor sector, with a clear competitive advantage. In October 2018, the Central Division won a bid for a single-crystal equipment order of more than $400 million. By the first quarter of 2020, the company semiconductor had not completed its contract of $470 million, and semiconductor operations had been very effective.
Semiconductor business is expected to recreate a fast-growing photovoltaic business. The company has now made a breakthrough in the semiconductor-class project of silicon silicon, which is now in high demand for equipment in the semiconductor industry, while domestic manufacturing capacity is limited.
The business model of deep collaboration between companies and large clients has also gained a unique advantage in product experimentation and expansion, and companies are expected to benefit significantly from the national production-substitution process of the domestic semiconductor industry.
3.1 On the basis of the two main industries of photovoltaic and semiconductor, sustained R & D investment ensures dominance The company continues to increase R & D investment and technology-driven corporate development. R & D investment amounted to 186 million yuan in 2019, and on 31 December of that year a total of 387 patents were granted to companies and subsidiaries, of which 55 were patents for inventions.
In the company’s photovoltaic business, companies have developed transistors with autonomous intellectual property rights, such as fully automated monocrystals, silicon monocrystal furnaces, and large-scale monocrystals have been developed to meet the needs of the next generation of large silicon tablets for equipment.
Photovoltaic batteries, components-related smartware, become the industry’s leading supplier of smart processing equipment and stacker components for the development and promotion of m12 silicon tablets.In the semiconductor business, based on a breakthrough in the production of the 8-12 inch semiconductor long-crystal furnaces in integrated circuits,
Successfully developed 6-12 inch crystal roller, cutter, double-face grinder, and 6-8 inch fully automated silicon silicon silicon silicon single-crystal extension equipment, which completes the silicon monocrystal crystals, slices, polishes, extended four cores of equipment layout. At the same time, in recent years, the company has added semiconductor polish, valves, magnetic fluid components, 16-32.
New products, such as inches, have created a national lead in the production of semiconductor material-critical processing equipment. Dynamic growth. The equipment has made significant progress in crystal growth costs, capacity upgrading, and has been supplied to the market in bulk.
The company has successfully developed a new generation of slicing machines, which is the first batch application in the country of a specialized gold-slicing device of a large size of g12 with high wire speed, load, and precision cutting capacity to meet the market demand for equipment processing for the new g12 product.
The company has successfully developed a high-efficiency supermixed welding line for g12 batteries, which has technically achieved a double-up in productivity and accuracy, providing customers with a complete new generation of G12 supermix components automation equipment, which will help the company to expand its market layout in the field of supermixed components. The company has successfully developed a 12-inch semiconductor single-crysl furnace, which provides an overall improvement in accuracy and operational accuracy based on superconducting magnetic fields and full-automatic monocrystal control and mechanical matching.
The company has successfully developed an 8-inch silicon extenuating furnace, which can be used to grow an outer layer on silicon tablets, opening up yet another brand new product category in the field of silicon material processing equipment. The setup is compatible with 6- and 8-inch expansive growth and is characterized by the homogeneity of the outer silicon thickness and resistance.
3.2 Profit forecasting and investment advice, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The epidemic has resulted in less than anticipated global photovoltaic loads, lower demand for semiconductors, and less photovoltaic silicon expansion.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.