Nationally produced single-crystal furnaces, which benefit from deep downstream expansion, South-West Securities Research and Development Center * Nationally manufactured silicone device leaders, with a smooth + semiconductor.
Founded in 2006 and listed in 2012, the business deals with photovoltaics, semiconductors, led, sapphire materials, etc. The Department ' s core business, crystalline silicon growing equipment, contributed about 80% of its revenues and profits in 2018. In 2019, the Department achieved revenue of $3.1 billion, an increase of 23%, net profits of $600 million, an increase of 9%, and Māori.
The company covers first-line silicon producers such as China Ring shares, Crystal Energy, Crystal Australia, and Attez. In 2019, the company signed new photovoltaic and semiconductor orders in excess of $3 billion, increasing performance in the future.
The logic of long-term growth in the industry, while affecting short-term sales, remains unchanged. Currently, battery technology accelerates with a single crystal trend, which determines that the value of new production is better than the old production capacity.
The company’s share of the clientele is nearly 90%, and this is a significant benefit to the extended company.
The semiconductor industry is now under oligopoly overseas, with cr5 being over 90%. In the domestic silicon manufacturing industry, the silicon industry group is an industry.
In recent years, a number of large-scale silicon projects have been planned in the country, with a total investment of over $100 billion, and an estimated 60-70% for suppliers. Companies and central circles, semiconductors, etc. are working together, and subsequent incremental orders are available.
By 2019q3, the company had ordered $540 million in hand-held semiconductor equipment. With the continued expansion of the national production of silicon mills, semiconductor equipment is expected to become an important growth in company performance.
1 national silicon-producing equipment leader, photovolt + semiconductor combustible, 1.1 domestic silicon equipment leader, product strong, client excellent Zhejiang Jing Seong Electric Co. Ltd. (hereinafter: Crystal Seng Electric) was established in December 2006 and was established in May 2012
The company is a leading company in a single-crystal growth furnaces, with customers covering such industries as Chinese ring shares, crystal energy, and transistor technology leading silicon producers. The company’s products include, inter alia, fully automated monocrystal growth stoves, multi-crysilica silicon casting furnaces, regional silicone monocrystal furnaces, single-crystal silicon rollers, single-crysilica cutters, fully automated silicone polishers, double-face grinders, etc.
In 2018, 76 per cent of the company ' s revenues and 85 per cent of its profits from crystalline silicon growing equipment were central to the company ' s business. 1.2 Equity is highly concentrated, management has a strong professional background and focuses on research and development.
Shao Jingxin Investment Management Consulting Ltd. is a controlling shareholder in the company, and its chairman, Cao Jianwei, shares more than 50 per cent with his director, Qiu Min, and is the actual controller of the company.
The company, as a technology-based enterprise, has a deep research and development base, with a professional background and relevant research findings from core management in mechanical and electrical control, hydraulic transmission, semiconductor equipment development and development. The company’s technology research and development and management team is strong, skilled workers are highly specialized, experienced in applications, and implementable.
Strong, with deep knowledge of crystallized silicon-growing equipment and crystal-growing techniques. After years of accumulation, the company seized a number of advanced technologies, including superconducting magnetic fields matching with single-crystal furnaces, double-vision calibration, and ccd video, which are internationally advanced, producing equipment, engineering and testing tools to meet mass production requirements.
Over 6 per cent of inputs and about 25 per cent of R & D personnel. 1.3 The rapid expansion of revenues through industrial fluctuations. Corporate operating income increased from $180 million to $3.13 billion in 2009-09, at a compound rate of 33 per cent, with a net return to the mother.
In 2012-2013, corporate performance was constrained by global economic downturns, excess photovoltaic capacity, falling prices, US backlash, and European “anti-dumping” factors. In mid-2014-2018, domestic recovery in the photovoltaic sector was driven by domestic subsidies, expansion of single crystal silicon production and high growth in corporate performance.
Since the second half of the year, the fluorescent industry has been warming, the monocrystal silicon market is better demand, silicon producers are starting to start a new round of expansion, and future performance growth is likely to take place as the company’s orders come down. The company’s core business crystals are more profitable in growing silicon equipment, and in recent years Māori has been affected by the volatility of the landscape in the photovoltaic industry.
In 2015, the company acquired photovoltaics to cut into the field of led smart equipment. In 2017, the company took a lead in the middle of the chain, actively layoutd semiconductor silicon equipment.
Since the second half of 2019, with the winding up of the photovoltaic industry, corporate profitability has stabilized, and with the spread of semiconductor operations, corporate profitability is expected to continue to rise.
2.1 The long-term trend in global photovoltaics has been consistent and rapid. Since 2000, the global solar photovoltaic industry has entered a period of rapid growth, with a rapid annual build-up of installed capacity. In 2011-2012, it was affected by the continuing global economic downturn, the deepening European debt crisis, and trade friction.
The growth rate of additional installed capacity in the world’s light-voltage is clearly slowing, but the overall size continues to rise. After 2013, the capacity of new installed units continued to rise, the global photovoltaic market continued to expand, and the main additional solar demand was concentrated, driven by favourable factors such as the continuing decline in photovoltaic costs, continued policy gains, and the rapid rise of emerging markets.
According to the 2016 report of the International Renewable Energy Agency, the average cost of investment in large-scale global terrestrial photovoltaic projects is US$/W. Decreasing per unit cost of electricity can reduce firms’ dependence on government subsidies, increase economics, and promote faster industries.
In 2018, 59gw installed overseas increased by 25%, accounting for 60% of global photovoltaics, and the importance of overseas markets increased. According to IPV, 120gw installed globally increased by 15% in 2019, with about 90gw installed overseas increasing by 50%.
The domestic photovoltaic industry, although late in its start, benefited from the development of the global photovoltaic industry and from domestic policy support through the initial demonstration phase (pre-2007), the market-building phase, the stabilization of the economy, the steady growth of cumulative loads, and a steady rise in the number of new loads for the third year in a row.
The countries with the largest installed capacity for photovoltaic power generation worldwide. On 31 May 2018, the DRC, the Ministry of Finance, and the Bureau of Energy jointly issued the Circular on Matters Relating to Photovoltaic Power Generation 2018.
On 9 January 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency issued a circular on the active promotion of wind power and unsubsidized and affordable access to the Internet, setting out policy support measures for the promotion of unsubsidized and affordable access to photovoltaic power.
Create a better policy environment for affordable Internet access, accelerate the promotion of photovoltaic Internet access projects, increase the volume of photovoltaics, accelerate cost reductions, and accelerate the process of full-cost Internet access.In 2019, a competitive configuration of projects for which the country needs subsidies was introduced to determine market size, but due to related policies
By the end of 2019, the actual number of competing projects will have reached only the annual bid, the ultra-high pressure project, together with the new bid project and the evaluation project, and the new photovoltaic market in the country will have some impact on short-term sales and long-term interest in industry demand.
Prior to the outbreak, we projected an additional global load of 150gw (+25%) in 2020, of which 40gw (+32%) and 110gw (+22%) are overseas.
In the light of the price parity trend, we believe that the long-term growth logic in the photovoltaic sector has not changed, because of the effects of the epidemic, the fact that some of the projects in the industry have actually been delayed and the coordination of supply chain and logistics links has not yet fully returned to their previous state, but the overall rate of start-up and efficiency of operations has continued to improve, and Governments, both domestic and foreign, are actively promoting a series of measures to try to give more.
On 10 March 2020, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on matters related to wind power and the construction of thug power projects and its related readings, which extended the 2019 guidelines for the management of wind power, photovoltaic-related projects and competition rules, and specified the amount of subsidies for 2020, of which the total amount of photovoltaic subsidies was 1.5 billion yuan, of which the household subsidy was 500 million yuan to supplement the price of the projects.
In view of the impact of the epidemic on the resumption of work throughout the industry, the corresponding subsidy for the time nodes of the fall of the slope was still being studied for the construction of projects that were not completed in 2019.
However, due to the early start of this year’s declaration, the extension is still about half a month earlier than the closing date of 2019. We expect that the advance work on the 2020 photovoltaic bid project will continue smoothly.
The impact of the vagabond industry, which we expect will be delayed until 2021 in order to achieve global loading by 2020, or less than originally expected, and we continue to appreciate the industry’s long-term upward trend. 2.2 A positive downstream expansion, generating 10 billion space for equipment.
In 2018, global photovoltaic silicone production exceeded 160gw, with domestic contributions of about 80 per cent and capacity utilization of about 80 per cent. In 2019, domestic silicon production was about 134.6gw, a 25.7 per cent increase compared to the previous year. By the end of 2019, 9 enterprises producing more than 2gw produced 85.5 per cent of total production, the world ' s top 10 largest.
With the expansion of head businesses, production of silicon tablets is expected to reach 145gw in 2020. Single crystal trends are determined. According to IPV data, single multi-crystal batteries produced on a scale increased by 0.5% per year in 2019, with the transition efficiency of leading firms reaching 22.6% for the household market and India, Brazil, etc.
In terms of price trends, the price of polycrystal silicon silicon tablets has fallen to $0.15 per piece, as market demand has weakened. Market share has risen rapidly, owing to the growing advantage of monocrysil silicon in terms of efficiency and value for money.
According to IPV, in 2019, the single crystal silicon market accounted for about 65 per cent of the total, and with the active layout of the head enterprise against the single silicon, it is expected that in 2022, the single crystal silicon will account for up to 80 per cent of the total.
Silicon film products, which are gradually being introduced into downstream manufacturing. In 2019, the market size of the silicon in 156.8 mm was 61%, and the larger size of the silicon in the future will gradually dominate the market, with 158.8 mm being the most easily upgraded option for existing battery and assembly production lines, with the city expected to be more than 40% in 2020.
161.7 mm sizes are mainly exported to Korea and 160-166 mm sizes have been modified through new production or existing battery, assembly production techniques, with a growing market share over the next two years. 210 mm sizes require input into new battery, assembly production lines, which are mainly based on compatible production lines such as 210 mm and 166 mm.
The current industry-chain silicons, batteries, components, equipments are active in 210 layouts. In particular, the central ring shares and the Tonway shares, according to the company's bulletins, combine the two companies' layouts with close to 50gw-related capacity.
Downstream expansion is positive. There is a long-term demand for mitigation efficiency in the photovoltaic industry, and there is a clear trend towards rapid and efficient battery chain technology, with new production rates now better than old ones. Lungi and the Central Ring are oligopolies in single-crysilica chains, with more than 70% capacity.
In 2020 and 2021, according to the expansion plan, only major enterprises in the industry are expected to be considered, with a total of 86.5gw additional capacity. Investment in single-crystals is estimated to be about 200 million/gw. Investments in single-crystals are high, with large market space. According to Lungi shares in 2017.
According to data from the debt-cancellable instructions, the Silicon-related equipment is about 200 million/gw. The single-crystal market space is about $20 billion. It is only possible to consider the expansion of the single-crystal plant, which is only one and the major customers downstream for the next two years.
Some $20 billion in equipment procurement needs. If the market demand for the next 210 is better and penetration is faster, there will be more demand for upgrading old production capacity that is not compatible with 210 silicon tablets, and the need for equipment procurement will increase further. 2.3 Companies have a strong product and a high market share.
Crystal growth equipment is the company’s acetylene business, and the main product single-crystal furnaces are strong. In the field of photovoltaic equipment, the company has now deployed products such as a fully automated single-crystal silicon straight-draw furnace, a regional melting silicon single-crystal furnace, a multi-crystal silicon casting furnace, cut-off equipment, open-cut equipment, etc. The equipment is available at the main stages of the process.
The sale of the cut-off single machine is expected to increase the amount of equipment packages available to the company for the single gw production line.
From 2015 to 2018, corporate income from crystalline silicon grew from 400 million yuan to 1.94 billion yuan. In the first half of the year, under the influence of the “531” policy in 2018, the industry was depressed, the growth rate of clients slowed, the income recognition cycle grew, and the company achieved revenue from crystalline silicon grew from 750 million, a 28 per cent decrease in the same year.
On the single-crystal chain, in recent years, domestic manufacturers have been able to solve critical technical problems in single-crystal growth furnaces, and technological advances have been evident, and the cost advantages of domestic production equipment are clear compared to imported equipment, and can be fully met by the benefits of the photovoltaic industry for mitigation.
The country’s main suppliers of monocrystal furnaces are crystals, Tianlong Light, precision technology, Kyoto Express, connectivity, North China. Lungi and Central Ring shares are the absolute home of the silicon chain and the market crystal silicon.
In addition to Lungi’s market demand, crystals power has been working for years, and the product is strong, accounting for 90% of the industry’s main supplier.
In terms of profitability, there are sufficient hand orders and a guaranteed growth in performance. Client payments are generally in the form of “4321” based on firm orders, of which 40 per cent are advanced, 30 per cent are shipped, 20 per cent are collected and 10 per cent are guaranteed.
Large, usually delivered on a monthly basis, after the customer's receipt and inspection of the equipment, the company will recognize the business income from the receipt and inspection of the product for a full cycle of 180-240 days. As at 2019q3, the company had not completed its contracts totalling $2,558 million, of which the semiconductor equipment was not completed together with $540 million, and the company's inventory and receivables were raised to $1.33 billion and $990 million in tandem with the increase in orders.
Throughout 2019, companies signed new photovoltaic orders in excess of $3 billion (up from $2.6 billion in 2018). 209q4 to cooperative mainstream firms, with deep bindings. With stronger product power, companies have accumulated better customer resources, over 500 co-clients, and many leading solar-powered companies, such as China Ring, Crystal Energy, Crystal Australia, etc., have been established.
Based on the plan for the five-phased expansion of the Central Ring, it is assumed that the single gw monocrystal investment is 200 million/gw, and that the entire project is expected to have 5 billion single-crystal procurement needs. According to the orders disclosed in previous years, the central ring shares are the company’s core customers, and the company is the middle.
The only 12-inch single-crystal supplier in the ring has benefited significantly. 3-half-conductor industry warms, silicon expansion increases national production equipment demand 3.1 end-use drivers, and semiconductor industry is expected to warm back.
The semiconductor sector was affected by macroeconomic and end-market applications at the same time. Global semiconductor sales increased from $226.3 billion to $4090 in 2009-2019.
32%. In 2017, with the emergence of end-use applications such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and new energy vehicles, the industry entered an upward cycle. In 2014-2019, the national semiconductor industry expanded rapidly, driven by national industrial policy and downstream end-use market development, and the importance of the domestic market rose gradually, from $91.7 billion to $144.1 billion.
In 2019, under economic influence, consumer electronics, car consumption were weak, the semiconductor industry was less volatile, global sales were $40.9 billion, a 13 per cent decrease in the same year, and domestic sales were $144.1 billion, a 9 per cent decrease in the same year, but performance was better than overall mobile phones, computers, etc. were the largest end-use markets, and industrial electronics and automobiles were important drivers.
Data, in 2018, the global semiconductor sales amounted to $468.8 billion, of which the integrated circuits were $393.3 billion, or 84 per cent, and the expected size of the future market as integrated circuits were widely used in such areas as information, communications, computers, consumer electronics, automobiles, aerospace.
Computer chip sales were $48.7 billion and $28 billion, respectively, with market shares of 36 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively, representing the largest semiconductor terminal application market.
Both the centre and the military out of space are growing at a compound rate of more than 4%. Of this, industrial electronics and automobiles are showing good performance, driven by the development of industrial intelligent manufacturing, 5g, new energy vehicles, etc., and are expected to grow at a rate of more than 10%, which will be the most important driver of growth in the global semiconductor industry.
According to monthly data, from mid-2019, semiconductor sales were gradually improved, the reduction was gradually narrowed, the country benefited from the downstream view from 2019 3.2, and the demand for silicon silicon was the core material manufactured by the semiconductor, following the growth of the downstream industry.
In 2016-2018, the global sales of semiconductor silicon increased from $7.2 billion to $11.38 billion, with a compound acceleration rate, as the semiconductor industry grew.
US$ 2 per cent less than the same year, 11.8 billion inches less than the same year, with a sales unit price of US$ 0.95 per inch. Similarly, Semi predicts that the volume of semiconductor silicon tablets will stabilize in 2020 and will return to growth in 2021 and 2022. It will reach a new high in 2022.
3.3 Silicon production capacity expands, equipment is produced in a large national space, silicon production is competitive and market concentration is high. Semiconductor silicon is a key material for chip manufacture, with high technical difficulties, long R & D cycles, high financial input, long customer certification cycles, high industry entry barriers, and markets are dominated by Japan, Germany, Korea.
In 2016-2018, the market share of the world’s top five semiconductor enterprises increased from 85% to 93%. In 2018, Sino-Viet chemistry, sumco, siltronic, Taiwan’s ring crystal circle, and domestic firms were actively deployed, making a breakthrough.
The technology of enterprises is relatively weak, with a market share of less than 10 per cent, with most of them mainly producing polish tablets up to 200 mm or less. Only a few have the capacity to produce 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets. Before 2017, 300mm semiconductor silicon was worth US$ billion, with annual composite growth of up to 40.9 per cent, well above the annual average composite growth rate of global semiconductor silicon tablets of 25.7 per cent over the same period.
There is still a strong demand for semiconductor silicon in the country as an important end-use market. Moreover, domestic firms are building up their inputs and increasing their technology. Silicon is now one of the largest semiconductor silicon silicon enterprises in mainland China. It is also more competitive in the area of special silicon-based material soi silicon, with a global market share of about 2.2% in 2018, and silicon in 2018.
In addition, the central ring shares have made a bigger layout on the semiconductor silicon, and the newest extension program announced in 2020 also raised $5 billion for the expansion of the capacity of the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon, planning for the overall tin-free project.
Investments amount to $20 billion. 8 inches and 12 inches are the main market, and the domestic economy is dependent on imports. The efficiency and cost of semiconductor production are directly related to silicon sizes. Normally, the larger the size of silicon, the larger the number of chips produced, the greater the number of microchips used to produce semiconductors.
The more productive, the less raw materials are consumed, the more the unit chip costs will fall, as semiconductor production techniques continue to rise in inches, 8 inches and 12 inches. 8 and 12 inches of silicon are now the dominant product of semiconductor silicon, which has occupied half-conductor silicon since 2014.
More than 90% of the market share, domestic firms now have a low supply of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicone, with 12 inches of product almost entirely dependent on imports. From the range of production, 12 inches of silicon are used mainly for integrated circuit chips of less than 90 nm, often in logic.
High-end areas such as chip, storage chip, influenced by technologies such as cloud computing, 5g, big data, are expected to grow rapidly in the future. Eight inches of silicon are usually used for semiconductive institutional processes over 90 nm, in applications such as powerware, mems, fingerprinting, etc., and are driven mainly by downstream car electronics, industrial electronics, etc.
According to icinsigts, the world currently produces about 40 per cent of the production capacity of the 65nm process, with domestic production accounting for nearly 50 per cent, higher than the global level, and downstream enterprises have been actively planning in recent years to expand the production capacity of the higher 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon in order to meet the market demand for high-range silicon tablets in future industries.
From 2016 to 2018, the global crystal round manufacturing market grew from $50 billion to $57.7 billion, with a compound growth rate of 7.5%. According to icinsights, China has benefited from the growth in the number and scale of its design companies (e.g., China's Heath) in recent years, with the expansion of China’s crystal round industrial enterprises.
In 2017, China’s Jingdi Generation Industrial Enterprises achieved revenues of $7.57 billion, an increase of 30 per cent over the same period; in 2018, China’s Jingdi Generation Industrial Enterprises achieved revenues of $10.69 billion, up to 41 per cent, which is eight times the 5 per cent increase in the size of the global Jingdi Industrial Market in 2018.
The size of China ' s crystal circle manufacturing market was $11.36 billion, a 6 per cent increase in the same year; the Americas region was $30.8 billion, a 2 per cent decline in the same year: Europe was $3.6 billion, a 11 per cent decline in the same year; Japan was $3 billion, a 13 per cent decline in the same year, and the Chinese market was the only region to achieve growth.
Domestic firms continue to expand production and build 300 mm chips. In recent years, with the continued expansion of China’s mainland chip manufacturing enterprises, such as China Cube International, Hua Liu Wei Wei, Yangjiang Storage, Hualong, and China’s mainland chip manufacturing capacity has grown faster than global chip production capacity.
As China’s continental chip manufacturing industry continues to grow technologically, it is expected that, by 2020, 300 mm of China’s continental chip manufacturing capacity will exceed 200 mm of chip manufacturing capacity. As chip manufacturing capacity increases, for semiconductors, it is expected that China’s continental chip manufacturing capacity will exceed 200 mm of chip manufacturing capacity.
In 2020, the silicon crystal mill is expected to recover on a seasonal basis. In 2018, the average capacity utilization rate for global crystal mills was 94%, and in 2019, as the price of storage chips fell, a number of storage chip plants suspended production expansion plans and industry average capacity utilization.
The rate has fallen to 86%. According to the report " Global Crystal Production 2020-2024 " , published by icinsights, in 2020, the mills will recover on a seasonal basis, with 10 new 12-inch crystal mills entering production globally, two of which are on mainland China, with an additional capacity of 17.9 million units (converted to 8 inches): in 2021, the additional capacity will reach 20.8 million units (converted to 8 inches), creating it.
From 2005 to 2018, global semiconductor equipment sales rose from $32.9 billion to $64.5 billion, and mainland China from $1.3 billion to $13.1 billion. To 2019q3, half of the world’s half-world.
With $42 billion in corporate equipment sold, and $9.2 billion in mainland China, domestic growth has been faster than the global whole, and the share of continental sales has increased from 4% to 22%, with China’s global market rising significantly. Given the technological difficulties and large investments in semiconductor industries, the global market for semiconductor equipment is now dominated by foreign manufacturers, with a high degree of monopoly in the industry.
According to statistics from the Chinese Association of Electronic Specialized Equipment Industries, the self-sufficiency rate for semiconductor equipment was 13% in 2018, and the domestic market for integrated circuit equipment was only 5% and only 1-2% in the global market. In pre-integrated circuits with the highest technology content, the self-sufficiency rate in the market for semiconductor equipment is lower, and there is much room for future development.
According to our statistics, the main silicon companies in the country have planned a number of large silicon construction projects in recent years, with a total planned investment of more than 100 billion yuan, of which 60-70 per cent will be spent on equipment procurement, with the hope of driving the 57-80 billion dollar supply of silicon equipment, and the new silicon mills are expected to be in high demand from 2019 onwards.
A better supplier of domestic equipment is expected to benefit. The semiconductor silicon contains polished blades, extrapolated silicon tablets, which can be used directly for the production of semiconductor devices, widely used for the storage of chips and power devices, etc., and can also be used as the base material for extra-extended silicon tablets, soi silicon silicon sheets, which can be used at a rate of 70%.
The process of crystallization, roll-rounding, cutting, grinding, etching, polishing, cleaning, etc. is part of the process. The equipment involved in the manufacture of semiconductor silicon is now mostly imported and more dependent on Japanese equipment manufacturers. Domestic firms are actively pursuing it, and in some cases, national production is expected to be replaced.
According to the purchases of 300 mm and 200 mm silicon equipment disclosed in the Silicon Industry invitation book, crystallized equipment accounts for between 20 billion and 20 billion yuan, respectively. In other processes, domestic firms are also introducing products, and as the product matures, there is much room for improvement in the approval of clients and in the domestic production rate of the equipment.
3.4 The company is active semiconductor, which can provide the equipment required for multiple process processes Deep farming for many years, with a small 12-inch semiconductor single-crystal supplier in the country. In 2007, the company successfully developed its first domestic fully automated monocrysilica growth model of tdr80a-zjs, tdr80b-zjs, tdr120a-zjs, tdr100b-zjs, etc.
The stove products, which can be used not only for the preparation of single crystal silicon materials at the solar level, but also to meet the needs of customers in the semiconductor industry in terms of homogeneity and deficiency density, have broken through the domestic high-end crystallized silicon material growth equipment, especially large-sized silicon material, which has been replaced by imports in 2018 by a long-term industrial pattern monopolized by large foreign firms.
At the china exhibition, the company introduced new products such as semiconductor-grade single crystal silicon roller, single crystal silicon cutter, full automatic silicon polisher, double-face grinder, which could complete the external round grinding of semiconductor silicon rods, cutting, silicon polishing and semiconductor single silicone chip, the volume capacity of large silicon monocrystal equipment, as well as the layout of high value-added products such as polishers, grinders, cutters, etc.
The company’s new product, 6-12 inches of crystal rollers, cutters, double-face grinders and 6-8 inches of fully automated silicon polishers, has gradually started bulk sales. As of 2019 q3, the company had 540 million orders for semiconductor equipment.
Figure 61: Automated crystal growth furnaces Figure 64: A fully automated single 8-inch semiconductor silicon silicon polisher Figure 63: A fully automated crystal roller
On October 12, 2017, the company and the People’s Government of Tin-free City and the Tianjin Central Semiconductor Company, Inc. entered into a partnership for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets for the construction of integrated circuits in the city of Yi-Hing, together with investment in the formation of the Central Ring Lead Semiconductor Materials Company Ltd., with a total investment of $5 billion.
In October 2018, the company and the center ring took the lead on semiconductor equipment and made nearly $400 million in orders.
The Central Ring integrated circuits, with a master plan for the production and manufacture of 8 inch silicon tablets, 1.05 million silicon tablets per month, 12.6 million silicons per month, have now completed a test line of 8.3 million silicons per month, 12 inches per silicon inhabitant in Tianjin. The Central Ring is implemented in two phases, with a total of 8 inches of silicon production capacity of 750,000 silicon per month and a 12 inch capacity of 500,000 silicon per month.
Based on the conversion of a single-crystal capacity of 8,000 to 10,000 pieces, the central ring-free tin is expected to generate 125-157 monocrystals, semiconductors, a single-crystal price of about 10 million and a 12-inch product price higher, with companies working with the meso-crystal project, with orders of about $2 billion, and companies cutting off silicon processing equipment and grinders, in addition to single-crystals, are expected to obtain orders for the monocrystals project.
In order to further enhance their competitiveness and to extend the chain of industry, the company is here to increase its dependence on imports of materials, consumables and core zero components associated with semiconductor equipment.
Several businesses have also made positive layouts, with new products such as semiconductor polish, valves, magnetic fluid components, 16-32 centimetres and so forth, breaking the gap in the domestic market, with the expectation of reducing import dependence and upgrading the national production of core parts.
Commercial supply chains. Follow-up can also lead to a certain increase in performance. 4 technology breakthroughs, sapphire material market potential, sapphire-resistant, hard and light-blowing, mainly for special applications like led lighting, smartphones, aviation, etc.
Field. In 2018, the company-controlled company-owned crystal ring electronics successfully produced a 450-kilogram-grade sapphire crystal, which is applied to the 4-inch bar of led and has an effective length of more than 4,000 mm, has achieved a long international lead in ultra-sized sapphire crystals, and is expected to free itself of import dependence.
From 2015 to 2018, the company’s sapphire business revenue increased from $1.892 million to $120 million, nearly sixfold in size. The long-term development of the ed and consumer electronics downstream benefited from the high market potential for the use of sapphire materials and the company’s business development prospects.
In 2020-2021, it is expected to benefit from the expansion of photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon production capacity, leading to the deployment of demand for related equipment. By 2020q1, additional orders of $2.85 billion had been announced, companies had sufficient hand orders, taking into account that subsequent semiconductor operations involved semiconductors and photovoltaics, and comparable companies had selected the current a-market photovoltaic equipment and semiconductors.
As of 1 April 2020, the proportion of light-voltage-related companies is 23 times higher than that of 2020 and the proportion of semiconductor-related companies 85 times higher than that of 2020. The company focuses on crystalline silicon production equipment, the product power industry leads, downstream applications are gradually extended from photovoltaic to semiconductor areas, and companies are deeply bound to medium ring shares, fully benefiting from photovoltaic and half.
The large-scale expansion of the caricature silicon is expected to bring more performance to the company from 2020, with less than expected growth in light voltage capacity, less than expected silicon expansion, and increased risks from competition in the industry. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.