Starwoo shares (601799): Recovering high growth in three quarters and showing growth in nature 29 October 2019.
Billion dollars, or 10.22 per cent more than the same year; operating profits of 616 million yuan, or the same year-on-year growth of Q3 net profit recovery. Companies achieved revenues of $398 million in the third quarter, an increase of 8.96 per cent compared to the second quarter ring, a rise in the same year.
In terms of net profits, the company achieved a net return of $192 million in three quarters, an increase of 37.92 per cent in the same year, and the profit level recovered from a fall in the same quarter.
The volume fell by 13.1% and 11.7%, respectively, despite the high net profit growth achieved by the company in the third quarter, particularly valuable in the context of the same decline in the third quarter. We believe that high-quality customer structures and high-value products such as led lamps account for the company’s share.
Quality of operations and Māori rate have been enhanced in weak cities. The company’s cost increased by 0.4 percentage points in the first three quarters of the year by 8.9 per cent, with sales costs rising by 0.3 percentage points in the same period, but management costs in the third quarter were higher than in the second quarter.
Cost controls are sound and the quality of business is improving. With regard to the Māori rate, q3 per cent, the Māori rate is increasing, mainly because of the company ' s portfolio of high Māori products and the stock of new technologies.
In the first half of the year, the company took over 34 new projects, manufactured 23 new vehicles, and had a large stock of projects. In addition, the company ' s Fushan Plant Phase II project was completed, and the smart manufacturing industrial park phase will be completed in the third quarter of 2019.
The company will build plants in Serbia, expand its overseas clients, and provide support and support.
• The company will benefit from a long-term trend towards high-quality customer structure and upgrading of the lights. The Department’s clients cover major car-to-car manufacturing enterprises, both in the country and abroad, including a big crowd, a large crowd, a large crowd, a Toyota, a Chiré, a sedan, and a high-to-air car.
Toyota, Toyota, Cars, East Wind, BMW, etc., one of the top two clients of the company, one of the general public and one of the Toyota, with a ratio of about 40% and 15%, respectively, for 18 years, benefited from the intensive deployment of two new types of cars.
And the impact of Led lights on the roll-out period continues to grow at a high rate. We believe that, against the backdrop of the global slowdown in automobile sales, the rising pressure on car prices and the accelerating trend towards upgrading the lights, the company is expected to rely on high quality.
The client structure and rapid service response are further expanding the new client base, which is more than expected, and we maintain a profit forecast for the company, which is expected to double. Given the quality of the company’s customer structure, the lights industry has moved into the led and intelligence industry.
At the same time, the downstream customers of the company are in a full new product week, with a high level of certainty. We maintain the company's “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating. We're weak, and the volume of car sales has declined significantly: (2) Central American trade frictions have not continued.
The company will not be treated as a customer for receiving this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
It shall be independent and shall consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.