Benefiting from the product upgrade q3 over-expected performance - the three-quarterly performance evaluation of the Starwoo stock (601799.sh) company published the three-quarterly report of 2019, which generated $4.105 billion in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 10.2 per cent.
28 October 2019 Net profit on maternity was 530 million yuan, an increase of 20.96 per cent in the same year and net profit on non-repatriation was 496 million yuan, an increase of 27.1 per cent in the same year, of which 1,398 million were recovered in the first quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 9.7 per cent in the same year: the return on maternity.
Cao Xuant's net profit was $192 million, an increase of 37.9 per cent in the same year; the net profit from deduction of non-repatriation was $182 million, an increase of 37.9 per cent in the same year; the net profit from repatriation was higher than expected in the third quarter.
The net return to the mother is $4,105 million and $530 million, respectively, at 10.2 per cent and 20.96 per cent, respectively, and is effective against the down-cycle. On a quarterly basis, the q3 quarter returns and net profit increases are 9.7 per cent and 37.9 per cent, respectively.
Expected. We believe that the significant improvement in q3 over q2 is mainly due to higher output from downstream clients and an increase in the number of product packages with higher corporate prices. q3 Māori rate increased by 3.4 percentage points in the first quarter and cost rate improved in the first three quarters.
23.7%, an increase of 2.36 percentage points over the same period last year. We believe that the increase in the company ' s Māori rate has largely benefited from improvements in the product structure, an increase in the proportion of led products with a high Māori ratio, and a gradual replacement of the low Māori halogen lamp. q3 quarter Māori rate of 24.25%, an increase of 3.4 percentage points, ring.
The increase in the Māori rate has led to higher profitability, with net interest rates of q3 coming into production in the second half of the year for several important projects, with a more definite increase in performance. With the spread of led lights to lower-middle-end vehicles, the company ' s portfolio of led projects has grown, with t-roc, t-steams, searchers, etc.
When the projects climb up, the company’s major projects in the second half of this year, which are dominated by flashlights, flashlights, Maitenled lights, and taillights, have kept the company’s performance high for q4 and next year. The product upgrading trend will continue, and the client outreach will continue.
In the future, the light will report its performance to the laser lamp, adb " Starbucks " (601799.sh).
When smart car lights develop, the value of a bicycle package will double again. The company’s long-term growth logic: q2 performance is lower than yield in the long term has been tested and maintains a high level of profitability. At the same time, the company’s client outreach is progressing well.
2019-08-28 has entered into the Japanese customer supply system of Hiroshima, Toyota, Toyota, Dong Feng Honda and Niang, and collaborates with luxury brands such as Audi and BMW.
Investment Recommendations: A company is a leading domestic self-owned car-lighting company that benefits from product upgrading trends, captures and net profits, maintains high growth and effectively counters industrial cycle fluctuations.
Wang Ying, a Master's degree from Northwestern Industrial University, was appointed to a popular post in East Hing, and the future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinions in this report do not constitute the purchase of the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.