q3 performance has improved significantly, and q3 has re-emerged. q3 has generated 1.4 billion yuan.
The net interest rate was 13.7%, an increase of 3.4 and 2.8 percentage points, respectively, over the same period; the accumulated volume of downstream customers recovered steadily in the last three quarters, and the number of supporting models increased, restoring the two-digit increase in q3 income. At the same time, lower costs and changes in product structure led to a further increase in the Māori rate, with three costs.
The company is the country’s first-tier third-party car-light supplier, with a crowd full of gas, a toyota, a BMW and an oscillation.
A high-quality whole-car company like D. q3 had a steady recovery in mass sales of 550,000, 26% ring growth, 3% growth, and a solid basis for improved performance. On the other hand, the company’s new accompaniment model, such as popular speed, Toyota Carola, and so on.
The company plans to invest in Serbia.
The company now has a public, BMW, Audi: the performance rate has slowed slightly, and the Māori rate has slowed.
For customers, stable product quality and high-quality cost controls help to increase the company’s global share of existing households. The Serbian investment is expected to increase the capacity of 5.7 million carlights, with the share of Starwoo (601799) in three seasons.
With annual profits of about €15 million, the overseas layout is expected to open up long-term growth space for the company. Reporting point: Performance trajectories, over-expected arrival – 980 million – with a corresponding valuation of 28 and 22 times, respectively, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Starwoo Decade: The Wind, the Way Forward -- 2018/09/06 Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.