uc terminals up the stairs, video communications are emerging, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center is number one; the company vcs video business is growing rapidly, becoming the company's new spot and potential.
Positioning markets, building core competitiveness with high value for money, and increasing profitability through scale+channels. Taken together, the public division is a rare low-value high-growth indicator in the communications section.
Frost&sullivan data, 2017, the global market’s billion-associated sip desktops reached more than 2.9 million totals, surpassing the pre-existing United States-renowned communications company’s most well-known communications provider, and leaping to the top of the global market’s sip phone provider.
The shift is a necessary trend towards unified communications development. The company was keen to capture market dynamics, launching the vcs videoconferencing system in 2015, with sales revenue rising from year to year, 73% of Vcs products in the first half of 2018, precision positioning of the foreign smb market, and foreign association processing and distribution of channels increasing profitability.
Corporate performance is growing rapidly because of the steady rigidity of firms in overseas markets and their high level of customer recognition; the growing number of SMEs in client types and the need to upgrade business communications. Companies build core competitions based on clear value for money advantages.
In 2017, the same harvest grew by 50.23%. Companies focused on technology R&D, product sales, and customer services, with the aim of creating a “light asset” model, “foreign association processing plus centralized purchasing plus marketing” through the creation of global channels.
Marketing network, precision cost control to achieve both Māori rates and net interest rates, with company Māori rates and net interest rates of 62.08 per cent and 42.59 per cent, respectively, in 2017.
Long, vcs new stock to be released (2017-08-29) 1 global leading corporate HACT provider Billion Network is the leading global provider of Internet-based HACT solutions, gathering R & D, sales
The number of end-product sales and sales revenues produced by companies are among the highest in the industry and are growing rapidly. The billion-dollar alliance, which was created in November 2001 and changed from corporate as a whole to the billion-dollar network unit in May 2012, is limited.
The company focuses on the autonomous development and application of unified communication technologies, adhering to the principle of high value for money, and constantly exploring development paths. After years of development, it has built 350 research and development teams with strong research and development capabilities and many national and international awards.
China has established good partnerships with internationally recognized providers of communication systems, serving such world-renowned customers as Hong Kong Telecom, British Telecom, and Spanish Telecom. The company’s “yealink” brand has developed into a well-known brand in the area of international unified communications, with corporate products spread across global markets such as Europe, North America, Asia, South America, Africa, Oceania, etc.
1.1 Focusing on the terminal market, the integrated communications end-of-life chain. Corporate is a provider of end-of-pipe solutions focused on the unified communications market and committed to providing SMEs with products and services. By increasing R & D spending, widening product lines, increasing the company’s user experience, business profitability and channel prices
Four series, such as the frequency meeting system and other accessories, of which the Sip end product accounts for 80% of the main business income. According to the total volume of more than a million deliveries in the United States, it has surpassed the pre-existing market-owned American communications vendor, Paulton, by leaping to the top of the global market.
Figure 1: Corporations are positioned in the telecommunications market, and there is a multi-share structure and no single-owned shareholder in the BGW. The BGW was established in November 2001 with a registered capital of $1.8 million, co-financed by Wu Dong-yi, Chen Ji-song, Lu Yong-fu, and Zhou Ji-wei. In May 2012, the BGW was established.
The total stock of the company is 299 million shares, and the four persons who actually control it are Wu Xing Yi, Chen Ji-song, Lu Yong-fu and Zhou Ji-hyeong, holding 21.43%, 17.41%, 10.71% and 8.04% of the company ' s shares, respectively, do not constitute independent control. The four individuals signed the Concerted Act in July 2015 to provide effective control over the company.
1.2 Main business is growing steadily, vcs is emerging, and the main business is growing steadily, with revenue and net profits growing steadily. Corporate owners are fighting the market for SMEs abroad, and business growth is fast: net profit returns are growing by 54.4%, and there is a rapid rise in corporate ownership in 2017.
Business continued to grow, generating business income of 1,388 million yuan, a 50.2 per cent increase in the same year, and net profit return of 591 million yuan, a 36.7 per cent increase in the same year, a robust high rate of growth. In the first half of 2018, companies achieved operating income of 840 million yuan, a 22.74 per cent increase in the same year, and net profit of 410 million yuan, a 34.43 per cent increase in the same year.
The business continued to maintain its revenue-driven position, with 75 per cent of income in the first half of 2018, 12 per cent of income in the dect, 9 per cent of vcs, and 4 per cent of spare parts and other items. Meanwhile, the business income of the cip, dect, and vcs continued to grow at a faster pace, particularly with the new product vcs high-quality videoconferencing system, with a high rate of revenue growth in the first half of 2018.
128.91%, with great potential for development, sip unified telecommunications desktop terminals and dect unified communications wireless terminal revenues have increased on a year-to-year basis The company's business income has continued to rise mainly as a result of: (1) industry outlook. The global market for sipphone and video communications has continued to grow and corporate products are more competitive.
(2) Sales channels are well established. The company is committed to expanding its distribution channels and strengthening its cooperation with well-known international operators. (3) New products are introduced in close proximity to market demand.
Cost controls have worked well, and the company's Māori ratio has changed less recently. In 2015-2017, the company's combined Māori ratio increased, respectively, with little change in the recent period. Māori growth resulted from the following two factors: (i) the company's branding effect and the upgrading of product technology; and, in competing overseas markets, the “high-priced” comparative advantage has continued to widen, squeezing the counterparty's market share and sales revenue.
Growing: (ii) the dominant business model. The sales end is primarily oriented towards overseas markets, fully benefiting from the cycle of devaluation of the renminbi. The cost end is in the form of domestic “procurement + surrogate labour”.
The share of costs in operating income declined from 20 per cent to 14 per cent in 2017, and rose from 17 per cent in 2017, mainly due to increased financial costs. The share of management costs in the period was the highest, 56 per cent in 2017, owing to higher expenditure on research and development. The share of management and sales costs in operating income was relatively stable and declining.
In the first half of the year, the sales cost rate was 0.13 percentage points lower than in the same year and the company was operating well; the management cost rate was 1.07 percentage points higher than in the same year, mainly due to an increase in research and development inputs for new projects; the financial cost was 160.33 per cent lower than in the same year, drawing on the United States dollar exchange gains
Development and industrialization projects, research and development and cloud computing centre construction projects, and cloud communications platform construction projects. Corporate fund-raising projects contribute to improving the competitiveness of companies in the unified communications industry, optimizing the product structure, aligning the communications industry chain, raising corporate profitability, raising corporate brand visibility and expanding operations.
A communications terminal upgrade and industrialization project, research and development of a high-quality videoconferencing system, industrialization project and research and development and cloud computing
Harmonizing communications with the Internet and communications, and creating comprehensive and efficient business communications. Unified communications means a new mode of communication that integrates Internet technology with traditional communication technologies, i.e. a variety of applications such as the Internet and letters, the core of which is that people can be used at any time, anywhere, through any equipment,
Any network, free means of communication to obtain data, images and voices, thus providing people with freedom and efficiency of choice, 2.1 the unified communications industry is beginning, market development potential is high, corporate demand for uniform communications is increasing in the context of globalization, markets are growing rapidly and space is opening up in the future.
Upgraded technology in the industry led to the upgrading of the uc system, leading to an increase in demand for the uc terminal. According to frost&solivan, the global market size of the uc solution will reach $35.1 billion in 2019, and a combined growth rate of 15.2% in 2015-2019: the market size of the uc solution in China will reach $2.5 billion in 2019 and will resume in 2015-2019.
The combined growth rate is expected to be 20.1%, slightly higher than the global composite growth rate of the uc solution. Domestic growth has benefited from China’s domestic economic development and increased private and public spending on business communications, and China’s market for the uc solution has entered rapid growth. Figure 14: Total sales revenue from the uc solution market in China 2010-2019e
2.2 Benefit from the development of a unified communications market, where demand for the end market increases The development of a unified communications market favours the development of a unified communications end market. The unified communications solution market includes an Internet-based market for uc services and a market for uc end solutions.
All forms of services, such as clouds, hosting and management services, and specialized services including support for applications; uc end-of-end solutions markets include desktop terminals, conference terminals, videoconferencing terminals, and software terminals.
The market size of end-user solutions is expected to reach $10 billion in 2019 and a composite growth rate of 11.8 per cent in 2015-2019. Figure 16: Total sales revenue from China ' s uc end market (US$ billion) 2.3uc end-use solution market patterns are gradually improving and the Asia-Pacific region has great potential for development
Currently, Europe and the United States are leading and leading the unified communications market, with a more advanced economy, market demand, and a slowdown in market growth in the future, but they will continue to account for a higher share of the market. With economic development, Asia-Pacific markets are expected to increase their demand for uniform communications, and their market share is likely to increase.
The communications market has just begun, with sales revenue accounting for about 13 per cent, but revenue growth has been steady. With the growth of Asia-Pacific market economies, particularly emerging markets represented by India, the increase in the number of SMEs is expected to provide a market basis for increasing the distribution channels in Asia-Pacific emerging markets.
2.4 The upgrading of unified communications demand, cloudization, videoization, hosting services as a new point of view The future unified communications market will be affected by cloudization, videoization, hosting, and product and profit points will change to a certain extent, creating new opportunities for companies to develop in the unified communications market.
Cloud modelling: Reducing corporate uniform communication costs and promoting end-market development. Cloud computing offers possibilities for virtualization, automatic load balances, needs-based distribution, and large-capacity unified communication services. Cloud modelling can reduce pre-investment costs, increase expansion, contribute to cost reduction, and is a necessary trend in the communications industry.
As a result, two types of service providers have emerged: one that provides a unified communications service based on cloud ends, one that does not make a terminal and only provides a public network based on cloud mode. The cloud model requires a higher degree of stability, reliability, safety, and ease of maintenance for the end product, so that end intelligence will be a future trend that drives the terminal suppliers to evolve.
The inquiry estimated that global cloud computing market revenues would reach $390 billion by 2020, a 17% annual compound growth rate compared to the $180 billion dollar size in 2015. In response to cloudization, videoization, the network launched a cloud-based “viewing” service based on yms to provide cloud-plus ends.
One-stop videoconferencing solutions that fully cover conference venues such as large, medium, small, medium, and small conference rooms, leadership desktops, mobile offices, and upstream and downstream channels of communication, open videoconferences whenever and wherever they occur, and increase team effectiveness. Cloudvision expands product coverage to meet market downside trends, and is expected to be rolled out by the end of the third quarter, giving further impetus to the business growth of vcs.
Figure 20: U.S. uc market size 2014-2024 (n-premise) and cloud hosting model (usdbillion)
In 2015, US$ 4.6 billion increased to US$ 9.1 billion in 2019, with a composite growth rate of 18.4 per cent.
The development of cloud services has contributed to an increase in videoconferencing technology. The global videoconference market is expected to reach $7.9 billion in 2019 and a combined growth rate of 15.1 per cent in 2015-2019. The globalization of the economy has contributed to a significant increase in China’s need to maintain close ties with the world and has driven demand for videoconferencing. idc predicts China’s demand for videoconferencing.
The market size of videoconferencing will reach $490 million in 2018; frost&sullivan expects an annual compound growth of 18.1 per cent in China in 2015-2019.3 Video communications are actively developed, mainly for voice terminal products
Sip operations became the main driver of corporate performance revenue, accounting for 79 per cent in 2017; Māori rates accounted for approximately 31.9 per cent of the combined growth rate of Sip operations with major international companies in 2012-2017, and companies are continuously improving existing products, enriching product lines, and currently include six series of products, t2, t3, t6, covering the different needs of SMEs and large enterprises, which are expected to be short-lived.
Over the period, it will remain the main driver of income growth, at 70%-80%. The overall Māori ratio of Sip products is almost the same as that of major international companies. The ratio of low Māori products such as t2 has declined since 2017, compared to high-end products such as t4. The Sip agreement is more open and flexible than the H.323 agreement and is widely used by telecommunications operators (including 4g operators).
The ims system is also based on the sip protocol as its standard communication protocol: the construction costs of the sip are relatively low compared to those of exclusive Internet communications; the stability and confidentiality of the sip are higher than those of Internet enterprise communications (micromail, etc.). As a result, it is expected that the ip-to-letter market will gradually shift to sip.
According to the US market advisory agency frost&sullivan, in 2017, the global market’s billion-associated sip desktops reached more than 2.9 million totals, surpassing the best-held US-renowned communications company, five. Companies have differentiated market positioning and higher value for money compared to their major competitor Pollycom, in the sip.
End-markets are highly competitive. 1) The demand potential of emerging markets in the Asia-Pacific region is high. Emerging market economies are growing at a high rate, firms are mostly small and medium-sized, firms have a high-value advantage that helps to promote products in emerging markets, and other competitors are less well placed in emerging markets.
& sullivan’s report on India’s tip business, the expansion of business in India has led to an increase in the demand for sip, and companies are going to step up their marketing channels in India and expand their placement in emerging markets. New generation: Australia and Japan are also developing similar programs.
Actively develop large operators, raising their market share by means of cloud communications. Operators are large customers in the unified communications terminal market and usually purchase high-end series of t4.
Large telecommunications operators, such as telecommunications and Spanish telecommunications, have established cooperation, increasing their turnover to 25% in the first half of 2017. At the same time, companies are developing new operators (e.g., German telecommunications) to further expand their market share. idc reported that Indian operators build four data centres in 2016, adding 40% to cloud service.
The low cost of cloud communications facilitates the sale of end-of-sip terminals, allows companies to further open up the SME market, improves the market ' s 3.2 video communication trend, seizes the opportunity to launch video-based communication on vcs products, locates conference room users, and the income of vcs is growing rapidly.
vcs, currently owns a wide range of products such as vc200, vc500, vc800, vc 880. In terms of operating income, the base has increased to $8.959 million, from 3.8 to 6.5 per cent, with a compound income growth rate of 88 per cent, and the first half of 2018 will increase user demand for video collaboration as unified communications and globalization evolves.
A major bright spot, the shift from voice to more friendly and efficient video communications, is the inevitable trend towards unified communication. A solid word terminal, with video communications, allows multiple people to communicate at the same time, with wide spatial scope, large number of people, and better screen performance.
In the future, 40% of businesses are expected to opt for high-quality videoconferencing as an internal means of communication. Thus, vcs will be a profit point for the company in the future. vcs products are located in conference room users, with high value for money and branding effects. Some 39% of meetings are held at meetings.
The roll-out of the shop-based desktop terminal and vcs product has enabled the company to extend its product coverage from the desktop to the conference room, with the company focusing on research and development and emphasizing high quality. The cloud-vision service provides a one-stop videoconference solution for the cloud-end.
Figure 30: Distribution of major conference locations: High product diversity, high hardware function and strong branding effect in the unified communications market, Table 5: Comparison of corporate vcs products with Polycom products
Videocommunications are trends, with high market demand potential. The main reason for the growth of the video communication market is: 1) The current users of video communication are mainly large enterprises, SMEs are less used, while the client orientation of the company is to serve SMEs, so there is much room for the future market development of the company ' s video communication products. 2) 2007 - 2008 was the last time to look at it.
At the peak of the frequency of communications deployment, the last batch of products is in urgent need of replacement, and the technology of the earlier product is already lagging behind and far below the technology available, so there is also a demand for new items for video communication. In the construction of overseas markets, a well-established and mature overseas distribution network is expected to outpace other domestic producers, with a value-for-money and branding effect.
The company’s presence in the domestic video communication market has steadily increased, and the market (especially for small and medium-sized enterprises) has been well reflected. Production costs have declined, and video communication equipment has become more widely available.
In recent years, however, with innovations in video technology, network technology, and chip technology, video communications have benefited a number of industries. At the same time, the demand for unified communications for video communications has triggered rapid developments in the suppliers of video communication terminals, with Cisco and Polycom increasingly launching new video communication terminals.
Innovations in technology and the participation of suppliers in the promotion of videoconferencing systems are becoming less costly and better suited to the needs of SMEs, and will win the market’s preference for SMEs. Increased R&D spending and pace of R&D are expected; the cost of sales is increasing; and the process of building domestic and foreign distribution channels is planned.
The two-pronged effort is to pre-empt the introduction of mature vcs products into the market. Short-term costs rise, profits fall, and long-term benefits of vcs business development. 1) Plus research and development inputs on video communications. The company is actively developing Vcs' audio processing technology, video engine technology, etc.
Vccloud technology, etc., increased R & D costs by 43% in 2017 to $9.9365,000 and R & D personnel by 51%. The company further introduced vc200, vc880 and wpp20 end-products and co-benefits based on yms, which are expected to be rolled out by the end of the third quarter of 2018.
This will further boost the growth of the vcs business. 2) The creation of distribution channels leads to an increase in the cost of sales. While video communication products are strongly supported by the government and are growing faster, vcs has higher professional requirements for business and higher requirements for the quality of communications than for the Sip terminal.
The company intends to build a new distribution channel, create an independent vcs sales team, and draw senior technical service staff to form an independent technical service team.
Taken together, the market for video communications has development potential, and the income from vcs products will be further enhanced to become a competitive advantage for firms in terms of precision positioning, foreign-union processing, R & D inputs and channel distribution, as the Internet and related technologies evolve and the unified communications market evolves, with a large number of market participants and competition.
The BGW network has emerged from a wide range of participants and has benefited mainly from the precision of firm positioning, the production model of foreign-collateral processing, collusive R & D spending and effective channel management, thus achieving differentiated competition with larger market-based firms, taking advantage of promising end markets for unified communications, and thus reaping the development dividend of oligopolistic markets.
4.1 The firm is well positioned, focused on overseas markets, oriented towards the smb market, and has a high value for geographical location: the company is focused on overseas markets, especially the Euro-American market, because the market ' s high level of acceptance of uniform communications provides a strong guarantee for the sale of corporate products on a large scale. The business culture in Europe and America makes the unified communications system an enterprise.
Offices have become a habit, with a rigid demand for a unified communications system. Corporate sales abroad have consistently reached about 95% of total sales receipts, with Euro-American sales accounting for 76.2% and 78.9% of sales in 2015-2017, respectively.
As large firms compete for expensive customized products, offering opportunities for firms to quickly take up their market share. The telecommunications industry has a large number of players, but the international market has a high-end market, such as polycom, cisco, and so forth, providing high-end, unified messaging products for large firms; the 8x8, ringcentral, and so on, focuses on cloud platforms and invests in the development of virtual cloud computing platforms; and the billions of United Networks have decided to do so.
Corporate products are relatively low-priced, high-priced, and more competitive with foreign brands in the same industry. In absolute prices, most of the company’s products fell significantly in 2014-2016, except for products that were abandoned by the company.
Prices have remained relatively stable, with average movements remaining within 5%, especially in the t2 and t4 series, where sales are relatively high. Corporate performance is sufficient to sustain high growth, largely due to rapid increases in sales.
4.2 The development of a light asset model for foreign-union processed production and the reduction of business costs as a result of the high degree of standardization of the company ' s products allow the company to entrust the production of its products to external producers and to sell them in a manner that significantly reduces the company ' s production and sales costs, controls costs and optimizes the use of funds
The model allows companies to focus their funds on corporate business: technology research and development, branding and promotion, product marketing and customer services, among others, with significant reductions in labour costs and solidity.
Indirect costs, including the cost of investing in assets, increase the company's efficiency and profitability. The “foreign association processing” model, whereby the company is responsible for product design, software development and product testing, procures all raw materials on its own, provides production process and production process documentation, entrusts third-party foreign association manufacturers with production processing in accordance with the company's technical standards and quality requirements, and goes outside.
The company’s stock turnover rate is significantly lower than that of comparable companies in the same industry, and the share of current assets in total assets is more than 80%. The company benefits from the “outgrower processing” model, and it is also in terms of quantity and regulation.
In addition, in adopting the FSA model, companies promote and monitor each other, achieve synergies with FSA producers, significantly improve product quality and improve product efficiency.
In order to effectively guarantee the quality of the product, the company uses a centralized procurement system and selects competitive suppliers for long-term cooperative relationships that determine transaction prices according to market conditions. Most raw materials and components are sourced from domestic suppliers, except for chips from abroad.
4.3 The amount spent on R & D is significant, technological barriers are created, and product competitiveness is improved. Under the light asset model, companies increase their R & D expenditure, create technology patents, and create industry barriers. In 2015 - 2017, companies had a research and development team of 350 technicians, with 51% of the R & D staff.
A number of key technologies, autonomous intellectual property rights and core codes in high-technology areas such as voip network communications, audio and video processing, hardware reliability and user interactive experience design have built relatively complete unified communication terminal technology systems. With its strong research and development capabilities, companies have acquired 74 patents in China, the European Union and the United States, and 31 software writings in China.
Product industry leads by certification and deep collaboration with more than 80 globally recognized system platform providers, including avaya, broadsoft, asterisk, genesys, 3cx, etc. Industry access barriers for SMEs have deepened. Companies are now one of four global manufacturers with Microsoft certification.
Figure 36: Corporate R & D expenditure 2012-2018h captures trends in industry, constantly upgrades products, upgrades technology, and secures its market position with leading technology. Corporate research focuses on the development and roll-out of proprietary and innovative products and technologies, while upgrading existing products and technologies to suit fastness.
In recent years, the unified communications market has shown a trend towards videoization and cloudization. Companies have been keenly aware of industry trends, launching the rectcom wireless terminal in 2013, launching the vcs high-quality videoconferencing system in 2015, and building on their original products in the first half of 2018.
Further roll-out of end-products such as vc200, vc880 and co-benefits such as wpp20, as well as of the yms-based cloud vision service, to expand product coverage to meet the downward trend in the market, which will be rolled out by the end of the third quarter, is expected to further boost the growth of vcs operations.
4.4 The distribution model of deep-farming channels, which build bridges with customers, is a continuation of production lines and an important means of transmitting information and feedback. The ultimate purpose of the product is to be acceptable to consumers, and meeting the needs of consumers is the value of the product.
Selecting a distribution system that has a competitive advantage is key to the smooth delivery of the product to consumers and the transformation of profits. The channel also has an important role to play in feedback, and on the one hand, the customer, as a direct user of the product, presents it to producers and distributors.
Improving after-sales services and technical support is required; on the other hand, producers need to listen to clients and gather first-hand market information in order to continue to improve their products and to make the next step in their work.
The channels of communication are those in which firms increase their product sales, increase their market access and coverage, and increase the impact of their businesses and products. A network of channels is an important resource for them. If firms are to expand their market share and move their products to all corners of the world, they need to use them for market penetration, and local advantages specific to the members of the channels are to put them on the ground.
By setting up a semi-closed distribution network, the Wahaha Group is one of China’s best-performing firms, by allocating its products to the entire national market overnight, enjoying the greatest loyalty of its channel members. There are two business models that can be classified as consumer and business customers in the market: trading.
Trade-type operations are mainly oriented towards consumer markets, with a large number of customers, similar requirements, standardized products, and channel sales models; relationship-based operations are oriented towards commercial markets, with a relatively small number of customers, individual firms and individual firms with different product requirements, and therefore products are mostly customized.
There's a special segment of the business's customers – small and medium (smb) enterprises – that are large in number and not easy for sales people to manage directly. Standardized configuration meets their needs in the same way as a product demand, and is therefore more suitable for a transactional business model.
The t/r model, which is more suitable for modern business development, has been created. The predominantly SME-oriented characteristics have led companies to choose a sales model that is supported by channel distribution and direct sales.
Differently, small and medium-sized customer markets have small sizes and limited financial resources, with a relatively simple business landscape, which tends to use standardized and generic end-products, with fewer requirements for customized services, and more sensitive to product prices. Companies choose distribution distribution channels, sales patterns that make small and medium-sized customers easier to manage, and the need to hire large numbers of sales workers lowers costs and helps businesses.
The company has established a wide range of well-established global distribution networks, selling products in 106 countries and regions on six continents, reselling products to a variety of distributors, operators and end-users, reducing the costs and risks of the company’s operations, effectively expanding the geographical coverage of the company’s operations and generating higher profitability gains.
The marketing model of the BGW network: the sales model of a company can be divided into distribution and direct sales by type of channel and into three categories of distributors, operator and platform operator by type of customer, of which the distributors include the concessionaires who enter into an authorized distribution agreement, as well as a small number of non-authorized distributors, in which the authorized distributors account for more than 90 per cent of the distributors as a whole.
The types of products sold are divided into autonomous brands and odm products, and all of the odm products are now sold to operators and platform customers. The company has set up a three-tier system for marketing its products: (1) a more sophisticated distribution network through distribution models for the global SME market; and (2) a telecommunications operator market for which the company has already worked with British Telecom, Italian Telecom, the Royal Netherlands.
Telecommunications, telecommunications in Spain, etc.; (3) for large business customers, in cooperation with platforms such as broadsoft, avaya, genband, microsoft, metaswitch, etc., where the company ' s products are packaged into its integrated solutions and the distribution model is the company ' s most central channel sales model.
The company purchases the product directly and pays to the company, which is authorized to distribute it through downstream distribution channels, and ultimately sells the product to the enterprise’s users.
The company is responsible for overseeing, directing the marketing activities of authorized distributors and providing market-based promotional support, branding and marketing support, product functionality presentation and use training and technical support to authorized distributors. The brand advantage works with a wide range of market support to attract excellent distributors.
In terms of channels, companies are determined to defend their channel interests, implement anti-trading controls, and eliminate corruption and malign competition; and provide the full range of services.
Market support, business opportunities sharing, establishment of a special periodic communications and cooperation programme for subscribers, provision of human and technical support for market activities, regular marketing of branding events, media advertising and information-sharing; and establishment of a comprehensive system for upgrading the capacity of companies to train pre-sale and post-sale personnel and to provide technical support for projects.
The company’s cooperative distributors are of high quality, taking full advantage of the regional advantages of the distributors. In 2016, the company authorized the first distributor, allnetgmbhcomputersystem and allnet-italias.p.a., the former ranked first in the German voip category of product distribution, and the latter in Italy’s share of the market.
Nexusa,llc, is one of the well-known North American distributors, focusing on the operator market. The distribution network has matured, and the distributors ' sales earnings are growing.
The number of distributors is 91, 97 and 91, respectively, mainly in Europe and North America, where the market demand is high. Dealers ' income as a share of corporate sales continues to be around 90%. Companies are committed to establishing long-term cooperative lines with well-known distributors to provide the best services to their clients and to develop new distributors through branding and marketing, deep-drawing markets in Europe and the United States.
In the future, with the upgrading of corporate products, companies will invest more in the construction of operators to capture greater profit growth drivers. A well-managed internal control system for distributors will provide timely and effective access to market information.
The selection of multiple authorized distributors in each region may provide individual authorized distributors with exclusive regional marketing rights, thereby ensuring the stability of regional market distribution channels, firm scrutiny of authorized distributors, annual assessment of the performance of authorized distributors, evaluation criteria including the level of technical knowledge, sales performance and growth, willingness to cooperate, market extension and service delivery.
Authorized distribution reports and inventory reports from distributors from which companies can learn about market demand and arrange marketing strategies or pre-arrange the corresponding procurement and production activities. (1) As the global market of sexphones continues to grow, the company ' s level of market ownership becomes first, sip
Business growth or slowdown. Order growth is expected to be around 22 per cent in the year 2018-2020 operations. (2) The sales of company vcs products are rising faster than expected, and there is a trend towards expansion of the market, coupled with a greater flow of communications, starnet, Hinner Technology, and four similar firms, such as Koda, Suzhou, as comparable companies.
Sip's original product price change risk, due to the high degree of standardization and relatively low technology content of the product, and the fact that the technology has developed better.
The price of future products is expected to decline. If prices fall too much, there is a risk of low-income growth. vcs has high technical requirements for research and development and sales of vcs products that are not as high as expected, and companies are committed to building high-quality conference room communications equipment, so companies vcs
Research and development (R & D) is more difficult. Despite the current speed of R & D, the future R & D will become more difficult, and the company vcs’ R & D progress will not be assured. If this happens, the increase in R & D costs that vcs will have had a negative impact on the company and may lose the advantage of taking advantage of the vcs market.
Earlier than the company’s vcs, the company’s foreign sales volume is uncertain, and the company’s vcs’ global-oriented plans or risks are not as high as expected. The currency’s over-expected appreciation will continue to erode some of the company’s Māori growth.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.