The company is one of the leading players in the unified telecommunications sector, with its main business now being the sip phone business and the vcs videoconferencing system solution business. The company’s products are global in scope, and its clients include national power grids,
Sip phone operations, which are currently in the process of simulating the switch of communications to ip, have gradually gained the advantage of the intra-sip protocol, which has led to a rapid increase in the demand for sip phones.
Taking advantage of the rapid growth of the industry, the value-for-money advantage continues to erode the share of leading producers, and in 2017, 26% of the city became the number one producer in the sex area. At the same time, it relied on Wu Jung-yung.
With continued high R & D inputs, corporate products have won more and more favors from platform players and are expected to develop rapidly in the future. Moreover, in the midst of a wave of cloud communications, cloud communication platforms are actively built, vertically and in a deep industrial chain, laying a solid foundation for future high growth.
vcs, late but growing rapidly. Especially in the last two years, the gradual roll-out of end-products, systems products, server products has enriched the application landscape of the company vcs business. Vcs’ business revenue increased by 128% in the first half of 2018, far above market expectations.
The launch of the “Cloud View” product for small businesses, which reduced the cost of videoconferencing and met the downward trend of users in the videoconferencing market, is currently being tested by some clients and is expected to begin its formal roll-out in September, and the business block is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years.
Investment proposals: As a leading firm in the global field of tipphones, companies have benefited from the rapid growth of the industry, adding the advantage of the value for money of the company’s products, and have developed rapidly over the past few years, and have gone beyond Bolitón last year to become the largest market owner in the field of tipphones.
Still at a stage where ip communications replaced analogue communications, and ip internal sip occupancy rates gradually increased. And vcs, which has been growing at a high rate for the last two years, has been growing as the company's products have become more abundant and the cloud has become more exciting.
18 Maysan Road, Heung Fu City, Anhui Province, China
1.1Sip caller leader, high-resolution videoconferencing system vcs. Established in 2001 as a professional provider of corporate unified communications terminal solutions, combining R & D, sales and services, and providing intelligent and efficient enterprise communication terminals for global business clients through foreign-union processing
The company’s products are distributed across global markets such as Europe, North America, Asia, South America, Africa, Oceania, and its customers include national electricity grids, China petrochemicals, Chinese oil, the Gyeongdong Group, Hengye Bank, Citibank, Peace China, Emirates Airlines, and China Post, among others.
Figure 1: BGW products have developed over the years, and companies have established 350 R & D teams and a system of channels with global coverage, and have established good relations with internationally recognized providers of communication systems such as BroadSoft, Microsoft and Hwa, serving Hong Kong ' s telecommunications industry.
Prominent global clients such as British telecommunications, Spanish telecommunications, etc. In 2017, companies outpaced America’s well-known communications company, Bollyton, and now produce a product. The business is growing rapidly, and production lines, including end-products, system products, data servers, are growing, and it is hoped that a new runway will be opened outside of the tipphone.
Figure 2: Billion network development history 1.2 Established to date with steady and sustained high growth rates that exceed the rate of income growth. The reasons for net profit growth and income growth in 2017 were, inter alia, one: abnormal financial costs.
Volatility: Exchange gains of $35.66 million in 2016 and exchange losses of $34.11 million in 2017, due to exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar, increased annual profits by more than $13 million for the year, while no similar adjustments were made in 2017. In the first half of 2018, the company actually earned $840 million in operating income, an increase of 22.74 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $410 million, an increase of 34.43 per cent over the same year.
The company has maintained high Māori rates and net interest rates, which have exceeded 60% over the past two years, net interest rates over 40%, and a steady upward trend, mainly as a result of (1) the gradual establishment and effectiveness of corporate brands in the global market.
Providing technical services to clients, brand value and value added are beginning to manifest themselves on products; (2) continued roll-out of medium- and high-end products and continued optimization of product structures (high-end products with a high Māori rate and vcs videoconferencing system with faster business growth); and (3) scale effects drive a small and sustained decline in unit costs of raw materials.
In terms of income structure, the sip phone contributed the vast majority of income, as well as Māori, which has remained at around 80 per cent in recent years, but there is an overall downward trend, and with the rapid development of the high-level videoconferencing business, the sip phone service is expected to gradually decrease its income and Māori share, reducing the risk of companies becoming overly dependent on a single business.
Figure 7: R & D-driven companies with R & D centres in Xiamen and Hangzhou, R & D
Costs ranged from about 7 to 8 per cent of income, and the share of R & D in the total population gradually increased, reaching 51 per cent in 2017. Due to the growing number of R & D personnel and technology inputs per year in companies, the absolute value of future R & D costs will be maintained as part 2 of the industry develops and actively embraces cloud communications.
2.1 The growth of the globalization of the economy has led to a strong demand for business communications, with the expansion of the size of the economy and the emergence of cross-provincial and even multinational enterprises, and frequent intra-business communications by public-driven enterprises.
A good corporate communication system is becoming increasingly important. Harmonizing communication is a new mode of communication that integrates Internet technology with traditional communication technologies, i.e., a wide range of applications such as the Internet and traditional letters, thus increasing freedom of choice and efficiency.
At any time or place, free access to data, images, and voices can be obtained through any device, any network uc solution market, including Internet-based uc service market and uc terminal solution market. Users can choose the operator or platform provider to buy the uc terminal market separately, depending on their industry attributes.
The package, combined with the uc terminal solution and network-related services, constitutes the uc solution. According to frast&sullivan, the market size of the uc solution will reach $35.1 billion in 2019.
The 2015-2019 composite growth rate will reach 15.2 per cent, benefiting from China ' s domestic economic development and increased private and public spending on business communications, and China ' s market for the uc solution is entering a period of rapid development. In 2015, China ' s uc will reach $2.5 billion a year, with a combined growth rate expected to reach 20.1 per cent for 2015-2019.
Figure 14: Global uc solution sales revenue and speed of increase Figure 15: China ' s uc solution sales revenue and speed of increase 2.2sip agreements mainstreamed into industry, with rising city occupancy and room for penetration
uc applications are eventually delivered through the uc terminal solution, with unified communications based on ip communications. Words are separated according to technology, internal calls are free, and business applications like short calls, call transfers, etc. But as the size of the business expands, local pbx is becoming less and less capable of meeting the needs of multiple branches of companies, superimplifying the Internet communications base.
The basic principle of ip communications is to encode voice signals through voice compression algorithms and then package them to the tcp/ip standard and send the data packages via the network to the receiving location; and to the receiving end.
The package is connected, decoded and compressed to the original voice signal, thus reaching the point where the protocol by Internet focuses on telecommunications standards, while the sip protocol focuses on Internet standards. The development of the ip phone goes through two stages: the phase dominated by a closed system, private agreements.
The providers of telecommunications equipment, each based on its own private agreement, launch their own complete solution. This phase involves complex products, high procurement and maintenance costs, the majority of users are large enterprises, high-end enterprises, major manufacturers have cisco, and, with the development of the cip protocol and the uc technology, the ip phone sets are moving into a second phase: the open cip protocol allows the industry to participate.
Participants either provide servers or end-sip. ip communications move from a diversified private non-standard agreement to standardization, and sip agreements gain increasing preference for industry standardization because of their openness, including cisco, avaya, siemens, ploycom, yaalink, snow, etc.
Enterprises, including Grandstream, have supported the sip protocol, and the sip phone, which is carrying the sip protocol, is becoming a telephone. Currently, the market penetration rate for global pp communications is low, the fastest growing North American market is only about 25 to 30 per cent sequestered, the second echelon is about 20 per cent penetration rates for countries such as the Netherlands, Australia, the United Kingdom, Germany, etc.
10-15%, and China is basically in the fourth echelon. So the replacement of ip communications for simulating communications is still at the stage of development, and there is much room for expansion in the future.
2.3 From the catchers to the lead sheep, the platform traders are keen to find a breakthrough in the unified communications industry, which consists mainly of system-level and end-level products. System products require significant resources and upfront inputs. Domestic and foreign system-level products are dominated by large firms, such as Cisco and avaya, that entered the industry earlier.
The network focuses on the uc terminal solution in the unified communications industry chain and the uc terminal on the sip phone. yaalink uc terminal solution
The uc infrastructure solution for the shaffer market, the videoconferencing terminal, the uc infrastructure solution.
Harmonisation of the location of the products of the communications end-users is divided into two main categories: one is an interstate front-line brand that is located in large groups and industry markets, represented by cisco, avaya, polycom, etc., with products characterized by high quality and high prices.
This group of manufacturers is at the forefront of the unified communications industry, with a very high brand profile, high-end products, and good quality; another group is a unified communications terminal company located in the SME market, typically represented by billion leagues, snom, aaastra, etc. They also have a certain profile on their brands, and the quality of the product is gradually approaching Polycom, cisco, etc.
The top five players, Pollycom, Yealink, Cisco, Grandstream, and aaastra, already account for about 26% of the world’s largest Sip phone providers.
At the beginning of the company, it was positioned as an SME user, and its value-for-money advantage grew, and later as brands and products grew, it became a client of large and medium-sized enterprises. In terms of income composition, the t2 series of products located as an SME client accounted for the bulk of the income at an early stage, and the rate of growth at a later stage slowed down.
t4 series products are growing fast. By 2016, t2 series income as a share of total company income fell by 29%, while t4 series income as a share rose to 47%. Over the last three years (2014-2017), the annual global number of Sip desktop phones was more than 2.9 million, surpassing Polycom.
In sales, sales patterns are complemented by channel distribution (distributors) and direct sales (operators and platform operators). Former corporate distributors are located in 106 countries and regions on six continents around the world and sold to operators and platform operators for customization.
In terms of income contributions, companies have ensured the quality of their products to a sustained high level of R & D in 2016, 2015 and 2014, thereby gaining a growing number of popularity among platform vendors. The Department has now joined with other stakeholders, including avaya, Cisco, Asterisk, Microsoft, Genesys, 3cx, Telecommunications Gains, Singapore.
More than 80 globally recognized system platforms, including telecommunications, Australia, have been certified and in-depth collaboratively. Platform clients, with better market ownership and brand influence in particular regions or segmented markets, have a greater potential to sell as large customers, mainly for customized products, and require higher product quality, branding, and generally only a few can win.
Given that the level of competition in the market is less than in the area of distribution, we believe that, with firms increasing their market input from operators, it is possible to achieve rapid income growth through rapid entry of platform players into specific segmented markets. To mainstream the industry, adding company breakthroughs in the area of platform commerce, the sip phone operation will continue to grow rapidly.
The first is the “pipe-to-end” model, also known as the enterprise self-formulation of a unified communication system. The model requires a one-time investment by an enterprise.
The second is the cloud-end model, also known as the ucaaservice, which is built by a unified communications operator at the cloud end, and the enterprise buys a unified communications service. Under this model, an enterprise does not need a one-time input to buy a single service.
Harmonized communication systems, with only a monthly payment under a contract with a unified communication operator. The model applies mainly to the deployment of past ip communications, which is based on the self-constructed model of large enterprises. As cloud communications evolves, cloud technology applications in the enterprise communications system significantly reduce deployment costs and flexibility, and an increasing number of small and medium-sized enterprises can afford ip communications.
Deployment costs, and the gradual release of depressed demand in the SME market, have accelerated the replacement of ip for simulations. Driven by increasing penetration, technological advances, and client demand for hosting and cloud solutions, the global trust reached $9.1 billion, with a combined growth rate of 18.4 per cent in 2015-2019.
In 2017, the company took advantage of the market opportunity to invest in the construction of the cloud communications operation platform, while building the cloud communications data centre. The construction of the cloud communications platform will help the company to construct a whole industry chain service system that will enable the company to achieve a cloud hosting service from the end product provider to provide value-added synergistic services to small and medium-sized enterprises.
Cross-bordering of service providers and sale of end-of-service operations of anti-breeding companies. Part 3 dynamic videoconferencing solution, which broadens horizontally 3.1 cloud computing, facilitates the expansion of demand for videoconferencing to small and medium-sized enterprises
Videoconferencing, which means that individuals or groups of individuals or groups in two or more different locations are equipped to communicate their voices, images and other information across networks and through audio-visual communication, and to communicate instantaneously and interactively in order to achieve universal communication, is an important component of communication. Unlike individual desktop terminals, videoconferencing is a system-level product.
This will include a conference room desktop terminal and a data exchange server, the main application of which will be a meeting room. The data exchange server and the conference room desktop terminal will work together to optimize audio and video data at different segments, thereby optimizing the system’s sound, video and network adaptation.
Early constraints, limited by the high costs of video communications, the high demands of the network bandwidth environment, a single and expensive video communications facility, and poor compatibility, limit the development of video communications to large companies, high-end financial industries, etc. In recent years, however, developments in video technology, network technology, and chip technology have contributed to the performance of video communication products, making them work.
The rapid development of cloud computing has also greatly contributed to the development of videoconferencing systems. Unlike traditional self-constructed video conferences, there is a tendency to extend the use of video communication equipment from large companies to large businesses, high-end finance to the general sector, and businesses.
Conference system, with cloud computing at its core, with the supplier responsible for building a cloud computing centre, enterprises do not need to purchase expensive server products, and multiple video communication in conference rooms, personal computers, mobile status can be achieved through rental services. The cost of using videoconferencing system is significantly reduced, leading to a market for small and medium-sized enterprises.
There are two main types of videoconferencing system manufacturers, namely, China, Boleyton, whose users are mainly large enterprises, and a new type of videoconferencing system, including companies, whose users are mainly medium-sized enterprises. The market for the entire video conference system is now oligopolistic and market concentration is high. According to idc 2016 data, China is,
Cisco and Pollyton account for 77% of the world’s market share, with Cisco being the highest, while domestically, China ranks first at more than one-third of the city.frast&sullivan included China and Cisco as leaders in his report. Figure 30: Global videoconferencing markets are more concentrated.
Figure 31: Competition patterns in the global videoconferencing market, according to frost&sullivan data, the global videoconferencing market grew from $2.09 billion in 2010 to $4.50 billion in 2015 at an annual compound growth rate of 16.6 per cent. Emerging cloud services (especially in mature markets) stimulated
The need for clients to integrate various communication solutions into cloud platforms has increased, leading to increased demand for videoconferencing services. With the global videoconferencing market expected to reach $7.90 billion in 2019 and 15.1% in 2015-2019, China’s need to maintain close links with the world has increased significantly.
It is expected that with the increase in network bandwidth and the decrease in the cost of cloud computing to drive videoconferencing, the user of the videoconferencing solution will gradually sink and the downstream market space is expected to open slowly.
Vcs Videoconferencing system operations have been the focus of corporate strategic inputs in recent years and a further extension of corporate operations within the unified communications industry.
The series of end-products represented, as well as the server products represented by yms 1000/2000, allowed companies to expand the coverage of the solutions from SMEs to large and medium-sized enterprises. At the same time, the Vcs system ' s terminal competitiveness was strengthened, gaps in system server products were filled, and the vcs system solution ' s competitiveness was greatly improved.
The year saw the further launch of conference terminals, including vc200, vc880 etc., and of system products such as wpp20, which enabled the application of the product from small mini-conference sites to mega-conferences, improved product lines and met the needs of clients. At the same time, increased research and development investment was made, and the introduction of the yms “Cloud View” service enabled users to use videoconferencing systems.
The cost has been reduced to meet the downward trend in the videoconferencing market. The cloud view is now being tested in some customers, and it is expected to start officially in September.
The company has a certain advantage in understanding the needs of the target user group because of the company’s long-term research and development of the sip phone, including video and software, which has a better accumulation of sound, video and software research and development capabilities, and the speed of product rotation; and the consistency between the target user group and the sip phone. In addition, the company has a long-term research and accumulation of core audio processing capabilities, videoconferencing and videoconferencing.
All parts of the system, from audio terminal equipment, video cameras, servers, and other accessories, have been developed autonomously. The billionaire videoconference series has been widely recognized and adopted by users, such as the national electricity grid, Chinese gold, large enterprises such as a power station, and medical and public prosecution laws such as the Guangdong Central Hospital, the Jiangsu Public Security Department, the People’s Procuratorate of the city of Teen.
On 1 June 2017, the Central Government Procurement Network published the “Central State Agency 2017-2018 information class products” and successfully entered the market. The central collection project is currently one of the highest-level and most widely covered procurement projects of the Chinese Government in the area of procurement, with very high requirements for bidding enterprises.
The success of the company’s product is a sign that the company’s brand and product power are gradually gaining recognition by government agencies. With product advantages and strong customer responsiveness, the company’s vcs business has grown rapidly since its inception, in 2016.
The rate of increase is 128.91%, mainly in terms of product competitiveness and improved channels. The company’s cloud products are currently being tested in some customers and are expected to be officially marketed in the fourth quarter, providing a more flexible and diverse video conference service for customers, and videoconferencing operations are growing rapidly.
Part 4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations (1) The short-term impact of the trading war on companies is limited by the fact that the company’s products are not currently classified as tariff additions.
Essentially, they are produced in China, where all manufacturers enter the United States market with additional tariffs, without affecting the overall pattern of competition. At the same time, firms have options to minimize the impact of tariff increases. (2) The level of industry-wide growth in Sip calls has remained at more than 15%, and we believe that companies, as industry leaders, will be able to take the lead over the next three years.
The higher than expected growth in the first half of the year over the next three years is expected to be due to the lower base in the first half of last year, along with improved product competitiveness and improved access in the second half of last year.
In this context, we believe that Māori rates will not fluctuate significantly over the next three years, based on 74% of the projections. (4)Dect Unified Communications Wireless Terminals and related components operations are not the main enablers, and we assume that the next three years of growth and Māori rates will maintain a steady, moderate and declining pace based on 2017.
The company, as the leading company in the global tip-phone field, has benefited from the rapid growth of the industry, adding the advantages of the company’s value-added product over the past few years, and has gone beyond the boly-tone to become the first producer in the market in the tip-telephone field last year. The industry is still in the middle of the ip-temper, the ip-temper, and the sip-to-tempo.
The vcs business, which has been growing at a high rate for the last two years, will be covered for the first time by 23, 17, and 13 cents corresponding to the current stock price, giving a “buy-in” rating. The overall Māori ratio of the current cip phone operation is higher, and corporate performance will be expected if prices decline significantly.
2. The macroeconomic downturn has affected the ability of enterprises to deploy videoconferencing systems, resulting in less than expected risks for vcs. The company vcs is mainly exposed to medium-sized enterprise risks, and it is likely that the enterprise will shrink its investment in the vcs business area if the macroeconomic downturn leads to a deterioration in the enterprise ' s own business situation.
The credit rating system for securities in the yuan: