The domestic copper mines are profitable, with more foreign resources blooming, non-ferrous metals — industrial metals, 2025h1 operating net cash flow of $4.42 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, except for the 2025h1 profit growth.
The increase in the price of copper, in addition to the increase in the price of precious metals and silver, and the price of smelting by-product sulphate, mainly benefited from an increase in the price of gold and silver. Māori for the 2025h1 gold and silver business increased by $800 million and Māori for the sulphate business increased by 900 million for the same year.
The company-led tungsten mine in Baku, Kazakhstan, was successfully operational. The tungsten mine in Baku is the 52-week-highest/lowest price open tungsten mine in the world, with 233,000 tons of tungsten trioxide and 145,000 tons of tungsten in storage.
The current operating cost is $774,000/tonne ore, which is expected to drop to $49,000/t after 2027.
The company is the largest shareholder of the first quantum, the first of which is a copper-based mining company, with 35.5 million tons of detected and controlled copper resources, operating six copper mines on a global scale. It is now widely predicted that the Panamanian copper mine will resume production in the second half of 2026, Panama.
Since 2024, the Jiangxi copper industry has converted the first-volume investment held from financial instruments to long-term equity equity.
The return to production of the Ma Copper mine will significantly increase corporate profits. The world’s largest open-air tungsten mine is being produced, the first tungsten tungsten in stock is about to emerge from the valley, the potential for profit is high, and the company has taken the initiative to de-escalate trading operations; the net profit of 2025h1 to the mother is $4.17 billion, an increase of 15.4%;
Gold currents of $4.42 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent in the same year, increased profitability of 2025h1, which, in addition to the rise in copper prices, benefited mainly from the rise in the price of precious metals and silver and the price of smelting by-product sulphuric acid. The gross profit of gold and silver operations of 2025h1 increased by $800 million in the same year, and the gross profit of sulphuric acid operations increased by $900 million in the same year.
The bulk of this increase is due to the increase in the number of letters of credit and bank drafts on deposit, of which $48.2 billion is attributable mainly to a significant increase in credit borrowing due within one year: 1,955,000 tons of copper production; 3.46 million tons of sulphuric acid production; and 1.42 million tons of sulfur concentrate.
The company is an industry-wide company for copper and gold “picking-selecting-melting-processing” and the extraction and processing of rare metals, sulfurists, and trade are China's largest cathode copper production base, the largest accompanying gold, and the largest in the world.
Silver production bases, as well as major sulphide sites, have a large ton of silver, 8253 tons of silver and 166,000 tons of molybdenum, including the Dehin copper mines in large open-air mines. The amount of metal resources controlled by the company in conjunction with other companies is estimated at 13.12 million tons of copper and 96 tons of gold.
National copper mining: the company owns five copper-producing mines in the country, with 100 per cent interest in Dehin copper mines (including copper factory mines, rich-land mines), Yongping copper mines, Towngate copper mines (gold chicken-bearing silver-copper mines), Wusan
Copper ore and Silver Hill Mining. The five copper ore deposits were relatively stable, with their own copper in 2024, as shown below. The Devin ore is the company's main mine, the largest rock-type copper deposits in eastern China, and the company's main source of revenue. By the end of 2024, the Dev ore ore ore had 2.74 million tons of copper, and the annual production of copper was stable at around 155,000 tons.
The Devin copper mine is a large open-air copper mine with a low selection cost and is at the top quarter of the world ' s copper mine according to Wood Mackenzie data. Foreign mines: companies holding shares abroad or participating in mines or companies, with three major construction advances.
1 First Quantum: Panama Copper Reproduction has increased profits. The company holds 18.47% of the Canadian Mining Company's first Quantum and is its first shareholder. The first Quantum is a copper-based mining company with 35.5 million tons of detected and controlled copper resources, the largest of which is the largest.
By the end of 2023, the company had confirmed and outlined 25.8 million tons of copper reserves, the largest of which was in the Panama copper mine, with 10.2 million tons, followed by 7.7 million tons in the Tacataca copper mine, which produced 710,000 tons of copper, 26 million nickel and 7.1 tons of gold each year.
Central America, Panama, Australia, etc., has undeveloped projects in Peru and Argentina. The most important operational projects are the Panamanian copper mine (cobrepanama), which has been in a state of maintenance since it ceased operations in November 2023.
Sediment-type copper ore also has brackish copper ore, which is at about 0.4-0.6% of all mills, with large reserves and long mineral lifetimes. Three pending projects in Peru and Argentina have the potential to become world-class large copper ore, such as fruit production, with 900,000 tons of copper produced annually.
Figure 7: Three major copper deposits in the first volume (millions of United States dollars) The return of Panamanian copper mines to production in the second half of 2026 is now widely forecast, and Panama copper has ceased production in the first half of the year, reaching US$ 1 billion. Since 2024, the Jiangxi copper industry has converted the first-volume investment held from investment in financial instruments to investment in financial instruments.
Long-term equity equity accounting. If the Panamanian copper mine returns, the company’s profits will increase significantly.2 The tungsten mine in Baku, Kazakhstan: 2025h1 has been manufactured and placed on the market in Hong Kong; it was launched in November 2024 and commercialized in the second quarter of 2025.
After that, it is expected to fall to $49,000 per ton of concentrate. The company was listed in Hong Kong on 28 August 2025 (Gajun International Resources, 03858.hk).3 The Ainak copper mine in Afghanistan.
Enak copper deposits are located at about 30 km south of Kabul, the capital city of Afghanistan, and are world-class mega-copper deposits, containing 650 million tons of copper ore and 1,089 million tons of copper ore, with an average grade of 1.67 per cent. In 2008, a consortium of investment companies from China ' s Central Metallurgical and Jiangxi Copper Industries signed a project development agreement with the Government of Afghanistan, in which the river copper owned the project.
Twenty-five per cent of the shares, and 75 per cent of China’s Chinese smelting, have not been successfully developed because of such factors as the existence of archaeological sites and the situation in the region. In August this year, the Enacroc copper mine was completed and successfully transported, marking the project’s acquisition as the world’s largest cathode copper producer, which has been producing more than 2 million tons of copper in recent years.
The smelting units are as follows, of which the Precious Creek Smelting Plant is the largest copper smelter in the country. $/t, copper concentrate processing fee of USD 25/0/t, domestic copper concentrate discount factor of 95 per cent and sulphur acid price of $ 450/600/t, respectively.
Seventy tons of silver and 10,000 tons of molybdenum, of which gold, silver and molybdenum are used to offset the cost of copper. Panama copper mine 2026h2 is expected to be reproducing, leaving aside the Enacroc copper mine and the Mexican slag copper selection project, amounting to 800,000 tons, sulphuric acid sales amounting to 5.51 million tons, and sulfur concentrate sales amounting to 2.8 million tons.
For asset impairment assumptions, based on past years, it is assumed that assets will be impaired by $900 million per year during the forecast period due to factors such as inventory price readiness; for investment returns, it is assumed that investment returns from first-volume, good international resources will yield 1-917 million yuan, respectively.
The company’s main business is copper ore mining and copper smelting, the main factors affecting the company’s profitability are copper prices and copper ore processing fees, and our sensitivity analysis of profit predictions is based on two variables: copper prices and copper ore processing fees. In our profit projections, we assume copper prices of $78,000 per ton in 2025, and copper ore processing fees of $25 per ton.
When we give examples of different copper prices and copper concentrate processing fees, the changes in corporate net profit returns in 2025, a large whole-chain copper production company that collects copper, smelting, processing, trading as one, we've chosen the purple gold mining industry, the Luoyang molten industry, the bronze colouring industry, the western mining industry and the Yunnan copper industry as comparable companies.
The reference is to a comparable company with an average of about 15 times that of 2025, and given the firm ' s robust domestic copper-mining capacity, the dominant Kazakhstan tungsten mine, the size of which is about to emerge from the low-water period, the potential of which is high, the potential of which is about to emerge from the low-water period, and the potential of which we believe is high.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject