EVE Energy
China
Positive outlook for the lithium battery business;
NON RATED
potential regulatory risk for the e-cigarette segment
We visited EVE Energy last week to discuss with management its business growth
outlook for 2019-2020.
Management gave positive guidance for its core lithium battery business growth
outlook in 2019–2020, citing energy storage, power battery and IoT applications as
the main drivers of business growth.
Its fast-growing e-cigarette business (50% of total profit in 2018) might suffer from
regulation risks in the near term.
Leading player in the lithium battery and e-cigarette industry
EVE Energy, founded in 2001, specializes in the production and sales of lithium battery
products for use in smart meters, smart transportation, automotive electronics, the
Internet of Things (IoT), consumer electronics, new energy vehicles (NEVs), and energy
storage. The Company is also engaged in the production and sales of atomization
products for e-cigarette companies through its 37.6% shareholding (as at end-1H19) in
Shenzhen Smoore Technology (Smoore). Smoore is currently in the process of applying
for an IPO in the Hong Kong market. The e-cigarette business, which has been booked
under associate income since 2H17, generated about 50% of its earnings in 2018.
Multiple demand growth drivers for its core battery business
Management expects its primary lithium battery business revenue to reach Rmb2.1-
2.3bn in 2019, implying >80% yoy growth. This growth will be driven by rising ETC
(electronic toll collection) applications, as the central government intends to implement
ETC nationwide on highways by the end of 2019. Management guided that its lithium-ion
battery business revenue will grow >50% yoy to Rmb4.9-5.0bn in 2019, led by consumer
electronics and NEVs. Management remains confident about its primary lithium battery
business growth outlook, citing China's plans for large-scale development of its 5G
network, which will provide demand growth opportunities for its products for IoT and
energy storage. Its power battery products will also see revenue growth from its sales to
Daimler and Kia from 2020. Management estimated that total revenue in 2020 would
grow >50% yoy to Rmb10bn. The Company will seek higher-quality earnings growth by
focusing on larger customers, so we expect stable margins in 2019–2020.
E-cigarette business growth subject to some regulatory risks
Its e-cigarette business revenue grew 100% p.a. over the past three years, led by the
This Eyes On the Ground report represents a
rising popularity of e-cigarettes. Smoore is the market leader in supplying atomization
preliminary assessment of the subject
products to e-cigarette companies worldwide. E-cigarette demand growth should be
company, and does not represent initiation into
sustainable because of 1) replacement demand from old smokers, and 2) incremental
CGI's coverage universe. It does not carry
demand from young people who just follow the fashion. But recent industry news
investment ratings, and CGI does not commit to
indicates e-cigarette might be harmful to people's health, so the US and other countries
regular updates on an ongoing basis.
may consider banning e-cigarettes and its business might suffer from regulatory risks. But
the impact is likely not that substantial according to management, as 1) tougher
regulations might change industry dynamics, but emerging new market players will still
have to rely on Smoore to supply the atomization products; and 2) tougher regulations
are likely only for flavored e-cigarettes, which account for only 30% of e-cigarette sales.
Share price performance recently affected by regulatory concerns
The Company's share price more than doubled over the past 2-3 years, led by strong
market expectations for its e-cigarette business. But the share price recently fell c30%
due to unfavorable industry news. The stock is trading at 19x 2020F P/E based on market
consensus with a EPS growth of 34%. However, the EPS growth will depend on whether
Analysts
Kelly Zou
An Zhang, CPA
Wong Chi Man, CFA
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Note: 2019-2020 forecast are based on Bloomberg consensus.
Company overview
EVE Energy was founded in 2001 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2009.
The Company specializes in the production and sales of primary lithium batteries and
lithium-ion battery products, which contributed 28% and 72% of its total sales in 2018,
respectively. Its primary lithium battery products are used mainly in fields such as smart
meters, smart transportation, automotive electronics and the Internet of Things (IoT). The
lithium-ion battery business sells products mainly to end-users in the consumer
electronics, NEV and energy storage industries. It sells power battery products to
domestic OEMs, like Geely, Yutong and Kinglong. It is the fifth largest power battery
producer in the China market in terms of power battery product installations. The
Company aims to become the No 1 player in the NCM pouch battery segment through its
cooperation with SK Innovation. The JV will start commercial production in 2020 for sales
to Daimler and Kia. The Company has expanded in overseas markets, which represented
19% of its total revenue in 2018.
Apart from its core battery business, the Company is engaged in the production and sales
of atomization products for e-cigarette companies through its associate company,
Smoore, in which it held a 37.6% equity stake as at the end of 1H19. It acquired a 50.1%
equity stake in Smoore in 2014. It consolidated Smoore in its financial statements
between from 2014 to 1H17. Since 2H17, it has booked Smoore as an associate
company in its financial statements. In 2018, the profit contribution from Smoore reached
Rmb298m, 49% of EVE Energy's profit before tax. Smoore is currently in the process of
applying for a listing in Hong Kong market.
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, BLOOMBERG
Auto Parts | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings (Existing mechanism (will be replaced by new mechanism by 01/09/19))
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Explanation on Equity Ratings (New mechanism)
ADD
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.