The Navy has upgraded its military goods, and the conversion business has driven China's power.
The company completed a major asset restructuring in the first half of 2016 to become a fully powered business platform for the China-China Heavy Industry Group, covering gas, steam power, diesel power, chemical power, full power, marine nuclear power, and heat power.
In the first half of 2017, the net profit on corporate returns grew by 21.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a recovery rate of 11 percentage points, mainly due to factors such as a drop in the cost of sales and a decrease in interest payments; and a 52.96 per cent increase in non-net profits, mainly from subsidiary profits affected by the major asset restructuring last year.
In the second quarter of 2016, as a result of the increase in non-publicly issued equity, the income per share was 0.32 dollars per share, less than in the first half of 2017. Military and non-boat goods underpinned business development.
Not 18 per cent, 58 per cent and 24 per cent. In the context of a macro-level environment of low demand in the global shipping market, military and non-boat goods are expected to benefit from the upgrading of equipment requirements resulting from the naval transition, the expansion of international military trade operations as a result of the implementation of the “one-way” strategy, and companies will enjoy a steady flow of orders in such sub-sectors as gas power, power propulsion systems, and medium- and high-speed diesel power.
Non-ship civilian products are expected to perform well in the long run, driven mainly by chemical power operations (middle- and high-end vehicle deactivated batteries), gas power operations (small- and medium-scale gas-driven compressors for natural gas pipelines) and marine nuclear power (sea nuclear power platform batches in the immediate future). Conversion operations are in line with national strategies for “civil-military integration” and are expected to provide good support for company valuations.
(c) The proposed acquisition of chemical power-related assets and operations related to the torch and the planned internal consolidation of the plate with windboat shares for the lead unit; and medium-speed diesel fuel.
A series of asset injections and consolidation programs are being planned in the industrial sector, involving heavy river wood workers, Qiyo Holdings, and heavy wood workers, among others. The company’s major asset restructuring in 2016 led to the infusion of assets from the Military Institute of Science and Technology, with the first equity incentive introduced in March 2017 for companies listed in the North-South Shipping Group, and China’s motivation to operate as a pioneer in the capital of the China-China Heavy Industry Group, in the context of the restructuring of the Institute of Science and Technology and the mixing of state companies.
The company is the only power integration platform for the China-China Heavy Industry Group, leading the industry in the field of ship-power systems with scarce technology, and after completing major intra-group asset restructuring in 2016, it performed well in the first half of 2017, and the company’s future perspective is: full power and marine nuclear power operations are the company’s main future.
The point of growth, supported by military goods, and a large market space for conversion; the integration of companies’ internal operations is expected to enhance market competitiveness through scale effects, and the in vitro injection of power assets is expected. There is a decline in defence inputs; the industry of civilian ships continues to be depressed; and marine nuclear power projects are not being built as expected.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The industry prize is the top ten prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination.
Doctor of Science, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Master of Financial Management, Central University of Finance and Economics, four years of experience in project validation and management in the electronics field of defence, 2016.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.