China’s Power (600482.sh) performance growth is in line with expectations.
The company published a semi-annual report, which collected $11,641 million in the first half of 2017.
(i) Increases in revenue and the contribution of non-shipping goods operations The first half of the year's growth of 10.14 per cent and 21.53 per cent in the net return of the company, respectively, was largely due to the steady growth of the military and the rapid development of non-shipping goods operations.
The net amortization of interest over the same period increased by 52.96%, mainly due to differences in the caliber of non-recurring gains and losses prior to and after reorganization. The company’s current revenue structure continued to optimize, accounting for 18% of military goods in the first half of the year, the cornerstone of steady growth in corporate performance and 82% of public goods, of which the non-recurring ratio was 82%.
The shipping industry has grown considerably, with revenues of 58 per cent and a trend towards conversion has been established. (ii) Motivated carriers have taken off and there are now more flowers in the business area.
D. Since the reorganization, the company has continued to specialize in the existing assets, the low-speed diesel engine management platform has been established in China during the reporting period, the chemical power and medium-speed diesel power integration programmes have been actively advanced, and future synergies are expected to emerge.
Business markets such as power, nuclear power at sea and full power have made significant breakthroughs, considering the huge domestic gas-powered national production of alternative space and nuclear power, and full power market demand space, and are expected to become new growth poles for companies in the future.
(iii) Companies will continue to benefit greatly from the process of reform of State enterprises. We believe that as the restructuring of the Institute and the securitization of assets continue, companies are not yet expected to benefit from the securitization of assets of the power plate.
Companies have a valuation advantage, drive a lot of business and are expected to benefit from the continued growth of state-owned business reforms in the future. Corporate values are expected to increase gradually, maintaining a “recommended” rating.