The performance forecast for the year 2022 is: performance is over-expected, the impact of individual improvisation is diminishing and costs continue to decrease; 2) non-printing chips continue to be released at an accelerated rate
Growth; 3) Increased integration of the general consumption sector, with companies having a significant competitive advantage as industry leaders.  Printers and raw waste products have grown at a high rate: in 2022, h1 with the impact of the epidemic and the unanticipated market, the map generated about 2,113 million yuan in operating income, an increase of about 14 per cent, compared to about 14 per cent.
The overall sales of printers increased by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the original loads increasing by about 48 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The advance in the volume of the original steps was faster than the printer.
The profit quality of the business. The LA ' s operating income of 2022h1 is about $1.16 billion, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same year, and the LA ' s printer sales of about 18 per cent over the same year, indicating that LA ' s exposure to overseas epidemics has diminished and that the LA ' s net profits are expected to increase rapidly in 2022 with depreciation amortization and reduced financial costs.
Billion dollars, about 55% more than the same year. New high-value products from the printing industry, sustained performance; non-printing chip operations, which grew at a rapid rate of about 120% more than the same year. The polar sea semiconductor product line is further enriched with 32 generic mcu bulk-supply pre/backload markets.
The non-printing chip business, which has gradually become a scale effect, has become a new engine for corporate profit growth.  Common consumption business as a whole has been better: market demand for the general consumption business of company h1 recovered gradually in 2022, the business as a whole has been on the positive track, with business income rising by about 16% on a year-on-year basis.
Nathda (002180): Printer Prices Supply chain, small and medium-scale manufacturers are under pressure to accelerate industry integration. Corporate commons are rising globally, and chips open up new growth curves.
The company’s long-term market space is wide: the company’s current main power is in the smaller, a4 black-and-white laser printing market, which has become the top five printer factories around the world, and the market is rising in the future.
The company will continue to achieve a high- and medium-end product breakthrough, a4-colour laser printer market with a larger power, and a global market of nearly $60 billion, stabilizing (by sales) at 70 per cent of the global laser printer market, thereby generating greater revenue.
The size and market position of the company, the forward ceiling, is far from coming, and it's just rising at the dawn of the sun.
The non-print chip will grow faster as national production replaces and maintain a “buy-in” rating.