The company achieved business income in the first half of 2020.
21,033 million yuan, an increase of 193,76 per cent in the same year; the price of pigs increased significantly in the same year, owing to the effects of the net profit cycle of the shareholders of listed companies. After four rounds of four-year fluctuations, prices of domestic pigs have been in Africa since 2019.
The outbreak led to a decline in domestic pig production and a tight supply, which led to a rise in pig prices. The national average cost of pig production at the beginning of 2019 was about $13 per kilogram, while company basics (update)
• Large-scale integrated farming and the construction of a closed-ring chain of pig production. For more than 20 years, the company has been building self-researched feed plants and nutritional formulations to breed and support itself.
This has created a chain of production that combines scientific research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig breeding, pig-breeding, so that it has a natural advantage in terms of product quality, disease control, cost control.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 6.781 million pigs, an increase of 16.6 per cent in the same year, of which 3,967,000 were commodity pigs, a decrease of 23.98 per cent in the same year, and 2,731,000 pigs, an increase of 360.85 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the company increased construction projects, fixed assets, and construction in progress.
The balance of work is $42,927 million, an increase of $15,464 million from the beginning of the year. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.