Q2 performance has increased steadily throughout the year.
The company issued a mid-2020 performance forecast, expected to be attributable to public listings, 1 in the first half of the year, the price of the beneficiary pig rose, the company ' s performance reversed significantly, benefiting from the continued high prices of the pig, and the company ' s farm operations reversed significantly.
According to the data, the average cost of a pig born in the south of the river is about 33 yuan per kilogram in 2020, an increase of 136% in the same year. The company ' s net profit from the return of 2019h1 to the mother is only -156 million yuan, and is expected to continue to slow the recovery of pig production in the country over the next two years.
The company’s cost-control capacity compared to the cost of farming, which is now 20 yuan per kilogram of the industry.
Industry leads. As biocontrol capacity increases and productivity increases in the future, production costs are expected to decrease further, profitability increases, and flexibility in the structure of out-of-boxing, increasing the number of out-of-boxing pigs will significantly increase corporate profits.
1. Risk of a major outbreak: large-scale diseases such as non-continental pigpest or avian flu occur during livestock farming, leading to the death of animals and a greater negative impact on the consumption mentality of the population at large, leading to shrinking market demand, thus affecting the productivity of industry and related enterprises
2. Prices are not as high as expected: there is a significant decline or increase in animal meat prices below the increase in costs, affecting the profitability of industries and related companies, and there is a risk that future performance will not be sustained or even reduced.
3 Risk of price volatility of raw materials: The production and prices of major raw materials and agricultural products used by companies to produce and operate are more affected by uncontrollable factors such as weather and market conditions, which, if volatile in future prices of major raw materials, will affect the profits of industries and related companies
4. Non-pest vaccine on the market: Effective non-pest vaccine on the market will fundamentally disrupt the spread of non-pest disease, the pace of degenerativeization will be affected, and the price of pigs may not rise as expected.5 The start and start of slaughterhouses after the outbreak of the new crown disease will fall short of expectations, and the price of pigs will fall short of expectations.
Xiaodong Xiaodong Xiaodong Xiaodong: Joined the Pacific in 2008 for research in the agro-forestry and livestock industry.
Wang Yanjun: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China, joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2018 for research in agriculture, forestry and fishing.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.