The first half of the year 2020 was reported on the 19th of July 2020.
This represents an increase of 16.61% over the same period the previous year, of which 39,677 million were commodity pigs, 27.31 million pigs, and 83,000 pigs. As a result of the remaining supply and demand gap in the industry, the prices of raw pigs continued to run at a high level, the level of profitability of the company’s main business increased significantly, with operating income of $21,033 million in the first half of 2020, compared to the same period.
This represents an increase of 193.76 per cent; a net profit of $10.784 billion attributable to the owner of the parent company is realized, which is more than offset by the same period last year. Performance meets expectations.
In the first half of the year, the prices of live pigs remained high. In the first half of 2020, the prices of live pigs continued to run at high levels, and the overall trend was as follows: in the first quarter of the year to April, there was a fall after the May 1 and a rise in June. In January-June 2020, the average price for live pigs was 33.90 yuan per kilogram.
The price of a pig in the first half of the year was higher than 30 yuan/kg/kg/year, while the 17 July wind data showed that the profits from self-generating pig farming were maintained at 2687.57 yuan/head, and the profits from farming were still considerable.
We maintain the annual average price of pigs at $30/kg. The pig production capacity has been restored, and the haemorrhage of pigs has returned to normal levels. According to the National Statistical Office, the price of pigs in the second half of the year is expected to continue to fall.
At the end of the second quarter, there were 339.96 million live pigs, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the end of the first quarter; of these, 36.29 million were able to grow, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the end of the first quarter.
Levels. The rhythm of the cycle moves from the first half of the year to the second half of the year, where the main commodity supplementation pig, the stock of 36.29 million capable hogs, will provide strong support for the next half to next year ' s commodity pig out, and future pig production will accelerate, while driving the pig price down.
The company’s capital expenditure in the first half of the year was $17,989 million, exceeding its 2019 level. The company’s main focus was to upgrade the area’s bio-safety controls, expand pig-breeding capacity, and increase production capacity.
As of 30 June, the company's fixed assets and the balance of construction work in progress are proposed: the company is the country's leader in pig-breeding, and the price of pigs remained high in 2020, with the production capacity rating system's “market index” being the 300-indicator.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.