Metal material groups Rare earth taps are priced twice, focusing on high-scoring red potential, industry leaders, power terminal applications. Companies are the largest, most productive and cost-effective worldwide.
The best rare earth companies. The company’s state-owned holdings, the shareholders of which are the Packaging Steel Group; the company’s active deployment of magnetic materials and electromechanics, in addition to rare earthworks. After a continuous decline in rare soil 2022-2024q1, the company’s net profit from the return of 1q24 to its mother was only $52 million.
Rare earth: supply and demand reversed and prices began to rise. The target for the first mineral product in 2024 was significantly lower than in previous years by comparison with +12.5 per cent; domestic imports fell by 2 per cent in March 2024, cumulatively, and imports fell on schedule. And “equipment renewal” and “old for new”
The operation is expected to contribute more than expected to increase in the area of industrial power, and we measure optimism, neutrality and a balance of 12 per cent or demand for rare earth as a whole in 2024-2026, with a continuation of the landscape in areas such as new energy vehicles. As of 13 May, spot prices for oxidium were as high as 13 May.
410,000 yuan per ton, up 18% from the bottom; and the rise in the North ' s rare earth to 3,932,000 yuan per ton in May, and the ring ratio + 7.5%, are important for raising confidence in the industry. With Bai Yun Oobo, there is a low-cost advantage.
It's the exclusive right to exploit the largest rare earth mine, the White Cloud Obo mine. Since 2017, through a related deal, bro steel shares have supplied the company with rare earth concentrates; since 2023q1, rare earth concentrates have been priced in accordance with the company's first provisional shareholders meeting in 2023 and price adjustment mechanisms have been decided upon by the company.
Above. With prices rising and cost pricing lagging, we believe that companies are expected to reach 70% of the first mining target each year, rising from year to year, with strong leaders. Performance elasticity is high, with high red potential adding further value to investment.
While companies still have relatively large reserves of undistributed profits, superimposed on the current scale of capital spending, the policy end encourages dividends, and companies, as the rare taps of State capital, still have a high level of share-rate volatility in product prices; the risk of quota fluctuations; and demand is not as high as expected.
One, Northern rare earth: industry leader, hair terminal application.
1.1 “The first share of the rare earth in China.” The rare earth industry leads the world's largest rare earth production base and rare earth functions, based on the world's largest rare earth mine, the White-Yung-O-Bo.
Material manufacturing bases, which form companies for the smelting of rare earth, functional materials, applications, scientific research and trade integration, mainly produce rare earth raw material products, rare earth functional materials products and rare earth terminal applications, and the company was founded in 1961 as a controlling subsidiary of the packed steel group and the origin of China’s rare earth industry.
The company began developing the fluorescent-grade oxygenification material industry through the stockholding of Jingrey New Materials Ltd.. In 2022, the company integrated and reorganized its magnetic material industry to further refine the company's magnetism.
The sex material industry, extending the industrial chain, increasing value addition, and building larger, more concentrated and powerful magnetic material enterprises.