The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies (CEERC) met expectations in the first half of the year, observing three quarters of the new product performance, and on 5 August, it issued a semi-annual major performance data bulletin for 2019, the first half of the first half of 2019.
The Division is expected to achieve business income of $27.15 billion, an increase of 26.5 per cent over the same period; it is expected to achieve a net return to the mother; performance is expected to meet expectations, with a full increase in the value of the five grains contributing to a better growth in the first half of the year. For the split quarter, the company achieved business income of $17.590 billion (+26.6 per cent) in the first quarter, with a net return of $6.475 billion.
(+30.3 per cent); expected operating income of $9.560 billion (+26.4 per cent) in the second quarter, resulting in net profit from the performance of the company ' s core product, the five grains, which, according to microscopic reports, were marketed year-round 2019 with a new version of P5 that boosted the growth of performance. In addition, the company ' s first half of the year was profitable.
1. “Achieving the first quarter of the year, with an upgraded version of PP5 worth increasing at a rate greater than the end of the income line, expected mainly through the optimization of product structures and increased cost containment.” Product upgrades contributed to steady price increases and improved distributor profits.
The company indicated that the price of the upgraded version of P5 was around $889 per bottle, an increase of about 12% over the price of the seventh generation.
3. " Performance meets expectations, q4 volume price still has to be weighed -- liquids have been upgraded in multiple dimensions such as oral sense, packaging, quality, security against forgery, and, with product upgrades, the price of a batch of five grains has steadily increased against the price of a terminal sale, with an average price of $950 per bottle per batch at present.
Upgraded version 5 has not yet been fully released, and three quarters of the new product has been shown to be promising. On May 20, the "Techner's Hearts Passing In-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Lin-Five-Con 2019 ceremony" was held in Ye-bin, Sichuan, marking the first step.
Seven generations of classic five is offline, and eight generations of classic five are officially operational. The new version has been on line since the beginning of June, with the first positive effect on the price of a batch. At the same time, the new version five will use a clean-down coded system that will lead to a digital transformation of channels, ranging from product production, logistics, warehousing, sales, etc.
We believe that the upgrade is still in the pilot phase in June, and that the second quarter has not yet been released, so we look better at the performance of the new version 5 in the third quarter. Throughout the year, companies use digital transformation as an entry point to sustain the full range of innovation in change, with an upgrade version 5 holding.
Subtract macroeconomic pressures/escalation of market competition/implemented reform/implemented sales under-expected analysis of relevant reporting ratings in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment