U.S.A.R.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.
A smooth switch of new items, the mid-autumn release of five grains, which was published on 30 August in the semi-annual report of 2019, achieved business income of 27.151 billion yuan over the reporting period, an increase of 26.75 per cent over the same period, and net return to the mother of 9.36 billion yuan, an increase over the same period.
The growth rate of income in the second quarter has risen, mainly due to the increase in the price of tons. In the first quarter, the company achieved an increase of 26.57 per cent over the previous quarter, 27.08 per cent over the second quarter and 27.08 per cent over the same period.
Steady, in this case, we believe that the second-quarter acceleration is mainly due to the increase in tonnage. On one side, the seven-generation five-generation fluids were officially cut off at the end of June, affected by a contraction in supply, and the seven-generation five prices were rising rapidly. On the other hand, the eight-generation five-generation fluids were gradually marketed, and the price of the production of the upgraded version five was $889.
1. `Performance of performance in the first half of the year is as expected, looking at three quarters of new/bottles, with an increase of about 12 per cent over the seventh generation of plant prices, and a strong push to raise overall tonnage prices, thus pushing for faster growth in performance in the second quarter.
Structural optimization drives the same increase in the Māori rate, and cost controls are stronger to further the increase in net interest rates.
At the cost side, the company actively adjusted the organization during the first half of the year.
The cost of company sales fell the same time in the first half of the year. 4. " Performance meets expectations, the price of q4 still needs to be weighed -- faster delivery before the season, longer release time in mid-autumn.
It can be seen that in July and early August, there was a slowdown in the flow of the five grain fluids and that the pipeline stock remained low, so we believe that the strategy of the five grain fluids during the current new switch is to “control up the price”. Since late August, research has led the company to speed up the delivery rate, which is for Middle Autumn and China.
Qing Wangyang season savings, and, at present, the five grains were at a low stock level, and the replenishment is expected to be followed by a good start in the season, with a relatively certain amount on the season. We believe that the performance of the three seasons is relatively certain, that performance is expected to be gradually realized, and that the fundamentals will continue to rise.
Subtract macroeconomic pressures/escalation of market competition/inefficiency of reforms/optimal sales of popular version V. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment