Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco: The company published its mid-2019 report, which achieved income, net profit and net profit deductions, and increased growth in line with previous performance forecasts.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a 25.419 billion-a-half-year increase in alcohol revenues, combined with grass-roots research, and a better rate of measurement and low delivery.
The price of a batch of 970-980 dollars and about 1000 dollars in seven generations has risen by nearly 200 dollars since the beginning of the year, and the price of high-end alcohol has risen since August.
Since the launch of the market in May/June, the company’s digitalization system has shown that the country’s current terminals and withdrawals have been accompanied by a steady increase in the quality and taste of the batch prices.
Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-A-Five-A-Five-A-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-F-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-
Seven- and eight-generation sales links were successfully completed before the start of the season. - The quality of operations was reported to be very strong and profitability further improved in mid-2019/04/28.
The company’s policy has been weak since the beginning of the year, with severe penalties for non-compliance, a steady increase in wholesale prices, an increase in the profit margin of the distributors, a positive source of money, and a confirmation of the statement. The advance collection ring is down by $500 million at the end of the first quarter, and is strictly based on monthly payments, as well as on the listing in June of the eighth generation.
The pace of arrival is related to a significant reduction from the 1.350 billion that fell in the previous year. The increase in cash in accounts receivable, bank bonds due and received. Both factors have contributed to a significant increase of 51% in cash flows for the sale of commodities in the second quarter, leading to an operating cash flow.
The first half of the year’s increase in prices and in the share of high-quality alcohol led to an increase of 1.63 percentage points in the same year, with a slight decrease of 0.08 points in the proportion of tax transfers. The cost of sales includes market development fees and image promotion.
A 24.5 per cent recovery in the combined cost of sales, such as fees, with a more cost-estimated structure focused on end-of-pipe and elimination, completion of phase II of the 10 million project, completion of the full-channel digital operating platform, data support for marketing decisions, and q3 investment will be higher than expected: companies have proposed marketing systems since 17 years
Reform, with the introduction of the hundreds of thousands of shops in every city, with the aim of systematically optimizing the channel structure, strengthening terminal control and services, upgrading the profit space of distributors and achieving better consumer services. The company completed initial improvements in the distribution structure during the previous two years’ attempts, feedback, and rectification.
In the first phase, digital technology has enabled five major cut-off channels since the beginning of the year. There are currently 1,372 special stores, 247 Ka, Electric and other group buyers, 55,000 high-quality socialization terminals in the country, and almost 10,000 more are awaiting clearance.
It is determined that 96% of bound terminals achieve eight generations of incoming goods, so that companies can better control the flow of goods, prices, and match marketing tasks and network capabilities. The company has also established a dedicated supply chain management company to operate a professional regulation of the kart.
At the end of the second phase of the process, a fully digitized platform has been set up. Grass root research has learned that the pace of arrival of the eight-day-five has accelerated recently to coincide with the needs of the Mid-Autumn season, and that quotas have been released in September and October according to market demand.
With about five thousand tons in eight generations, which is to advance the next half of the year’s eight-generation release, we expect the high-end five-food fluids to be released or more than expected throughout the year.
The company has moved forward with the consolidation of three subsidiaries of the wine series since June, and the current consolidation of the five grains, the fragrances, the 13 headquarters functions of the wine company, and the 15 marketing districts are in place.
Under the principle of marketing brands, emphasis is placed on the price orientation and focus of large single items, adjusting brands, product and business structures, more focused resource allocation, and more precise costs. The company’s successful listing and marketing reforms are in place, with significant impact of millions.
Next year, the project will enter the third phase of the construction of the consumer club. The high-end product matrix is becoming more clear, and this April will be the beginning of the clean-up of “three” of the “high-simulation” to upgrade the five-food fluid brand, which is expected to arrive in the second half of the year as the super-high-end strategic product of the five grain fluids; and to locate the young fashion setting.
In the second half of the life series, high-quality seed operators will be officially marketed: the FDR 39 series will be upgraded, and a new fashion-rejuvenated design will be completed by the end of the year. We look at the bottom and height of the company’s brand in China’s white wine history, and the company is changing.
The new dynamics generated by Ge, more than ever, are expected to rejuvenate the wine series after integration. The economy has fallen considerably, company high-end liquor sales have slowed down.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.