Performance met expectations, and the reform dividend continued to be released -- semi-annually reported event: the company released its mid-2019 report with revenue of $27.15 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 26.75 per cent compared with 26.75 per cent;
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $9.336 billion, an increase of 31.31 per cent over the same period; the gross profit rate and net profit rate for alcoholic products increased slightly, with a five-volume increase in core products as the main driver of performance. The volume of sales was $859, an increase of about 9 per cent over the same period; and benefits from the smooth import of 8-D-5, with channels and terminal rates steadily increasing.
I'll raise the price of the 8-Dip-5 to $889, an increase of about 13 per cent over the same period; on the 7-Dip-P-5 side, the Channel Co. Oyang-woo sword is in a low position and the bulk price is up to $930-940, which is 16 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, and the price of the 5-D fluids is rising steadily.
Given the relatively small collection and eighth-dip5 share of the delivery structure in the first half of the year, high-end alcohol prices are expected to contribute more to income in the second half of the year than in the first half of the award, while improved vendor profits provide a solid basis for a substantial increase in the volume of high-end alcohol.
In terms of production, there are 300,000 tons of pottery wine, Zhang Jinxing, the first phase of the Bank's work is progressing steadily and is expected to be operational during the year; in terms of quality, the rate of quality alcohol in the first half of the year has increased significantly.
I, 128 per cent, or 46 per cent, of the target for level I wine (five grain fluids); for branding, the company undertook a clean-up of 129 highly imitated products, and in June, the company organized a series of personal and organizational adjustments to enhance the integrated management of the series of wine brands, and the potential for growth of the reformed wine managers is not promising.
Discharges: on marketing, the company changed the existing seven major marketing centres to 21 marketing zones, with the construction of “Headquarters, War Zones” deep-farming areas, rapid response models; on product, the second half of 501 is expected to be officially launched as an ultra-high-end strategic product; on access, the full-channel digitized operating platform has been largely installed
In Beijing, the construction of 28 Peace Rixie Street in the West Side of Beijing has been completed, the network of distributors and terminals has been further developed, and the dividends of the reforms are expected to be released in the future.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuwa, the 6th Free Trade Test in Chengdu China.
I don't have, do not have, do not have, and will not have any part of my pay.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.