Shinji Shan Sentencing (000858.sz) performed as expected, and companies continued to grow at a high rate.
The company reported semi-annual disclosure of business income of $27.151 billion in the first half of the year, increasing the volume of its core products and performing as expected. The company achieved revenue of $27.151 billion in 2019h1 and net profit of $9.36 billion to the mother, increasing by 26.75 per cent and 31.30 per cent, respectively, in line with expectations.
The same year +33.72%, and the second quarter continued to show high growth. This was mainly due to the increase in the volume of the core product of the Five Grains and the further optimization of the overall product structure: first of all, the re-marketing of the classic Five Grains, market data: 30 August 2019.
Consumer enthusiasm and market dynamism, the first half of the year, with the launch of the new eighth generation of classic five food fluids, accompanied by the upgrading of the seventh to eighth generation five, the price of the plant was raised from $789 per bottle to $889 per bottle; and, secondly, the series of large-scale changes was changed to the second half of the fifth.
High-speed development provides another driving force. In June of this year, a series of wine plates, "Three Together", a series of five grains, a series of fragrances, was inaugurated, bringing together a series of wines, a special song, a five-food ol company into five grains, with a total market value (billions): 5492
Series of Liquor Ltd., which achieves efficient use and integrated management of resources, optimizes product structure and cost-control controls and increases profitability.
• Net asset return: 22.91 per cent efficiency gains, with 9.76 per cent sales, 0.3 percentage points less and management fees
At 4.80 per cent, there was a decrease of 0.72 percentage points in the same year. “Digital” empowerment, with an “accelerator” for marketing. The company changed the existing seven marketing centres to 21 marketing zones, under the concept of “vertical flattening, horizontal specialization”.
60 marketing bases to build deep-farm regional markets for “Headquarters, War Zone”, fast-track ITC 28th floor, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, model to respond to the market; and to supplement more than 260 excellent marketing staff with planning, personnel, costs
In Beijing, in the West Side of the city, the functions of accounting in China, 28 Punrithy Street, have sunk to the first level, facilitating the team's transition to digital terminal marketing and raising the 7th floor of the center.
The company’s marketing digital platform is officially online, Shanxi Securities Inc., so that the channel marketing introduces the “digitization” tool on the one hand, and consumer rights protection on the other.
Beneficiary; on the other hand, the marketing chain can be made shorter, transparent and visible, leading to more accurate inputs, less waste of resources, more efficient management close to the market, and, naturally, more efficient marketing \triangleright
The price of the station has remained at around $2,400, the stock shortage is still apparent, the price of the five grains and the old cellars has continued to rise, and has stood at more than $1,000 in the recent eighth-dip-five period; and the company ' s risk of food safety and macroeconomic downside has led to a significant drop in the price of high-end alcohol.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.