Product upgrades, optimized architecture to sustain future growth dividends Five grain fluids (000858.sz) Half-yearly 2019. Companies achieved gross operating income in the first half of 2019.
27,151 million yuan, an increase of 26.75 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 9,336 million yuan in the same year.
(i) 2°19 income, profit continuity and good growth The company ' s second quarter, single quarter, net profit and year-on-year increases are higher than the first quarter, with good growth on a higher base last year.
Total revenue from industry was $17,590 million, or 26.57 per cent, respectively, and the overall product structure was further optimized by the increase in the volume of the core product of the FFA. 19H1 Māori was 73.81 per cent, an increase of 0.98 ptt, of which alcohol was produced.
1.25pt. The increase in the Māori rate and the decrease in the cost rate contributed to the increase in the net sales interest rate on a year-on-year basis. Sales returns increased significantly, and cash flow indicators improved markedly on a year-on-year basis. The balance of accounts received by 1902 companies was $4,354 million, or $499 million less than q1, or 1.47 per cent less than the same year.
Net gold flows amounted to $8.366 billion, a 13.02-fold increase over the same period, as a result of the increase in the collection of currency bills due to banks during the reporting period and the increase in the proportion of cash received in the purchase account; net operating cash flows/net profits decreased from 1.16 per cent of 1901 to 0.85 per cent of 1902.
(iii) Classic upgrades, optimization of products and organizational structures generate a sustained growth dividend, and we believe that in the first half of 2019, the company had three important points of view: first, undoubtedly, after the triple upgrade, and eighth generation of classic five grain fluids.
The seventh generation of the classic five food fluids has been produced continuously for 16 years since it was introduced in 2003, producing more than 123,000 tons and more than 247 million bottles, which is an iconic “big single” in the history of the development of white wine in China. On 20 May 2019, when the seventh generation of the classic five liquids was fully produced, Chairman Lee Jong-gwang announced the official launch of the eighth generation of the classic five.
When the classic five grain fluids are on the market, the terminal price is $959/bottle and the terminal is recommended for retail sale is $1999/bottle. After two months on the market, the eighth-generation five-bain terminal has been marketed faster and has stabilized for thousands of dollars, and some local distributors expect that the near mid-autumn terminal price will continue to grow and, secondly, that the company has done enough branding work around the core value of the brand.
In the first half of 2019, the company launched a redefined super-high-end product - 501,500 grain fluids, based on the advantage of the well-knit cellar pool; created a new retail model of young fashion five grains, represented by crystalline life, with high standards for planning an independent market system for low five grains and opening up a larger marketing situation; and developed and published a brand-new Constitution, the Standard for Management of the Development and Refund of the Five Grain Brand Products.
Further regulation of marketing channels resulted in the elimination of 42 brands of high-simulation products with a high value of five grain fluids and, thirdly, the introduction of a “control board profit” business model through the listing of the eighth generation of classic five food fluids to optimize business structures and fine-tune management of the marketing process.
In the first half of 2019, the company changed the original 7 marketing centres to 21 marketing zones, with 60 marketing bases, deep-drawn areas, rapid response; and supplemented more than 260 excellent marketing personnel, in line with the “vertical flattening, horizontal specialization” approach. The Department's marketing digital platform was officially online and the eighth-generation classic five-grading system operated properly, with the initial establishment of five grains.
A database of liquid brands and products, which provides significant data support for accurate identification of consumer groups, maintenance of channels, business decision-making; food safety risks; risk of weak downstream demand; failure to channel as much as expected.
Figure 2: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates for companies in the single quarter of 2017 to date Table 2: Key financial indicators (biannual comparison) Figure 3: Growth, profitability and operating capacity indicators (biannual)
Table 3: Key financial indicators (annual comparison) Figure 4: Growth, profitability and operational capacity indicators (annual)