Food beverages with five grains of liquid (000858)
• Summary of performance: the company achieved 27.2 billion yuan in revenue in the first half of 2019, compared with 26.7 per cent, and 93.4 billion yuan in net profit for mothers, compared with 31.3 per cent; of this, 19q2 generated 9.56 billion yuan in revenue, compared with 27.1 per cent, and 2.86 billion yuan in net profit for mothers, compared with 33.8 per cent, with slightly over-market expectations.
• A high-performance growth is driven by rising volume prices: in the first half of the year, income from the five foods and fluids series grew by about 28%, nearly 20% by an upscaling of the price of the plant in May to $889. The seventh-generation version of the LSD has also been marked by price increases.
1. The bulk price has been raised from around $800 at the beginning of the year to about $980 at present: 1) to benefit from stock shortages and batch prices
(b) Actions such as dealer-trading, improved channels and end-control capacity. From percentage points to 73.8 per cent, benefiting mainly from the release of core products and price increases; the cost rate has fallen by 1.3 percentage points and the rates have declined to varying degrees, especially after the reform of the channel, and the company cost ratio has been more significant;
Billion dollars, equal to -2%, ring to -10%, cash inflows for business activities that take into account rewinding instruments are equal to +23%.
The price of a new generation of five grains has been raised to $889. 2 channels and terminals have been substantially improved, the top five suppliers have been reformed to dominate the market, the business situation is clear, the end channels are weak, and companies have imported control systems to separate and scan them.
Increased, fewer runs, effective tracking of sales and sales, high-speed doubling of income and profits for market management, end-of-service maintenance and consumer services (000858) and 22-fold maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.