The quality of the operation has improved significantly, and the channels are continuing to provide feedback to the semi-annual review of the 2019 food fluids (000858)
19H1, the company achieved business income/motherhood net profit of 27.15 billion yuan/93.36 million yuan, corresponding to 26.75 per cent/+31.30 per cent of the previous performance forecast data, which is broadly consistent with the previous performance forecast data. Of this amount, the wine core 19q25 met operating income of 9,561 million yuan, or 27.08 per cent (Vs19q1 + 26.57 per cent);
The net profit from the return to the mother is 2,861 million yuan, compared to +33.13 per cent (+30.26 per cent for vs19q1). During the critical period of the company ' s continuous implementation of the brand thinning programme in the second quarter, the company was able to sustain income growth similar to that of 19q1, indicating a continuous improvement in the company ' s business landscape and a significant improvement in its quality.
Māori rates, improved cost rates and net interest rates, increased net operating cash flows by 19h1, company Māori by 71.81 per cent and 0.97ppt on the same year, mainly from the alcohol industry.
The increase (from 1.63 ppts to 78.16 per cent) was mainly the result of higher prices for the core product of the FFA and a significant increase in the production end-of-life alcohol rate (F5P). The cost rate for the period was 12.01 per cent, a decrease of 1.11 ppts over the same period.
Billion dollars, mainly because, despite the fact that 19q2 is in a seven-generation and eight-dip-five replacement period, the company has taken the initiative to control the speed of delivery to reduce the speed of growth in pipeline stocks. Cash flows from company operations at the end of the period have been consistent with the brand '1+3' and 4+4' product systems.
At the end of 2018, the company launched a brand thinner scheme, initiated the clean-up of total distribution products that are harmful to the five-food fluid brand, gradually addressed the competition between the total distribution product and the self-employed one-size-fits-all industry, and focused its resources on building a core product system of 1+3 and 4+4. In April, the five-food fluids group officially launched the "five-food fluid" brand development and clean-up.
1. Industry depth report: High Retardation Standard, 5-Face Group Wine Brands and Product Development and Clearing Management Standard, etc.
Quality real-estate liquor companies cleared and cleared 42 brands of 129 products with a high value of five grains and fluids during the reporting period.
2. Annual strategy 2019 for human food beverages: closed lines of treatment, which are very beneficial for the long-term development of businesses.
In a quarterly review, we used to describe the state of the five grains since the beginning of the year in terms of “the fastest-growing income in the first line of three, and the five grains are in the best state since the recovery of the current cycle.” The benefits were to go to the beginning of the year with excellent inventory results and the timely launch of eight generations of the five grains to replace them with a series of fine canals.
The current price of the five batches has risen by $960-970, almost 200 more than at the beginning of the year. The massive increase in the price of the batches has led to a rapid expansion of the spread and sustained recovery of the channel’s confidence.
With a quota of only 5250 tons, and the company’s ability to control the speed of the shipment, it is expected that the next five batches will continue to converge at the $1,000 mark, and that the chances of breaking the $1,000 mark during the year are increasing. Given the company’s future business growth, the “recommended” rating will be maintained.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, etc. Entered the securities industry in 2011 and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.