In a favourable environment for the industry, the effect of the reforms was that the marketing of the five grains and wines was published in the 19th semi-annual report. In the first half of 2019, 27.15 billion dollars were collected, an increase of 26.7 per cent.
In mid-2019, a 1h19 income grew by 26.7 per cent, of which 2q19 increased by 27.1 per cent, probably mainly due to the increase in the sale of 5 grains and liquids. (1) 1h195 foods and liquids were sold and the overall sales grew faster, with a flat price of 5 cents.
We judge that sales are growing steadily, 1618, and that the low level of five-food fluids are being released in a significant and higher proportion. Five, the high sales of food and alcohol are due to several factors, namely, the tight supply of the huts and rising prices in the first half of the year, which stimulate the demand for high-priced five-food fluids and, on the other hand, the upgrading of products and the availability of new products.
The price is expected to lead the distributors to sell the stock. The price for the 1h197 generation fluids remains unchanged at $789 and the price for the 8th generation fluids is $889. With the market only in June, we judge that the five fluids are more than $900, a larger increase than the previous year.
The semi-annual wine series, special headlines, the five-food ol's integration into the five-grain series, and we're judging that the revenue from the series may have increased at a slower rate than the five-food liquor. (3) Net cash flows from 1h19 operations have increased significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in the collection of currency bills due to bank acceptance.
The increase in the share of cash also reflects a strong increase in demand. At the end of 1h19, the advance of $4.35 billion was almost equal, with the ring falling by $500 million, mainly as a result of the restructuring of the company’s sales policy, and according to our grass-roots research, the fresh five-food fluid was released on a monthly basis.
The new team has brought about positive changes and business cycles have continued upwards. The company’s marketing system is now well aligned, making business objectives more challenging. The company’s 42 major marketing centres have been transformed into 21 marketing zones with 60 marketing bases to complement more than 260 battalions.
In mid-2019, eight generations of five grains were placed on the market, the digital system went online, the control system was operating properly, and channel controls were strengthened. Companies have been growing up in doubt for the past three years, but the results have always exceeded market expectations.
Eight generations of liquids need to be balanced between prices, and mid-autumn sales will be an important observation point, but there is no doubt that the business cycle will continue upwards. The industry environment is favourable, marketing systems are actively adjusted, and we have raised the 2019 profit forecast.
Quantified in the 19th Year of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Fly Report-A-Fly Report-Fly Report-Fly Report-Fly Report-Fly-Fly Report-Fly Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report Report.
Food beverages: beverage making, souping.
Tang Tin-joo.