Rationalization of the channels for continuous improvement of the Statement of Five Grains (000858) for the semi-annual performance review of 2019
The company released its semi-annual performance forecast for the year 2019 for the period under review, which achieved operating income/net return of the company 27.15 billion yuan per annum (9.3 billion yuan per annum, 26.5 per cent per annum/+31 per cent per annum; basic eps 2.40 yuan (data unaudited).
+30.26%), the overall performance is roughly the same as that of 19q1. During the critical period of the second quarter when the company continued to implement the thinning scheme, the company was able to maintain income growth similar to that of 19q1, indicating that the company ' s five grain fluids are in the best position since the recovery of the industry cycle.
In a quarterly review, we used to say, "The fastest-growing income in the first line of three, the five grain fluids are in the line of business.
The current state of the five grains is described as the best since the recovery of the business cycle, and the actual performance of the five grains since this year is evidence of our judgment. Thanks to the excellent inventory results and the company’s timely introduction of eight-generation five-generation food fluids, the consolidation of a series of fine-tuning channels, and the spread of the five-food fluids.
And the feedback is in its best state since the current cycle. The growing spreads have led to a growing incentive for distributors to raise money, and companies are in a steady positive cycle of fundamentals.
The current prices of seven- and eight-generation liquids have been largely flat, rising to $950-960, up from $170 at the beginning of the year. The massive increase in bulk prices has led to a rapid increase in spreads of spreads and to a sustained restoration of confidence in the channels.
In the second half of the year, with an eight-generation quota of only 5250 tons, and the company controlling the speed of delivery, it is expected that the next five batches will continue to converge towards a thousand dollar threshold.
Low-than-industry level, maintaining a recommended rating. Stewardship switch, with a focus on sub-high-end and high-quality real estate wine.
2. The annual strategy for food and human beverages in 2019: summary of company financial statement data projections
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.