The performance forecast meets expectations, and the reform dividend continues to be released The company issued a 19h1 performance forecast that 19h1 companies achieved business income of $27.15 billion, an increase of 26.5 per cent in the same year, a net profit to the mother of approximately $9.3 billion, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year, and an income of $9.6 billion in the equivalent of 1.9q2 billion.
The increase of 27% over the same year, resulting in a net profit of $2.8 billion to the mother, a 32% increase over the same year. 9.6 billion won, a 27% increase, mainly driven by product restructuring and the increase in the price of the core product ' s five grain fluids, which meets market expectations.
The price of the plant was raised up to $889 (+12.7%) and the quota was strictly controlled, with the remaining quota of only 5250 tons, q2 visits to most end-points showing tight stock, companies were able to control the price effectively, the price of the plant was less than January, and the price of the batch was kept high.
At $930-9550, the profit level of the channel has recovered significantly and the thrust has accelerated; the eighth-day-publish price of $959 in five batches, the channel also reflects a positive push. In addition to the increase in the price of the channel, the control fee has been used to control stocks, regulate the flow of goods, collect consumer data, etc.
▪ Reform dividends, expansion of the wine series integration. From June 11th, when the "triple one" series was introduced, the company's alcohol series continued to advance for less than a month.
The management structure of the Liquor Company was completed with Zou Tao serving as Chairman of the Five Foods and Favorite Liquor Company, and the heads of the core regions of the food and fragrance company, Kawasuke, Henan, Shandong and Jiangsu, respectively, being the directors of the Liquor Company, the general manager, the deputy general manager, and the non-core regional directors, are almost always the same.
The company also publishes a sales officer's recruitment plan, which is available at the time of the distribution of the shares.
We believe that the objective of the Five-Face Series integration is to address the lack of uniform planning, poor marketing patterns, excessive branding and so on. After the completion of this integration, the Five-Five-Five-Five Series will ensure a distinction between recognition and the main brand and further "strength."
2 “Five grain fluids (000858): successful collection of self-employed brands, large regional brands, excellent general distribution brands”, and creation of a series of "4+4" wines of five grains, the brand matrix developed in conjunction with the main brands (Five grain springs, 5 grainsols, Pointy Houses, 5 grains special headline 4
3. "Five Grains (000858): Income from traditional national classic strategic monoliths, and choosing to create "Five Feedhouses", "Friendly Wine", "Hundred Year's Expectations, Safe from the Year's Targets"
At the level of sales personnel, companies have recruited large numbers of soldiers, and it is hoped that the company will continue to strengthen its control over the channels. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited already has a securities investment advisory committee.