Central oil capital q1 rating: bank finance companies make a significant contribution and the national strategic clearing chain is advancing steadily Events: the company recently issued its first quarterly report in 2023, which generated operating income of $9,149 million, a full-size financial layout, and an integrated financial platform.
The following companies are involved in the operations of the Hong Kong Bank, China Oil Finance, the Kunon Financial Leasing, China Oil Assets, China Financial Insurance, the Kunon Insurance Broker, China Life, China Silver Securities, and the Kunon Capital, and in the implementation of the full licence of the gold-for-business operations and the building of an integrated financial services platform accordingly.
The revenue from the operation was 2,884 million yuan, with a revenue contribution of 8.89 per cent; trust operations and other services received $530 million and 2,024 million, respectively, with a revenue contribution of 1.64 per cent and 6.24 per cent, respectively.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Performance “barrel stones.” In the first quarter of 2023, fees and commission revenue from the finance company as the main contributor
At $417 million, interest income mainly contributing to commercial banks and financial leasing operations reached the Ito-I oil trade, where the Kunlón Bank strengthened the system for settling cross-border payments.
Established in December 2002, formerly the City Credit Union of Kramay City, re-established the Commercial Bank of Kramay City in May 2006 and officially renamed the Bank of Kunlón in May 2010.
According to the company's report, the Konlon Bank relies on its oil trade with Iran for self-remediation, and then moves to three after the performance period to set up a system of cross-border settlement and financing, which is now available to related enterprises in China and Iran.
Main Line - 2023/05/24 International Settlements, Foreign Exchange Transactions, Cross-border Guarantees and Financing, various financial operations, etc., became the China-Iraq Quarterly Operational Data Point Assessment for the Long East:
Financial leasing is expanding steadily, with a multiplicity of layout advantages, a “one-way” development strategy for services, with a strong niche for oil finance.
Initial appearance - 2023/05/24 Bulletin disclosure indicates that middle-oil finance contributes to the “one-way” strategy of high-quality financial services countries and participates in 15 “one-way” routes, including in Central Asia, West Asia and South-East Asia
158 priority projects in 51 enterprises in countries and regions, based on the oil and gas advantages of the parent company China, provide high-quality financial security and financial services to implement projects such as hydrocarbon extraction, engineering, crude oil trading, overseas mergers and acquisitions, and import preparation.
The situation has intensified, the country has accelerated its “one-way” strategy, investment in countries along the line has gradually increased, and middle-oil finance is expected to build on existing advantages and continue to expand the number of service enterprises and institutes
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.