The Pacific Securities Institute's new energy team.
On July 25, 2024,1 the wind power asset continued to be injected back to the national energy group. The company held shareholders in the national energy group, which promised to inject wind power assets when the company returned to the market, with the prospect of sustained access to high-quality asset injections.
We believe that, with the continued injection of high-quality corporate assets into the development and construction of high-quality projects, the company’s new assembly is expected to grow at a high rate, and growth is expected to enter the high-speed route.2 The policy is accelerating the expansion of green card trading, and the green premium is expected to increase unit income.
At a time when renewable energy is faced with a sustained increase in the share of marketized transactions and persistent pressure on spot prices, and when dissipating pressures lead to increased volatility in the drop-out rate;
1) New projects are approved and advanced less than expected. 2) Assets are injected and acquisitions are advanced less than expected. 3) The policy is not as advanced as expected.
In 2017, the Consumptive Shareholder State Electric Group and the Sino-Chinese Group were reorganized, and the Reorganised Main State Energy Group officially listed on 28 November 2017, replacing the Group as a controlling shareholder. In 2022, the Company returned to the market and, prior to the Reorganization, the Company signed an Agreement on Avoiding Competition with the Consumptive Shareholder State Electric Group, after which the State Energy Group assumed the rights and obligations relating to the Group under the Agreement on Avoidance of Inter-Community Competition.
Re-marketing provides companies with better access to finance and effectively secures corporate financing and expansion. Figure 1.1.1: Key event axes for the power component of the long-sourced power supply, relying on the National Energy Group to hold high-quality wind-power assets
The National Energy Group committed itself to injecting wind power assets, and the company is expected to maintain its high-quality wind power assets. After returning,a the National Energy Group committed itself, over a period of three years, to integrating assets, restructuring operations, setting up joint ventures, etc., to inject sustainable wind power into power sources, and to soundly promote business integration to address potential business overlaps. By the end of 2023, the National Energy Group held 60+gw/62.28gw, while the 2024q1 RMB had only one RMB.
27.78gw, under asset preferences, power from tap sources is expected to continue to be imported into high-quality wind-power assets. Xiang’s new energy loading capacity is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with overseas branding channels leading the two-pronged “self-building + M & A” approach, and the company’s installed capacity is expected to continue to increase. In 2023, the company’s holding capacity was estimated to be 35.59gw, with an increase of 14.42% in equity.
The company has a wealth of overseas operations and has stable wind power projects in Canada, South Africa, and Ukraine. The company has a leading experience in autonomous development, construction, and operation of overseas power plants.
There has been a steady increase in the volume of electricity sold, government subsidies, bills payable, and fluctuations in cash flow. Companies have experienced a steady increase in the volume of electricity sold and net inflows of cash flow from operating activities. The company, which benefited from the rapid growth in the volume of electricity sold by new photovoltaics, maintained a high rate of increase in the volume of electricity sold in 2023, 73.92gwh, an increase of 8.48 per cent compared to the previous year, with wind and wind power selling amounting to 59.90gwh, an increase of 6.40 per cent, and photovoltaic and other renewable energy sources.
At the industry level, the accounts receivable of new energy operators are rising year by year, and the balance of corporate accounts receivable. To benefit from excellent asset structures and positive claims, companies can manage cash flow pressures through multiple asset securitization.
Low-cost financing is also available to companies, with low yield pressure, low-value loss, short-term corporate pressure, and low-value loss. This is affected by the company’s “large-generation” impairment, higher parity, and lower average electricity prices, among other things.
The share of market-based transactions continues to rise, and the share of new energy sources in market-based transactions continues to rise, as required by policy. The share of new energy sources in market-based transactions continues to rise, based on data from the ratio of market-based transactions of three companies: Dragon Source, Three Gorges, Energy Conservation and Wind. According to Liu Kong, Deputy Director of the Market Regulatory Department of the National Energy Agency, new energy sources gradually entered the electricity market in 2023.
In 2024, we believe that the share of market transactions is expected to rise to more than 50%. With the rise in the share of marketed transactions, the average price of wind power on the Internet in 2023 increased, we believe that the trend of short- and long-term tariffs will continue, or will continue, as the share of market transactions rises, with well-developed medium- and long-term value-seeking mechanisms, greening dilemmas, and marketized prices are expected to improve consistently.
Green premiums provide a strong guarantee for the competitiveness of energy generation from both consumption and new sources, and in top-level design, green values can effectively cover systems to absorb costs and ideal environmental premiums. Environmental premiums are expected to allow green power to compete fairly with traditional fossil-energy electricity in the context of electricity markets, and green values are expected to cover costs and provide environmental premiums.
As Green Certificates become more widely available, the trade-off mechanism between Green Certificates and subsidies continues to improve, with demand now focusing on activation of participants’ motivation and dynamism. As Green Certificates and systems are improved, green certificate supplies are quickly released, and demand on the demand side is accelerating a comprehensive expansion of green trading in the direction of encouraging green electricity consumption, improving green certification market mechanisms, and promoting green certification internationalization and the integration of electric carbon titles.
Figure 2.1.3: A map of the value of the green electricity environment, keeping the peace and quiet, policies to accelerate the establishment of market systems and long-term mechanisms conducive to the production and consumption of green energy and to guide green electricity consumption
Table 2.1.1: Selected key policies since 2021 Wind and Power operations: Use of more hours than industry to improve operating efficiency in small generations Company-controlled wind and wind equipment to continue leading industries in hours. Benefiting from quality power stations and leading operational efficiency, average domestic wind power use in the first quarter of 2024
Under the same wind resources, larger and more advanced wind units are given higher wind speeds, larger wind sweeps, and more electricity generation hours on average. Technological changes to older, small wind units can effectively reduce operating costs, while some transport roads and electrical equipment can be reused to increase wind farm capacity and power generation at a small cost.
Wind and power operations: the installed machine is expected to increase, electricity prices are expected to stabilize, M & A + self-building is expected to increase the company ' s wind and wind power additions. In 2024, the company planned to start a new energy project, 10gw, to produce 7.5gw, and in July, the company announced that the national energy group of the company ' s shareholders was going to inject a new energy loader, 4gw, with a planned batch injection. q1 in 2024, the company added a new holder.
Photovoltage and other renewable energy operations: low installation base, high speed of increase, high price of electricity, expected stability, low company photovoltaic base, M & A + self-conciliation, expected to continue to rise. New photovoltaic units were added in 2023, about 2.9gw based on better corporate financing capacity and project development capacity, and the company's additional loadings in 2024 are expected to increase faster than the Chinese ones, assuming the company's new light voltage in 2024 is 4-
5gw, photovoltaic and other renewable energy accumulations are expected to reach 10-11gw. As photovoltaic green certificate values continue to be excavated and returned, photovoltaic electricity prices are expected to rise at the wind-power operating poles, and new energy loads continue to increase.
25.96gw On the use of hours, it is assumed that the number of hours spent on wind power is expected to reach 2330, 2360, and 2400, and 1020, 1035 and 1050 hours on photovoltaic power, as a result of the steady increase in the number of hours used by small generations, the reliability of the company’s fleet and the continued improvement in the rate of exposure.
Table 3.2: Power generation and revenue projections for the sale of electricity 1) approval and advancement of new projects are below expectations. 2) Injection of assets and M & As are below expectations.
3. Policy has not advanced as expected.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007,57165982d.