Companies combine innovation, match clinical needs, and support health institutions in providing quality health care, thereby helping to improve medical conditions and reduce medical costs around the world. After many years of development, companies have become China’s largest and global leading provider of medical devices and solutions.
(1) The company has a number of international leading research and development professional laboratories, such as those dedicated to reliability, blood cell traceability, power sources, parameters, gas, probes, heat mechanics, etc., where the reliability laboratories and blood cell traceability laboratories have been certified by China ' s cnas and the reliability laboratories have been certified by international third-party laboratories such as intertek, sgs, etc.
(2) The company has a manufacturing base with a total area of more than 300,000 m2 and meets the production needs of the global market. The company has also introduced a medical product innovation (mpi) process to improve overall R & D efficiency and achieve R & D efficiency through a life-cycle management and electronic platform.
The company has a three-tier technical support structure outside the country, 28 subsidiaries offer offshore local service lines to receive customer service announcements, and more than 100 site-based direct service sites provide on-site services and technical support to clients.
Chu Wen: University of Monash, Australia, Master of Banking and Finance, 2016, joined the alliance. In the six months following the report, securities rose or dropped against the 300-degree index.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the particulars of the persons who obtained the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial circumstances and specific needs.