Murray's medical success, the 10 billion-million-dollar collectors' head landing, the industry index movement (suggested), the SEC announcement of July 24, 2018, Shenzhen's medical success, the launch board.
According to the offer note, the current Murray Medical Service proposes to issue 121.6 million shares, with no more than $634.4632 million in financing, and the Huatay Co-Systems, which will be issued as a public offerer for the current issue.
The U.S. shares return, the medical instrument master returns to the a-square path, the king returns, 20170527. Breaking the all-automatic chemical luminous technical barriers of the overseas giants, new products.
Murray is the largest medical equipment company in the country, dedicated to the development and manufacture of clinical medical equipment.
The main activities include life information and support, in vitro diagnostic instruments and reagents, medical, 4. Salela (831049): the domestic marketing of stem cell products.
Three major areas of learning video, including colours, in vitro diagnostic reagents, and analysers, tutors, and so on. In 2006, Myrry was listed at the New Deal, and in 2016, $3.3 billion was retired from the United States.
In May 2017, Méri's medical first disclosure of the offer, applied for 100 billion market calls in the deep market, and the industry upgraded to create a chain of chains.
On 13 February of this year, the Board took the initiative to close the review, and a second offer was issued at the end of March, with a two-wheel-drive replacement of the technology plus policy, with three major breakdowns.
Murray's health has also moved from a small to an entrepreneurial board in the deep city. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
As an important part of the pharmaceutical industry, the medical equipment industry is growing rapidly, and according to the 9.50 per cent prevalence rate in our medical service industry, according to the Space Equipment Association of the Dental Service industry, the size of the medical equipment industry has reached $3.696 billion in 2016, a ten-year recovery.
By contrast, we have a relatively short period of development in the medical equipment industry compared to the developed countries, and the high-end medical equipment requirements, images, ultrasounds, immune diagnostics, etc.
The field has long been occupied by foreign giants. Murray's medical care, as the leader of the domestic medical apparatus, has long been charged with the difficult task of breaking foreign monopolies in a wide range of compartmentalized areas.
As China’s new three-board researcher, we believe that the acceleration of the national production of medical devices is inevitable as the country’s technology breaks, and that the cutting edge of the first technological breakthrough is expected to grow in the long term. It is recommended that attention be paid to the high end of the country.
In the context of the two eras of wealth management and innovative entrepreneurship, the new three-board research team that builds the dual attributes of “research +banker,” based on research capabilities, develops capital-based business plans for firms, matching capital markets, and provides cross-industry, geographic, and cross-regional access to capital markets.
A range of financial whole-chain research services, such as up-and-down extension, serve as a bridge and leverage to provide closed, sustainable financial services to small, medium-sized, growing businesses, and financial institutions. Yuan Qui (Director-General and Chief Research Officer of Wide Evidence) has long been engaged in portfolio research and has been awarded the World Financial Laboratory's annual Grand Award - the most vocal.
In 2014, the first new three-board research team in the industry was formed to create a famous research brand, the “New three-board research pole” . With a complex background of cross-industry and overseas research, it was awarded a second-class award in the years 08 and 09 on the subject of the Securities Industry Association. With a number of years of experience in a unit and a new three-board research, it is familiar with the operations of a second-tier capital market, focusing on robots, drones, etc., serving as a service for the Guangzhou City Development Area.
Wen Dynasty (New 3rd Deputy Team Leader): Nanjing University Master ' s degree, Polytechnic and Management Complex Professional background, seven years of experience as a operator, four years of experience in market analysis, expertise in related areas such as communications, the Internet, informationization, etc. Huang Jing (New 3nd Team Leader): Master of Finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, with a complex background in cross-industry and overseas research, responsible for education
Suh Wei (Head of the New Three High-end Equipment Industry): China People’s University has a master’s degree in management, a complex professional background in science, engineering and management, a multi-year experience in public fund-raising, a rich accumulation of research in manufacturing in the new three boards and a share, and a deep understanding of business management.
Research in the areas of architecture, post-investment management, expertise in data mining and policy analysis, industry experience in cloud computing, information security, first enterprise experience in product development and management, in-depth knowledge of the current state and direction of the medical equipment industry, with a focus on new three panels of medicine
B.A. has a well-known industrial experience abroad, and has a unique understanding of industrial development. The focus is on the sub-sectors of Chinese medicine, biopharmaceuticals, chemicals, etc.
The second level of research has focused on electricity equipment and new energy sources, new materials, and consumption areas such as early childhood education, mothers and children, and toys.