The semi-annual review: q2 net profit from mother-to-child ratio q2 net profit from mother-to-child ratio +18.3 per cent and q3 performance is expected to accelerate further
+11 per cent of the same year; 1.45 billion yuan of net profit from non-return to the mother, +16.9 per cent of the same year; 770 million yuan of net profit from return to the mother, +17.3 per cent of the same year, +15 per cent of the same year's average performance of the q2 ring, which we judge as the main company's sales of the excavator tank; and, second, the market share of the big pump valves continued to rise in the first half of the year.
2 Non-digging plates: oil tanks are subject to fluctuations in the high-scene atmosphere, but non-digging pump valve spectrometers continue to expand at the same rate as +30 per cent, with aggregate sales of products such as compact hydraulic valves, track-to-cylinder Semada close to full 2024 levels; 3 linear drives: 50+ new products developed in the first half of the year
Looking at q3, domestic diggers, non-diggers, and foreign clients’ orders are on track, adding low base effects, and we judge that q3 performance is expected to accelerate further.
+1.0pc. The Māori ratio for single-q2 sales is 44%, the same ratio is +0.9pc, the ring ratio is +4.6pc, the net interest rate for sales is 29.6%, the same ratio is +1.8pc, the ring level is +4.1pc, and the increase in profitability is largely due to the scale effect of the increase in the utilization of q2 capacity and the exchange rate gains.
In the future, the company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase as the size of the factory’s income expands and the pump valve’s depreciation ends.
"Hungular Hydraulic Pressure" (601,100): 2024 and "Floating Overseas Plants + Clash" project with more flowers to create a second-growth curve.
Corporate diversification, internationalization strategy and expected sustained growth in performance: (1) Mexican project: public profits per year + 3 per cent in line with expectations, diversification, and the establishment by the Department of International Affairs of a hydraulic material production base in Mexico, which has been officially operational and which will facilitate successful company entry
The supply chain of North American diggers, high machines, high-end farm machines has wide scope for growth. (2) Linear drive projects: the company has set up three departments, one for the electric tank, one for the string, one for the track, and one for the rollers, one for the rollers, one for the rollers, one for the track, and one for the track.
The company will continue to focus on technological innovation and high quality, deepening the client's involvement with the long-shut hydraulic pressure (601,100): Deep layout powered, distributors working together to promote more sophisticated threads, straight-line guidance tracks, electric cylinders, etc.
In addition, the company is taking the lead in the field of fixing electric and hydraulic motors.
There will be an opportunity to be validated in more engineering and mechanical products.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company’s return net profit forecast for 2025-2027, which is that Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.