Traditional business growth, export + linear implementer contribution add-ons The semi-annual semi-annual 2025 report (60110.sh) q2 returns up to a single quarter and increased profitability.
With 2,749 million yuan, or +11.24% of the year; a net profit of 812 million yuan, resulting from an increase in the same amount, the company’s cost control has been very effective.
Recovery and domestic substitution have deepened, and demand for excavators has continued to grow. 2025h1, the company sold a total of 30830,000 tankers for excavators, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period; the excavator pump valves made a sustained breakthrough on medium-sized and large excavators, with a rising share of products; and non-digger hydraulic pumps.
The valve product spectrum continues to expand, with sales increasing by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis. New product lines accelerate the release of products such as compact hydraulic valves, trajectories, and selmadas, which are sold at levels close to last year’s full-year level, and have made an international breakthrough in the reverse export of internationally recognized manufacturers.
Globalized production can be gradually improved, and exports are expected to open up a growth space. 2025h1, Mexico’s factory, the largest overseas production base of the public’s \triangleright division, has been officially operational and has increased significantly.
The supply chain resilience of North America and the global market is moving from “sale” to “localized” services. And strategic forward-looking card smartness, electrodynamic products, and programs are moving into a global wave of transformation in the engineering and machinery industry, promising to take advantage of sustainable development and open up higher profits.
Linear drive achieves two breakthroughs in technology R&D and market promotion. 2025h1, companies accumulated \triangleright to develop more than 50 new products and to deliver all of them in a diversified, high-prevalence manner.
A matrix of products. Market end: direct sales to head customers through the “direct sales plus distribution” model, distribution over the long-tail market, construction of nearly 300 new clients, quick access. No focus on priority products such as compact threads, straight-line guidance tracks, electric cylinders, extension applications
The landscape, the promotion of linear drives and traditional hydraulics to create “electric complementarities” and enhance synergies. We believe that the extensive application of dry human robots, automobiles, etc. of linear drive-related products, and the wide market space are expected to optimize the corporate income structure and upgrade the company.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Corporate ownership is robust, overseas production can be progressively improved, and strategic deployment of linear new businesses. We believe that with the expansion of overseas markets and the maturing of new business, corporate growth and profitability are expected to increase further.
Risk of risk change; 3) the failure to expand overseas markets to the expected risks; 4) exchange rate risk; 5) the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, etc. \triangleright
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.