Sustained hydraulic fluid pressure (601,100): Industry recovered with high profits innovation in a single quarter, with linear-driven projects showing remarkable performance by 18.31 per cent over the same period, creating the company ' s highest profit record in a single quarter. Rates decreased slightly and continued to drive down efficiency gains in the first half of 2025.
The project, which resulted in an increase in the total number of employees and their remuneration, resulted mainly from an increase in exchange rate gains during the current period. The company deepened its cost management and continued to push the project down, with a cumulative implementation of more than 400 reduction measures covering various components such as raw materials procurement, production process optimization, and equipment maintenance, which provided a strong boost to the company’s profitability.
According to the China Engineering and Mechanics Association, 125.2 million excavators were sold in the first half of 2025, an increase of 16.8 per cent in the same year and a recovery in industry. Of these, domestic sales amounted to 656 million, an increase of 22.9 per cent in the same year.
The same-year-old growth was over 15%; excavator hydraulic pump valves made a sustained breakthrough on medium-sized and large excavators, with a rising product share. In addition, non-digger industry hydraulic valve product spectrometry continued to expand, with sales increasing by more than 30% on an equal basis, further expanding the domestic share in high-altitude platforms, loading machines, and agricultural machinery.
The company has made a major effort to open overseas markets and continue to promote overseas production.
The company’s largest production base in Mexico is now operational. Linear drive projects have been in operation for the first half of the year, with new technology, linear drive projects entering the stage of bulk production – technological R & D and market expansion, with a cumulative development of more than 50 new products, all of which have been successfully completed.
Quantities are transformed and officially placed on the market. Directly moving products, relying on the company’s technological advantages and quality assurance, are fast-tracked into the market at the beginning of entry.
Long, “internationalization, pluralism, electrodynamicization” continues. Key products such as straight-line guidance tracks, electric cylinders, etc., continue to rise to the leading position in telematics in more applications.
Investment proposal: The company is the domestic hydraulic material tap, the market share of the dredging pump valve has increased, the non-diggered product has continued to be released, and the driving force country, "Standard hydraulic pressure (601,100)": "Internationalization, multimodalization, and electrodynamic strategies. The company has pushed for higher exchange rate gains on the mitigation efficiency and recovery of the excavator industry, and we have adjusted our projections.
The business strategy of metrology, electricization has been steadily advanced, using legally compliant data information, careful presentation of research findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report, without any direct or indirect connection to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.