The machine team is performing as expected, watching the main recovery and the start of the new business.
Corporate disclosure: Revenues of 5.5 billion over 25 years were reported + 7% over the same period, net profit of the mother 810 million + 18% over the same period. Income and profits were expected.1 The boom in the excavator market led to rapid growth in business income in the second quarter.
1. “Standard Hydraulics: Performance meets expectations, linear drive openings increase, policy effects add up, the engineering and machinery industry is backheating, and internal and external sales data are increasing significantly.
In the first half of the year, we sold 120,000 excavators, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same period, of which domestic sales amounted to 656 million, an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period.
3. "Hungular Hydraulics: Excavator plates are warm and non-digger plates continue to shine, up 10.2 per cent from 10.2 per cent. In the first half of the year, the company sold a total of 30,83 million oil tanks for excavators, up 15 per cent from 15 per cent; excavator hydraulic pump valves, sustained staggers on medium-sized and large excavators.
In addition, the system of hydraulic valves in the non-digger industry continues to expand, with sales increasing by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis. In this context, the aggregate sales of compact hydraulic valves, trajectories, etc., are close to last year's full-year level, further increasing the level of work at high altitude.
Domestic shares in the areas of platforms, loading machines, and agricultural machinery, have also made a breakthrough in the foreign market and have been supplied in bulk to well-known engineering and machinery manufacturers abroad.2 The profitability of the scale effect has continued to rise. 1h25, the company's Māori ratio is 41.85 per cent.
This is due to product structural optimization, scale effects, and cost control. The cost rate for the period has increased as a result of the expansion of new business and the increase in the number of employees. In the second quarter alone, the net interest rate ring rose to 29.4%, and the profitability improved significantly, mainly in the lower part of the second quarter.
In order to thrive, the increase in capacity utilization has had a scale effect. Company fundamentals (RMB)3 and watch emerging businesses open the second growth curve. Linear drive projects accumulated in the first half of the year.
Development of more than 50 new products, all of which have been successfully converted and officially placed on the market, close to 300 new customers in the first half of the year of company-lined products, and, in the future, the company-line drive project will promote such key products as compact threads, straight-line guidance tracks, electric cylinders, etc.
The company is expected to grow in a new round, with the booming of non-digger business and the gradual expansion of new business as the dredgers industry cycle is established.
The downstream landscape is less than expected: the risk of currency exchange fluctuations; the development of new products is less advanced than expected.