q2 recorded a one-quarter record of record performance, which is a good look at the recovery of major industries and the continued expansion of new business Events: the company released its semi-annual report in 2025, which achieved revenue of $5,171 million in the first half of the year, a one-quarter record increase in q2 performance and a sustained increase in profitability. Company q2 achieved a net return.
The profits were $812 million, a record high in a single quarter, mainly due to: 1) recovery-led revenue upscale; 2) product structure optimized to raise the Māori rate; 3) exchange gains, etc. q2 BD sales Māori rates, net interest rates of 44.01 per cent and 29.59 per cent, respectively, increased by 0.89 pct, respectively.
1.79 pct. In terms of cost rates, the q2 company sells, manages, R & D, and the financial cost rates are higher, respectively, in the engineering and machinery industry, and the company ' s main industry benefits fully. According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, 120.5 million excavators were sold in the first half of 2025, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same year.
Total equity/flow (million shares) out of which domestic sales amounted to 656,000, representing an increase of 22.9 per cent in the same year; export sales amounted to 549,000, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year.
In addition, in the non-digger industry, the pump valve product spectrum continues to expand, with sales increasing by more than 30%.
The cumulative sales to products such as the column Semada are close to last year ' s full-year level, further expanding the domestic share in areas such as high < < engineering machine demand warming, linear drive empty operating platforms, loaders and agricultural machinery, and in foreign markets. ]
Quantities >- 2025-05-11 Break-through with bulk delivery to internationally renowned engineering and machinery manufacturers. < < Māori ratio has increased significantly and continues to look after more companies. >
Meltaization, Internationalization Strategy >- 2024-08-28 Opening overseas markets, sustaining the deployment of overseas production capacity, and the company's largest overseas production base < < diversification strategy smooths down the country's business,
In the first half of the year, the company’s linear drive project has accumulated more than 50 new products, all of which have been successfully converted and officially placed on the market.
In the future, the company's linear drive will continue to focus on technological innovation and excellence, deepening its outreach to clients and distributors.
Co-operation to promote more applications of priority products such as fine wire bars, straight-line guidance tracks, electric cylinders Prospectives and investment proposals: corporate business revenue is expected to reach a one-quarter high in q2 performance in 2025-2027, and to see a major recovery + new business continues to expand
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a signatory to the Pacific, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any of the information contained in this report.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.