Profitability continues to improve, and new business prospects are good.
The constant tile hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) is equal to +0.99 pct. Every quarter, 25q2 achieves operating income of $2.749 billion, i.e. +11.24 per cent, while profitability is being optimized and cash flow levels are robust.
The Māori ratio of 25q2 is 44 per cent, compared to +1.12 pct, mainly due to size growth, cost control and product structure optimization, such as the increase in the ratio of medium and large dig pump valves, motors, etc. 25h1 sales/management/research and development/financial cost ratio □ lubei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The increase in the administrative cost rate was mainly due to increases in staff remuneration and travel costs, and the lower financial costs were mainly due to higher exchange rate gains. In addition, 25h1 companies had a solid operating cash flow of $619 million/+13.25 per cent yoy. q2 operating cash flows of $568 million/+26 per cent yoy, an increase of $116 million in capital over the same period last year.
With $330 million in spending, capital spending will be gradually reduced and concentrated abroad over the same period last year. Industry continues to warm, and the company’s market share and product abundance rises.
A 17 per cent higher than expected increase in sales in July, with industry gradually returning from a milder season in May-June, with funding in place □ pengxingjia_vj@chinastock.com.cn excellent, with cumulative sales of excavators in January-July reaching only 35 per cent of their 21-year highs and still low.
Overseas, China’s excavator exports grew by 10% and 32% in January-June and July, respectively, and have picked up monthly since May. Most of the core commodity prices, such as gold and copper, remain high, European interest rates have fallen – fiscal expansion – and the economic climate has risen, with demand showing signs of a bottom-up.
The company sold a total of 308,000 excavators, an increase of 15 per cent over the same year; the share of the large- and medium-sized excavators hydraulic pump valves increased, and the spectrum of non-digger hydraulic pump valves continued to improve, with sales increasing by 30 + per cent on an equal basis. Linear drives are progressing brightly and capacity-building is entering the harvest period. Linear drive projects are used as corporate electric power.
One of the core operations of the strategy, which featured in technology R & D and market expansion in the first half of the year, accumulated more than 50 new products and completed the conversion of production to the market. Meanwhile, 25h1’s largest overseas production base – Mexico’s factory – was officially operational in June, and is expected to contribute to orders and revenue gains in the second half of the year.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: At the industry level, there has been a sustained recovery in internal sales of engineering machinery, a steady increase in demand for mining and energy infrastructure in overseas Africa, and a rise in the European climate. The company’s product abundance and market share continue to be raised at a relatively deep 300-percent level.
High, linear drive technology development and market expansion are well advanced, profitability is being optimized, and performance is expected to be commensurate with the warming of the engineering and machinery industry and the high growth of the robotics industry.
Overstretched sales; Fy25 projected a drop in global demand 2. [Galaxy] Industry review: Focus on domestic demand + future industry, looking at robots and engineering machines.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.