In-depth report on Eastern Wealth (300059) Actively laid out the wealth biosphere and perfected the financial chain of industry 30 October 2020
The country’s leading one-stop Internet financial services platform. It has business blocks such as securities, fund sales, financial data, Internet advertising, futures brokers, public funds, private funds, securities lending, etc., to provide financial transactions, quiz, information browsing, community communication, etc. to large users.
All-round, one-stop financial services, s034019001 stream, data support, etc. Roughness is on the rise, with operating income rising from RMB 185 million in 2010 to 59.46 in q1-q3 in 2020
Research assistant: 92% of Lu Ziaotsu achieved cross-cutting growth; net return profits rose from 67 million yuan in 2010 to q1-two realizations in 2020, one transformation and the active deployment of the wealth biosphere.
The third-party sale of the Fund's license plate and the flow orientation of the three main websites were followed in 2015 by the sale of the Fund in 2015, when the company acquired Tibetan peer securities, relying on a rich accumulation of flows, the two platforms of the Eastern Wealth Network and the Equity Bar again played a role in the flow, and the company's securities business performance broke out the following year.
In 2018, the company obtained a public fund-raising license and formally began a wealth transformation, which led to the release of six funds and the development of one distribution. The company actively created a wealth eco-cooper to improve the financial chain, and now has a license plate:
Fund sales, securities, public fund-raising, private fund-raising, futures brokers, third-party payments, microcredits, letters, insurance brokers, etc., to open up new channels for the realization of flows and to try to build a conglomerate of wealth.
High elasticity of performance growth; growing corporate wealth conglomerates, diversification of financial services, expected, macroeconomic downside risks, and safe operation of Internet service platform systems.
In March 2010, the Eastern Wealth Network, the company's three major financial websites, were online and the customer and flow accumulation framework became operational. In January 2008, the name was changed to Eastern Wealth Information Company Ltd. In March 2010, Eastern wealth was successfully added to the Rushenzhen Stock Exchange's business board, with a stock code of 300059. In July 2012, the company obtained a licence to sell the fund.
In 2013, the “choice” financial data terminal came online. In April 2015, the company acquired Tibetan identical securities and officially obtained securities licence plates. In 2016, the company obtained letters and futures license plates. In October 2018, it was granted a public fund-raising licence and set up the Tibetan Eastern Financial Fund, which has so far issued six funds. In May 2019, the company acquired a public heart insurance policy.
In June of the same year, the Eastern Wealth Company, Yu Yu Yue Wealth Investment Management Company, Shanghai, was registered as a private fund manager and its scope was adjusted to “investment management, asset management”, and it introduced “good and good private fundraising” figure 1: Eastern wealth development history
1.2 The scope of operations and the development phase. The company is China's leading one-stop Internet financial services platform, with a portfolio of securities, fund sales, financial figures, Internet advertising, futures brokers, public funds, private fund-raising, securities investment and micro-credit.
As of 30 June 2020, Eastern Wealth Securities Inc. had 12 sub-divisions and 163 operations.
The company is a typical representative of the Internet+finance platform, which uses a rich flow base and M&As to obtain financial plates, build a conglomerate of wealth and realize multi-layered flows. Its development is in three stages: phase I, 2005, starting with the portal, building up customer flows through financial and economic information and financial information services, and through continuous optimization.
(b) Phase II: acquisition of securities licence plates in 2015, realization of flow realization on the basis of flow advantages, development of brokering and blending operations into major corporate business and transformation of retail securities; phase III: acquisition of public funds in 2018
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company's operating income was $5,946 million, an increase of 92.00 per cent over the previous three quarters; the net return to the mother was $3,398 million, an increase of 143.66 per cent over the same period; both data are over 2019.
The company's main business is currently securities (brokering and financing coupons), financial e-commerce services (fund sales), financial data and advertising operations, etc. In the first half of 2020, the income and share of the business were, respectively: securities businesses, since their listing in 2010, both business earnings and net return profits have been on the rise, with operating income from 2010 onwards.
Up to 92 per cent of q1-q3 in 2020, with cross-cutting growth; net profit returns from mothers rose from 67 million yuan in 2010 to 61 per cent, surpassing for the first time the share of financial data services and advertising services; and in 2015, the impact of market booms and liquidity was further demonstrated, with the Fund ' s sales revenue rising significantly to 2,442 million yuan, with a higher share.
The cost of R & D has steadily increased, providing technical support to companies in the construction of the financial biosphere. In 2019, the number of R & D personnel increased from 655 in 2013 to 1726 in 2019.
There is still a steady upward trend, providing a constant impetus for future technological innovation, flow development and cost reduction in companies. Figure 7: Number of East wealth researchers and development workers and their share of the workforce.
High-quality user experience and financial and economic analysis to lay the foundation for the accumulation of flows The Eastern Wealth Network: launched in March 2004 and has for many years, with its authoritative, comprehensive, professional and timely advantages, committed itself to providing a variety of financial information and letters of credit, funds, futures, bonds, foreign exchange, banks, insurance, etc.
It has become one of the most accessible and sticky financial information platforms in the country. According to the Irene consulting pcweb index, Eastern wealth over the past year (October 2019-September 2020) has been the largest source of information.
Tens of thousands of people, lagging behind in the new business, leaving out their competitors in the same way, and in the financial world, and so on. Shares: “Shares” on the line in January 2006 are one of the most active Internet-based interactive platforms in the country, where spontaneous exchanges of interaction and sharing of experiences among users are a major attribute.
Secretariat units, popular themes, consultations, bulletins, research papers, etc.; platform users can interact with content of interest, and make them more sticky. Sky Fund Network: the website was launched in March 2007 and the platform was established to provide funds mainly for offline investors
Consultancy and screening tools, with good user experience, have accumulated a large number of users. In July 2012, the company acquired the Fund’s substitute license plate, the Sky Fund Network became the first vertical financial website to receive the Fund’s licence plate, and the first flow realized through the Fund’s proxy mode, with its main income being the cost of the sales process and the revenue from the later commission.
The data cover a variety of types of data, such as stocks, funds, bonds, indices, commodities, foreign exchange and macro-industry, 7 x 24 hours of real-time transmission of information and research. The module contains a high-speed flow of information, multi-dimensional data, thematic statistics, capital.
Information, studies, various financial models and applications, etc.. Functional data collection statistics, data extraction and data disaggregation are integrated, providing institutional investors with an integrated solution for fine-tuning and specialization in in-depth research.
App. According to the Ere data mobile app index, in September 2020, Eastern wealth amounted to 43.2 million monthly independent devices, ranked third in the industry, second only in wisdom, and second in the industry; but it ranked first in the traditional coupons app, with clear advantages compared to the third echelon ' s high-breathing wealth, Milky Way, wide-sale securities, gold-grabbing, etc.
In terms of user sticky, the total useful use of Eastern wealth app monthly was 0.41 per cent as of September 2020, and the number one industry: Eastern wealth app effective use rose from 0.18 per cent in October 2019 to 0.41 per cent in September 2020, with a steady upward trend and growing user stickyness.
As of June 2020, the number of cellular users in China had risen to 932 million, an increase of 855.5 million over the same period last year, and the Internet, according to the 46th Statistical Report on the Development of the Internet in China, published by the China Internet Information Centre (Cnnic).
The proportion of people using mobile phones to access the Internet is as high as 99.2 per cent. Figure 12: Size of the Internet population and Internet penetration (thousands, per cent) Figure 13: Size of the Internet population and its share of the Internet population (thousands)
The rapid growth of the Internet, the improved network environment, and the rising user experience have contributed to increasing the number of Internet users. As the mobile Internet scene continues to grow, the information security environment for the Internet users has improved further, and the user experience has continued to improve, further promoting mobile Internet use.
As of June 2019, the number of Internet finance users in the country stood at 170 million, an increase of 1,835 million compared with the end of 2018, representing 19.9 per cent of the Internet population and a growth rate of 12.1 per cent per annum.
The growing demand for investment from investors in our country has created a space for development in the Internet financial services industry, which will have significant development opportunities. Companies are the country’s leading integrated Internet financial services platform, with the East’s wealth network at its core.
An Internet-based financial services platform that brings together Internet finance portals, financial e-commerce platforms, financial terminal platforms and mobile end-of-pipe platforms to deliver Internet-based platform-based products and services to large-scale users. The Internet financial services platform run by companies, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has become the most accessible and sticky user in the country.
One of the highest Internet financial services platforms, the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and the Share Bar, has a long-standing competitive advantage in the number of users and their consistency, and has a market lead position, forming the firm’s core competitiveness. Companies have experienced two flow realizations.
The sale of license plates, the flow orientation of the three major websites, was followed in 2015 by a dramatic increase in the volume of the Fund's sales, which became a rich public flow build-up, and the two main platforms, the Eastern Wealth Network and the Equity Bar, which once again played a leading role. The following year, the corporate securities industry broke out, outpacing the Fund's sales performance, becoming the company's most profitable business and continuing to the present day.
In 2018, the company obtained a public fund-raising licence, formally began the transformation of wealth, and subsequently launched six funds and integrated the development and marketing process. The company actively distributed the wealth ring and improved the financial chain. The Department has now obtained a licence plate for: fund exchange, securities, public fund-raising, private fund-raising, futures brokerage, third-party payments, micro-credit,
In April 2015, the company acquired the Tibetan Constituency Securities (renamed the Eastern Wealth Securities) and became the country’s first Internet Securities Corporation with a full licence plate.
Financial advisers in relation to portfolio investment activities; securities self-employment; securities asset management; portfolio fund swaps; sales of financial products: full licence plates for securities operations, such as securities coupons, securities underwriting and insurance, to provide securities for large-scale users; services are an important part of the Eastern one-stop Internet financial services platform.
Since the acquisition of the securities license, the company has focused on the development of securities brokering and finance coupons, 2020 h1, with two operations contributing, respectively, 61.25 per cent of the securities brokerage business, 30.86 per cent of the finance voucher business, and two business pairs.
Commitment of less than 2.5 per 10,000 commissions, rapid market share of corporate securities brokering, large Internet user base and highly competitive financing interest rate (6.99 per cent), two advantages, a rapid upturn in the corporate market and a steady increase in revenue, with the market share of corporate finance coupons rising as of 2020 h1
The size of the sales of the Fund and sales revenue have continued to grow since the company obtained the Fund ' s licence plate in 2012, and the number of funds sold has remained at the top of the Fund ' s sales agencies, with strong fund sales capacity and industry leadership, both of which have been in place since the year.
Figure 19: Size and speed of sales of corporate funds (billion yuan, %) Figure 20: Number of corporate fund-raising funds ranked 3.3 Promulgated Promulgated Property Management Transition
In October 2018, the company obtained a public fund-raising license and established the Western Tibetan Treasury Management Company Limited through the full capital of the Eastern Wealth Securities Company Ltd., marking the company’s official transition to wealth management. In December 2019, the company issued its first fund, the index-based fund, the “Foundation 50”, with a size of 159 million yuan.
In September, the company released its first mixed fund, the “Mixed in Quantities in Eastern Wealth”, followed by its second mixed fund, the “Selection in Eastern Wealth”, and a mixed fund, the “Selection in the East Financial Information Industry” to be released. As of October 25, the TFI has a total of six outstanding funds, with a total size of 2,945 million yuan.
The introduction of public fund-raising operations marks a new phase in the construction of a wealth ring for companies that will move from single sales to product development, integrate the development and distribution of funds, improve the financial segmentation of services, and generate additional revenue, such as fund administration fees, that are expected to compensate for the decline in commission rates and the increasing intensity of the competition in the industry.
Losses due to competition for market share: as at 30 June 2020, there were 8,729 fund managers on the line for a total of 140 funds, and the Internet-based financial e-commerce platform had achieved a total of 76,757,139 fund recognitions (including firm offers) and sales of funds
A total of 61,152,876 non-monetary funds were accepted (with a specified investment) and sold at $289,965 million. During the reporting period, there was a significant increase in the turnover of corporate e-commerce business funds and a significant increase in revenues from financial e-business operations. The size of the domestic public fund (netd from the base) remained biased.
Small, far from the current global volume of gdp (16.59 per cent); hence, there is still much room for development. 3.4 Financial data services and advertising services have kept their share of revenue at more than 90 per cent for the year.
In addition to the fund and securities business, the company is actively developing insurance for sale. In May 2019, the company completed a 100% acquisition of shares in Shanghai's People's Heart Insurance Brokerage Ltd.
Replenishment, formal entry into insurance brokerage; Shanghai People ' s Heart Insurance Brokerage Ltd., official change of name in September 2019 to Eastern Financial Insurance Brokers Ltd. As of 28 October 2020, there were 12 products sold under insurance insurance, and the Māori rate in insurance substitution was much higher than in the Fund, relying on pre-existing flows to accumulate and expand future flows, insurance generation
The company, as an Internet finance company, has a strong platform flow advantage and a high elasticity in the growth of securities and funds; the Department’s increasingly well-developed wealth conglomerate, and the diversification of financial services and the prospects for corporate wealth transformation and operations.
Eastern wealth (300059) depth reports a significant decline in market turnover, increasing competition in the market, less-than-expected wealth transformation, lower-mortality risk, and security risks in the operation of Internet service platform systems.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.