Eastern wealth (300059.sz) non-monetary financial/equity flows, technology, ecological empowerment, wealth management that shines east — the depth of the Eastern Wealth Company
• Corporate Overview: Successful Internet coupons, which have collected 47.21 per cent in the last five years. Eastern wealth was established in 2005 with the launch of financial advisory exchange platforms such as the Eastern Wealth Network, stock cafés, and the Sky Fund Network, which are always at the forefront of financial and economic websites.
From 2014 to 2019, companies received, returned, and empowered: brokers and blended businesses ranked 18 to 20, and the portal network was in the forefront.
To benefit from the top flow advantage of the corporate finance portal, the securities business income in 2015-2019 was 122.10%. Individual users of securities in companies accounted for nearly 90% of the total, securities brokers and blended businesses combined with eco-enabling: the fund was placed in the first echelon of sales, and daily funds were becoming more eco-friendly.
In 2016-2019, the revenue from the operations of the financial e-commerce service was 12.38%, the size of the fund was 29.12%, and the income and size of the fund was at the top of the market. At present, the number of sales funds and the number of acting funds are divided into 5530 and 141.
• Science and technology enablers: nearly 40% of R & D staff, financial terminal managers
The number of R & D personnel in companies is nearly 40%, with R & D spending of $305 million in 2019, and investment is rising year by year. High R & D inputs guarantee companies a technological lead, and corporate financial terminal products cover stocks, solid receipts, funds, commodities, foreign exchange, macros, etc., and can provide extra plug-ins, quantitative interfaces, etc.
Tools, tools, functionality and access to Eastern wealth securities accounts. 2020h1, corporate gold banking operations generated revenue of $84 million, an increase of 6.92 per cent over the same period, with a positive rate of growth.
Companies are the core subject of domestic financialits, securities are well ranked, and fund sales have long been steadily increasing, 2019-10-21. Semi-annual profit growth of 55.88 per cent, net interest rate
2019-05-30. At present, the stock market is active, the earning effect is clear, and the Eastern wealth bond is stable.
In the Fund's operations, the volume of transactions in our funds has steadily increased, there is a clear advantage in corporate flows, and the high rate of growth in the Fund's sales is expected to be sustained. We expect public-rich securities brokers to earn 30.35, 35.32, 4.35 billion yuan. The total size of the domestic market is 45%.
10 per cent, 10 per cent, or 2.4 per cent, or 2.7 per cent, of the two-combined wealth markets in the east, and the sale of wealth in the east were calculated as follows: financial data services increased by 102 per cent over the same period in the third quarter of 2020 in the context of Eastern wealth; users of daily funds performed well and product types continued to expand. Assuming that the market mood in the Fund's trading markets was maintained, it was expected that the market mood would continue.
The SkyFoundation Network, the Eastern Wealth Financial Terminal, is still dominated by guests, and the Eastern Wealth School is still in the process of development, with revenues expected to be almost equal between 2020 and 2022. (1) The 2020q3 stock exchange market is experiencing a high level of sentiment, and this report combines the three-quarterly reporting of high performance by companies.
and recent policies and events such as the capital market registration system, “t+0”, which suggest that the company's recent performance has exceeded market expectations and that market share increases are expected to increase; (2) we place greater emphasis on the importance of the company's technological and developmental capabilities, and that financial end-products are expected to continue to provide flows to the securities business, and the product of the fund's sales operations.
Multi-operational synergies are expected to be further demonstrated as the public license plates are gradually filled up. The country’s stock market is growing in volume; the equity policy maintains the healthy dynamism of the stock market and upgrades financial markets.
Assets allocation functions; the Fund’s market returns are rising and the Fund’s circulation continues to grow. Under the company’s banner, the net traffic is increasing.
Market shares have not risen as expected, and financial portal flows have declined.1 Corporate profiles: successful Internet coupons, cagr up to 1.1 over the last five years, historical evolution: “Financial portals, fund sales, securities industry”
Eastern Wealth was founded in January 2005, formerly Shanghai Treasure and Information Technology Ltd., the same year's company, the East Wealth Network, which provides timely and comprehensive financial and financial information: 2006 online investor interaction platform, the Share Bar; 2007 establishment of the Fund's vertical portal, the Sky Fund Network, which provides information and production for the Fund.
In 2012, the company acquired a third-party fund sales license, which opened the way to a "flow plus license" . As the size of the company’s business and its clients expands, in 2015, the company acquired Tibetan shares, formally entered the securities industry, and then acquired futures.
Brokering, fund-raising and private fund-raising licences, and financial sector licences, have become more and more complete. To date, companies have become a major Internet service platform with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, bringing together Internet finance portals, financial e-commerce platforms, financial terminal platforms, and mobile end-of-pipe platforms.
The Great Web Services platform has become one of the most accessible and sticky Internet service platforms in the country, such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network and the Equity Bar, which maintain a long-term competitive advantage in terms of the number of users and their stickyness, and have a market leader and form the firm's core competitiveness.
Figure 1: The history of the company 1.2, the chairman's holdings are strong, the core team has a strong history of ownership, and the chairman has a strong structure of ownership. According to the company's three-quarters report in 2020, the director of the company is his own.
The third and fourth largest shareholders of the company have a relationship with their real fathers and wives, with 34.56 per cent of the shares, other shareholders have a relatively fragmented share, and the chairman has a firm control over the company.
The chairman of the board has been in securities business for many years, and the executive team has had a great deal of experience. The chairman of the company actually graduated from Shanghai Transport University in 1993 with a bachelor's degree in engineering and science, and entered the securities market in 1992, and then engaged in futures, securities, finance and innovation.
In 2005, the Eastern Wealth Network was created as a composite military leader in the country’s Internet finance industry. The number of companies and 56,38.25 million (1.32%), with incentives of 84 and 156, grew by 92% in the first three quarters of 2020, with performance rising every year.
In the first three quarters, $5,946 million was collected, representing an increase of 92.00 per cent over the previous three quarters, resulting in a net return of $3,398 million to the mother, representing an increase of 143.66 per cent over the year 2019, and the report revealed that performance growth was mainly the result of a significant increase in revenues from financial e-commerce operations and securities operations.
Cost-side controls are well under way and profitability is rising steadily. Management costs increased significantly in 2016, mainly Eastern wealth, rich securities operations, and management costs increased significantly on a par (Eastern wealth securities were included in the corporate portfolio since December 2015 and only Eastern wealth securities incurred in December 2015 in 2015) for almost two years.
The ability to control has steadily increased, with sales costs, management costs, financial costs divided into 8.6 per cent in 2019, 37.68 per cent, companies gradually completing the restructuring of their business structures, and profit levels gradually rebounded, with Māori sales rates of 73.55 per cent in 2019 and net interest rates of 43.28 per cent at the parent rate, a significant improvement over the same period.
The main activities of the company are securities, financial e-commerce services, financial data services, and Internet advertising services.
Financial e-commerce services are provided mainly through day-to-day funds, which provide third-party sales services to users. The day-to-day funds rely on the wealth-based Internet services platform of the East, which has accumulated significant user resources and good brand image through financial e-commerce.
The platform provides a one-stop Internet self-fund transaction service to users. Financial data service operations: are carried mainly by the financial data terminal service platform, which provides specialized financial data services to large-volume users via pc end and mobile end platforms. Internet advertising services: mainly for clients in the “Oriental Wealth Network” and various professional channels, inter se.
In 2016, the company continued to increase its portfolio as a result of the acquisition of Tibetan equivalent securities, with 2020h1, with corporate securities accounting for the total.
The Fund's sales are mainly based on the 24/7 Fund website and the Sky Fund app, which have a clear cost advantage, and the Māori rate is consistently around 90%. Advertising services and financial data services account for a relatively low share of 1% and 3% of 2020h1. We believe that, with the transfer of corporate operations to securities and financial management, Eastern Finance Network and Sky Fund
The network's business focus has shifted to the flow of its securities and funds for sale, so that advertising can be sold less. At the same time, financial data services are dominated by low-price inflows and the corresponding data service costs have decreased.
On 30 March 2015, Eastern Wealth paid for 100 per cent of the international securities for Eastern Wealth in cash, and on 8 December, Eastern Wealth invested 15,430.5 million shares in the Utun Group and Tibet to purchase 100 per cent of the shares of Tibetan identical securities, officially entering the Mainland and Hong Kong market securities industry, mainly in securities brokering, securities self-employment, etc.
Asset management, etc. Based on the flow base of the Eastern Wealth Network and the Sky Fund Network, the corporate securities business income of households has accumulated a large group of c-sharers, which has also led to a higher corporate income structure in the finance coupon business and securities brokerage business, 2020h1, corporate securities brokerage, futures brokerage, interest income in the securities industry
2.2. Sub-line channels are expanding steadily, and there is a clear advantage to live on the line, with 15 new branches and 12 more than at the end of 2019. At the same time as the under-line shop is expanding rapidly, the company has remained more efficient, with an average income of 17.8 million yuan in 2019 from the Eastern Stock Exchange.
The average profit of the Ministry of Commerce was $9.68 million, exceeding 17 and 18 years. 2020h1, the efficiency of the Ministry of Commerce declined as a result of the new crown epidemic, but the performance of the company increased rapidly in the second half of the year, and we expect that the efficiency of the Eastern Department of Financial Securities will continue to improve throughout 2020.
In 2014, the company published the Eastern Wealth app of the mobile end-product, which features stocks, funds, futures, finance, etc., in an effort to build a one-stop platform of value-added wealth. The main advantage of the product was that it traded financial and economic information and shares, which greatly enhanced the user’s experience with large amounts of information accumulated at the end of pc.
According to data, in September 2020, the stock exchange class had the highest share of homogenous mau, 34.12 million, and the Eastern Power, with 14.3 million, with far more active users than other coupons. We believe that the Internet, genetics, and the importance of technology inputs have made companies more sophisticated and sensitive in their transition to mobile ends.
This explains why companies are now more advantaged by moving the end end than by other securities dealers. 2.3. Brokering and blending markets continue to grow, with individual users accounting for nearly 90% more than securities brokers, and individual customers accounting for nearly 90%.
In 2019, there was a steady increase in corporate sales and sales of securities (including seats). In terms of customer structure, companies had a significant Internet feature, 2020h1, the company agent's face, the voucher association disclosed data, and in 2019 the share of securities traded by customers of Eastern wealth securities agencies was limited.
10.65% is significantly lower than the median in the industry. At the same time, the commission rate for eastern wealth securities (net income from securities brokerage/agent trading of securities transactions (equity + funds + bonds)) is 1.8%, which is significantly higher than the rate for other securities brokers in 2019
According to the securities association, the share of interest earned by the company declined significantly in 2017 and then recovered gradually, with interest income earned by the company at $770 million in 2019, accounting for 92.38% of interest earned on the company ' s financing class, and an increase of 11.59 pct in the same year, significantly higher than industry.
The share of interest earned on the two-way business shows that corporate finance operations are dominated by two-fold operations, with equity pledges and so on, which are relatively lower than those of their peers, and are more concentrated. The corporate two-way business capital is also dominated by individual clients, with the company ' s two-way balance of $19,392 million at 2020h1, of which the individual and institutional financing balance is 98.27 per cent.
Interest income and share of two-way Eastern wealth securities, balance of funds and market share of Eastern wealth securities, which are significantly higher than industry averages. Eastern financial securities have been working since 2016.
In 2016-2019, the average value of the industry rose from 8.09 per cent to 5.65 per cent, while Eastern wealth rose in the month of 2016-2019, when companies issued a transferable plan to raise up to 15.8 billion yuan in credit transactions, and expanded the size of the financing voucher operation to no more than 14 billion yuan in securities investment operations to no more than 1.8 billion yuan in November.
On 11 November, the company disclosed the results of the non-public issuance of corporate bonds for 2020 (first issue) (for professional investors), which was $2 billion in size and 3.70 per cent in face value. We believe that the successful issuance of bonds would be beneficial to the company in expanding the size of its financing coupon business and in further upgrading the Roe level.
Eastern wealth securities versus industry assets and liabilities The East wealth equity net assets and roe association ranks very well. From industry association rankings, companies have steadily increased their rankings, overall.
Thirty-three, up to one-third of the industry. In the main business, companies are trading securities and trading 20 more than total receipts and assets. In the last two years, the East’s net wealth net asset returns have been at the top of the industry’s list, reflecting a very high level of profitability, and the Ministry’s average agent trading portfolio is ranked first in the ranks.
There is a clear advantage in the high flow of Internet coupons. 2.5, Eastern wealth network flows are firmly in the forefront, with enabling group operations at their core. Eastern wealth network flows are clearly superior, with advertising slots serving mainly the rest of the group's business.
Established in 2005 to provide timely and comprehensive financial and financial information to attract companies to large numbers of users, it is now one of the country's most visited and sticky vertical financial portals, which is the central channel through which companies channel their flows. According to the Ere advisory data, October 2019 - September 2020, Eastern Wealth Network monthly
In September 2020, the Eastern Wealth Network reached 61.36 million people per month, after the new economy, ranking second, with 17.7 million people per month covered by the same money and finance website for the same period. In contrast to the income from the Eastern Wealth and the same flower advertising business, the same flower advertising business has earned significantly higher revenues than the Eastern Wealth for a long time.
In 2019, the same-soon advertising business generated $462 million, and the Eastern wealth was $87 million, contrary to the ratio of the two portals. We believe that the main reason is that the Eastern wealth network serves mainly the Eastern wealth securities, the Sky Fund, etc., and that the same-slow advertising posts are sold to other dealers in addition to the same service.
The top page of the Eastern Wealth Network, the top page of the Sky Fund, the top page of the Internet, 3 and the eco-enhanced: the Fund has sold 12.38 per cent of the proceeds in the last three years.
The Fund's App Ecology is getting better online in 2007 and has been awarded a sale license for the Fund in 2012. The Sky Fund Network (domain name: interest, net daily value of the Fund, valuation on the Fund's board, the Fund's online routing platform and the education channel for investors, etc.)
In 2012, the subsidiary, Shanghai Sky Fund Sales Limited, applied for a licence to sell securities investment funds, and on 20 July of the same year, it began to market securities investment funds externally and became the first independent fund sales machine approved by the CSRC.
With the advantage of its professional, timely, comprehensive and authoritative financial platform, the Sky Fund Network provides one-stop financial management services to a wide range of investors. As of 30 June 2020, the cumulative sales of the Sky Fund Network have increased steadily in the amount of nearly $350 billion.
Revenues from the Fund ' s sales and sales peaked in 2015 as a result of the heat of the market, and since 2016 the Fund ' s sales operations have gradually improved, while revenue from corporate financial e-commerce services operations in 2016-2019, cagr, is still growing at a high rate.
At present, our third-party fund sales agencies, such as the Eastern Wealth (the Sky Fund), the Hoyoshi Fund, the Ants Fund, and the Good Buy Fund, are in the lead. In 2020h1, the Day-to-Day Fund sales revenue was 1,143 million yuan, second only to the ants (the sum of 2,059 million yuan).
Daily Fund income grew by 102.25 per cent, and during the same period the ants fund, homogenous and good-buying funds increased by 136.33 per cent, 152.96 per cent and 31.19 per cent. In a context of high volume, daily funds continued to grow at a higher rate than in line 31: Revenue from major fund-dealing corporate fund sales increased at a higher rate (%)
Intermediaries for the Fund’s profit-making model. The Fund’s income consists mainly of subscriptions/requirements, foreclosures, management fees, hosting fees, sales services, etc., both of which are related to subscriptions/requirements, foreclosures, management and sales services, and third-party agencies. The Fund’s cost-receipt companies are charged based on negotiations between the agency and the Fund’s firm
The amount of money charged to the fund company by the fund’s sales agent is related to the volume of the fund’s transactions and the stock of the fund. Of this, the amount of the fund’s subscription/requirement, foreclosure, revenue from sales services and newly discovered funds, as well as the active nature of the fund’s transactions, is directly related, while the management fee and the stock base are related.
3.2 As of 20 October 2020, the number of funds and the proxy base of the day-to-day fund had increased.
The number of gold companies, which are divided into 5530 and 141, sits in the first echelons of third-party funds. We believe that the number of funds is sufficient to enrich day-to-day funds as opposed to competitors in the product category, while also reflecting a stronger partnership between the public and the fund company.
The number of corporate funds (as of 2020.10.20) is constantly enriching the product lines, creating ecological closures, and promoting the frequency of transactions.
Investment needs and risk preferences continue to expand the product matrix, with the launch in 2013 of the Monetary Fund's 7* 24-hour finance facility, which is readily available and popular among investors. In 2019, the Fund is now able to provide a variety of financial management tools, such as funds, current treasures, index treasures, portfolio treasures, fixed investments, etc.
It can provide activities such as a finance-relaying course that enhances user stickyness, creates ecological closures, allows users to trade more frequently and more, 2020h1, compared to 76,751 million purchases by the Financial e-Commerce Achievement Fund, which may be higher for younger consumers than for the same year.
The Sky Fund's app interface is constantly building up its research capabilities to assist investors in their decision-making. Building on the research methodology of the Fund abroad, and taking into account the realities of the domestic market, the Sky Fund Research Centre has created a unique 3g body of research.
From the source, the fund pool is screened for re-engineering indicators, and through field research on fund companies and fund managers. An in-depth study of macroeconomics and securities markets is conducted to develop proposals for asset allocation of a broad range of types.
Selection of fund products that match client risk preferences and characteristics, and the purpose of helping clients achieve value added for wealth.
3.3. The Sky Fund network has continued to improve, with a marked advantage of the piping, the number of active daily users and the number of page views. The Sky Fund network was established in 2007 as the Fund ' s advisory portal, and the data is in the forefront of the industry. According to the company ' s annual report,
In 2019, the daily average number of page views on the Sky Fund was 42.49 million, of which 5.7016 million were on trade days and 1,391,000 on non-trading days, and remained high since 2016.
The number of users is 1.5305 million, the average number of non-trading users per day is 64.26 million, and it is still on the rise from 2016 to 2019. The daily network of funds showed a similar decline in the year 2019, and we believe that, mainly as a result of the moving end-app stream, the proceeds of corporate fund sales will grow steadily, as reflected in the sales volume of the fund.
Compared to their counterparts, the flow advantage is clear. According to Ignorance, in October 2020, the number of active users of the daily fund was 4,121,000, well above the number of ants and land companies that had applied for life during the same period.
In terms of the Fund ' s sales website, according to Irey, the monthly coverage of the Sky Fund Network is much higher than that of the Foundation ' s website, with a wide range of users, with 6.57 million people per month covered by the Sky Fund Network in September 2020, compared to 1.4 million and 840,000 persons covered by the Alfida and summer Foundations during the same period.
3.4 In 2018, the size of the asset management was increased to 2,561 million yuan in public fund licences, which were officially issued. In December 2019, the Tibetan Eastern Fund officially released the first of its kind, the Tibetan Eastern Financial 50 Fund, which was made up of 159 million yuan; and in 2020, the amount of the fund was raised to 2,561 million yuan.
The company has continued to issue a total of three stock-based index funds, namely, “Team Treasure Communication”, “Team Treasure Enterprise”, “Team Treasure Medicine and Health” and “Team Treasure Quantities” and “Team Quantities Quantities” and “Team Quest Quest” and “Team Quest Quest” and “Team Quest Quest” and “Team Quest for the Financial and Information Industry” combined three mixed-type funds, of which “Tein Quantue Questa” are prominent.
As at 13 November 2020, the Fund had a total return of 45.37 per cent, with the same ranking as 88/860. As at 13 November 2020, the total net assets of the TFIF stood at 2,561 million yuan, the size of the Fund was seven and the Fund was expanding rapidly.
For 0.15 per cent, the hosting rate was 0.05 per cent, which was well below that of the same fund, and the funds subsequently issued gradually returned to the industry average, with the share-indexing fund management rate hosting rates of 0.50 per cent and 0.05 per cent; and the hybrid fund management rate hosting rates of 1.50 per cent and 0.10 per cent.
4. Science and technology empowerment: R & D accounted for nearly 40% of the R & D staff, financial terminal enablers for 4.1, 2020h1 financial data services increased their revenues at a positive rate, R & D accounted for nearly 40% of Eastern wealth financial terminals divided into personal and institutional editions.
The melting data terminal service platform is a vehicle that provides users with specialized financial numbers via pc end and mobile end platforms. The company’s financial products now consist mainly of the Eastern Wealth Finance Terminal (personal version) and the Academy Finance Terminal (institutional version).
The income from the rich financial data service service fell from 249 million yuan to 158 million yuan, and the revenue from 2020h1 was 84 million yuan, an increase of 6.92% over the same period, with a positive rate of growth. Financial data and trade software providers, such as smoothness, wisdom, wealth trends, did not grow at a high rate during the same period, and we believe that the stock exchange market will continue to grow by 2015.
In addition, activities such as the “open-account gift to members” of the company’s products are also having a certain impact on income. The revenue comparison of major financial terminal software companies (millions of dollars)
In comparison with the growth in revenues of major financial terminal software companies (%), the share of R & D personnel in companies is nearly 40%, and the investment in R & D is increasing year by year. From Internet companies, companies have a clear S & T corporate identity, with a high priority on R & D, and the number of R & D personnel is about 40% over the long term.
Research and development expenditures have also risen year by year, reaching 305 million yuan in 2019. The company has developed a stable, hard-core technology research and development team, has developed a range of core web technologies on its own, continuously optimizing and improving existing Internet service large platform systems, and has conducted in-depth research and follow-up on new technologies and industry forward-looking technologies in the field of the Internet.
Strong technological R & D power and core technological reserves provide a solid technological base for the company’s subsequent and sustained development. 4.2. Financial end-products are technologically good, with enabling group operations as the core personal financial terminals: Eastern Wealth Financial Terminals provide mainly business information, information, investment transactions.
These services, of which the Eastern Wealth Professional Investment System charges $6980 a year, add a variety of unique features such as exclusive dk point decision-making, control of lifelines, fast trading, short line radar, online questioning of shares. Eastern wealth financial terminal prices, and functional support are mainly used to service Eastern wealth securities accounts and to exchange income for flows.
For example, the traditional version of the melting terminal, whose main function covers market performance data for major global markets such as stock markets, debt markets, futures, funds, etc., is fully functional, while providing stock technology analysis, macro and corporate data, and up-to-date information. The terminal supports securities trading functions that allow for direct recording of securities accounts for Eastern wealth securities.
The financial terminal for Eastern Wealth (classical version) The financial terminal for institutions: the financial terminal for schools is a specialized financial data analysis and investment management software, and the content of the terminal covers data services in the areas of stocks, solid revenue, funds, commodities, foreign exchange, macro-industry, etc.
Products, which provide application tools such as excel plugins, quantitative interfaces, portfolio management, etc., are constantly improving. The function of the financial terminal is particularly rich and essentially meets the user ' s professional financial data analysis and investment management software, and is dedicated to providing financial data and related services of high quality to financial institutions, academic research institutions and professional investors.
The terminal covers the areas of equities, solid revenue, funds, commodities, foreign exchange, macro industries, etc., and provides application tools such as Excel plugins, quantitative interfaces, portfolio management, information-gathering, statistical analysis, and application dryness, which are essential tools for participants in financial markets. In addition, Choice has launched a mobile end-of-school data app to accommodate multiple scenarios.
The choice financial terminal interface provides data services and quantitative interfaces, which are designed to assist users in making accurate, informed and timely assessments and decisions.
Financial varieties such as finance, bonds, futures, options, shares, and ports, providing basic information, bulletins, financial figures, etc., can provide users with up-to-date data through multiple data transmissions, and support multiple database formats such as sqlserver, mysql, oracle.
A more flexible and lightweight way of accessing financial data can provide a wealth of base, financial, historical, etc. data content in the form of a functional call to support data analysis and strategic excavations by users. Currently, c++, python in the Mac environment.
The current market mainstream securities analysis terminals include:
The rate is close to 90 per cent, and according to the information disclosed by the Shanghai Joint Property Exchange in 2016, in 2016 there was a million yuan operating income, a net profit of 826 million yuan, a high net interest rate of 62 per cent and a very high profitability, which we believe is largely due to the high degree of user stickyness and ecological barriers in the corporate version of financial terminal products and software production.
In 2016, the Vande company was valued at nearly $19.6 billion, reflecting the market’s good expectations for the corporate gold-emitting data service industry. According to public research, wind’s end-product cost is $60.8 million, and the product itself is intended to exchange securities for openings and advertising, and because of choice.
Products are in the process of market opening and need to compete through price reduction.5 Market environment: capital market reforms are moving ahead in an orderly manner, market transactions are moving forward, capital market reforms are moving forward in an orderly manner, and relevant legal documents are being issued.
The General Standing Committee considered the adoption of the revised Securities Act of the People ' s Republic of China, proposing the full implementation of the registration system. In April 2020, the Central Committee for Comprehensive and Deepening Reforms considered the adoption of the " Corporate Implementation Scheme Reform and Pilot Registration System " , the reform and pilot registration of the entrepreneurship boards, which resulted in no increase or decrease in the number of newly listed enterprises in the first five days of their listing.
In May 2020, in response to the Board of Representatives’ recommendations on capital markets during the two National Conferences of 2020, it was stated that “the study will be introduced into a single t+0 transaction”.
In the meantime, with the policy adjustment of capping, t+0 and foreign transactions, our securities market will become more active, helping to increase the revenue from brokering and blending operations.
Pre-reform indicators will benefit significantly from the capital market’s deepening reform dividend. 5.1. Stock market transactions are active and earning effects are evident. Market transactions were active in 2020, with a steady increase in the two-mixed balance.
In October of the same year, the balance of our securities sector financing voucher was 1.52 trillion yuan, an increase of 57.10 per cent. At the same time, a fund has continued to grow steadily and its size has increased steadily.
This represents an increase of 232.91 per cent and 99.19 per cent for the ring. As of 2020q3, the net value of our Fund's assets stood at 17.8 trillion dollars, investment options were growing in diversification, and the Fund's size was expected to continue to grow.
The proceeds from the brokering of Eastern wealth securities are 30.35, 35.32 and 4.35 billion yuan. The total size of the domestic market is 45 per cent, 10 per cent, 10 per cent, and the total share of Eastern wealth markets is 2.1 per cent, 2.4 per cent and 2.7 per cent. It is calculated that the Eastern Financial Data Service, combined with the Eastern Wealth Quarterly 2020, reveals a 102 per cent increase in financial data services over the same period; and
Market-trading sentiment, we expect a 100% increase in revenues from corporate financial data services in 2020. Considering that space-based short-term companies, such as the Sky Fund Network and the Eastern Wealth Financial Terminal, remain predominantly client-oriented, Eastern Wealth Choice is still in the research and development phase, and therefore is expected to have a roughly equal income between 2020 and 2022.
In 2020, the stock market was active, the earning effect was evident, and capital market reforms advanced in an orderly manner. Eastern wealth was a central target of a share of financialsit, and websites and ad-flow advantages were significant.
The market for State funds was active, with the share of new funds rising significantly in 2020q3, high corporate fund sales, lower macroeconomic performance, lower stock market transactions, increased competition in the market for fund sales, higher market shares in corporate securities, less than expected, and lower shares in financial and financial web flows under the corporate umbrella.
1 Māori rate, ebit rate, net interest rate 2, net profit and its annual growth rate