Mid- and Far-Sea Energy (600026.sh) 3rd Quarterly Report 2025: q3 net profit from mother + 4.37%, September boosted performance expectations
Events: 3-quarter report for Middle-Range Sea Energy (600026.sh) 2025: Oil operations: 1-month td3c-tce close to $80,000 per day in September, boosted 25q4 financial effectiveness Foreign trade oil operations: 25q1-3 cumulative gross profits of $1.79 billion, down from 1.79 billion
Intra-trade oil operations: 25q1-3 accumulated gross profits of $1.02 billion, down by the same year, other operations: ng transport operations maintained robust and rpg transport operations gradually released profits. ng transport operations: 25q1-3 accumulated net return profits of $674 million, corresponding to the base
Middle-Earth Sea Energy (600026.sh) 2024 Annual Report, Extended to Western Market lpg Transport: 25q1-3 accumulated gross profits of $50 million, up from the same amount
Near and Far Sea Energy (600026.sh) In-depth report: All-round oil pipeline, undervalued supply and demand to good asset value Chemical transport operations: 25q1-3 cumulative gross profit of $50 million, year-on-year decline
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. Goldstone Building No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.
Risk factors: over-expected reduction in crude oil production; over-anticipated expansion of fleet size; under-enforcement of environmental regulations; geopolitical risks. Major transport areas such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, new wealth in 2021 and 2022, 2022
This year, I joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc., and in the courier, logistics, road, etc. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.