Middle and Far Sea Energy (600026.sh) +4% net return for the third quarter.
The Middle and Far Seas have been able to publish three-quarterly reports in 2025, with a positive increase in their performance. In the first three quarters of 2025, the Middle and Far Seas were able to raise $17.11 billion, or 2.6 per cent, and the mother's net profit was approximately $2.72 billion, or 21.2 per cent; First, there were many reasons, such as the increase in the Atlantic pallet, the continued increase in production of opc+, and the opening of the oil arbitrage window.
The demand for crude oil transport has increased significantly, driven by a rapid increase in the price of vlcc, driven by fundamentals, with an average daily return of $76197 per day on the market of the January month of Vlccctd3c (Middle East-China) and the expected elasticity of the performance of the quarterly oil tankers.
Intra-trade oil transport business has seen a decline in Māori over the same period, and ng has performed well. The company ' s intra-trade oil transport business has accumulated a gross profit of $1.02 billion in the first three quarters of 2025, a decline of 9.7 per cent in the same year, and a gross profit of $360 million in the first three quarters of the same year, a decline of about 15 per cent in the same year.
A diversified business structure has been formed, operating multi-purpose business plates such as tankers, ng, lpg, and chemical transport, and entrusted with managing the warehousing docks, where ng transport operations accumulated their contribution in the first three quarters of 2025, resulting in a net profit of $674 million from the mother, which is more or less equal in performance.
The pattern of oil supply and demand is still relatively good, depending on the price of good luck. On the demand side, on the one hand, the increase in production of OEC+ is expected to lead to a recovery in the demand for crude oil by sea, and, on the other hand, since the beginning of the year, the weak demand for oil from Iran and Russia in the Middle and Far Seas (600026.sh)-24 has led to a pressure on performance.
Sanctions are expected to bring more black market demand back to the compliance market. On the supply side, the delivery of crude oil vessels remained low in 2025 and, as global sanctions against black market oil progress, the black market ship Middle Sea Energy (600026.sh) - Q3 performance is under pressure due to weak demand for foreign trade oil.
Middle and Far Seas Energy (600026.sh) - The oil finished in the first half of the year was strong, and the oil value of the season was strong.
1710.0 million yuan, equivalent to -2.6 per cent, representing a net profit of about 2.72 billion yuan from the mother, 21.2 per cent from the previous period, and a warming of foreign trade oil transport operations in the third quarter of 2025, resulting in a significant increase in freight prices in September. The company ' s foreign trade oil transport operations accumulated a gross profit of 1.79 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2025, a decline of 43.2 per cent from the previous quarter, and a gross profit of $50 billion in the third quarter alone, the same amount.
The United States dollar/day represents an increase of about 16.5 per cent over the same period last year. Beginning in September, the demand for crude oil transport increased significantly, driven by multiple factors such as the increase in Atlantic palleties, the continued increase in production of opc+, and the opening of oil arbitrage windows across the zone, and the price of the vlcc shipment rose rapidly, driven by fundamentals, with an average daily return of $76,197 per day on the market on the single month of September ' s vlccctd3c route (Middle East-China)
The performance of oil-carrying companies in the four quarters of the year is expected to be flexible. Māori in the intra-traded oil transport business has fallen year-on-year, and ng has performed well. The accumulated gross profits of oil-carrying companies in the three quarters of 2025 were $1.02 billion, a 9.7 per cent decline in the same period, and $360 million in the single three quarters.
At present, the company consolidates its diversified business layout and operates diversified business structures, such as oil tankers, ng, lpg, chemical transport, etc., and has been entrusted with the management of the warehouse terminal operations section, where eng transport units accumulated $674 million in net profit from the mother in the three quarters of 2025, which is more or less equal to their performance.
On the demand side, on the one hand, the increase in production of OEC+ is expected to lead to a recovery in demand for crude oil by sea, and, on the other hand, since the beginning of the year, the United States has tightened its sanctions against Iran and Russia, with the hope that more black market demand will return to the compliance market. On the supply side, the delivery of crude oil vessels in 2025 will continue.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.