21 March 2023: the company published its annual report 2022. In 2022, the company achieved gross operating income and net repatriation, respectively.
q4 income continued to increase at a high rate. q4 in 2022, total company operating income, net return and net lost profit increased by 71.76 per cent, 6.46 per cent and 111.8 per cent, respectively. The main reasons for the decline in net profit were the net return on investments, the decrease in net gains on fair value changes and the impact of the increase in impairment losses on assets.
Sub-operations show that in 2022 the chemical industry earned $28,850 million, an increase of 104.79 per cent over the same year; the test business, biology business, cellular and gene therapy ctdmo operations, respectively, increased their profitability. In 2022, the company ' s Māori ratio increased by 1.01 percentage points to the same rate.
The Māori rate rose by 0.49 percentage points to 40 per cent for the chemical business, 0.02 percentage points to 38.75 per cent for the testing business, and the Māori rate for the new drug research and development services in the country decreased by 17.68 investment proposals from the same year: the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration are evident.
Discontinuation of recognized commercialization projects, expected growth in wuxichemistry revenues is 36-38 per cent, and the projected increase in tides (new molecular operations in wuxichemistry) is nearly two times the overall growth rate of wuxicemistry; other business plates (wuxitting, wuxibiology, wuxiatu)
Expectations, underdevelopment of the workforce, risk of failure in drug research and development, loss of large clients, industry: “market index” for this rating system,a index with a depth of 300; three indexes for the three new frames of reference. Investors are only suited to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low” risk, and “stable” investors are only fit to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.