Events: Annual report 2022 by Pharmacán Condé. Business income of 39,355 million yuan (+71.84 per cent for the year ended 2022, net profit to the mother of $8,814 million (+72.91 per cent for the year), continued improvement in management capacity and business efficiency. In 2022, the company achieved integrated Māori.
In \triangleright, the delivery of major commercial orders and efficiency gains significantly reduced the cost of companies and increased the number of business synergies driving firm robust growth. 1) Chemistry: 28,850 million annual revenues
In the year \triangleright, the chemical plate continued to build capacity, completing the third phase of the production of the Changzhou plant, and the use of the Chinese headquarters, and will continue to promote Changzhou, Tinless, Delaware, Singapore in the future.
(ii) Building capacity. 2) Tapping: 5.72 billion (+26.4 per cent) of the total annual income, including 4.14 billion (+36.1 per cent) in laboratory analysis and testing services, 46 per cent in single-censorship operations and 46 per cent in clinical laboratories, which will be operational in 2023.
The company transferred a commercial car-t product technology and signed a Tesa technology agreement with Jansen. The company expects atu operations to be commercialized in 2023.) ddsu: Full.
It is expected that the company will start to earn a share of sales in 2023, and that about 50% of the complex integrated platforms will support long-term development over the next decade, and the new business layout will open up the upscaling space.
Crdmo, ctdmo's business model is improving, with clients using multi-sector services contributing $36.74 billion in 2022 (up from 87%).
Long term, 2023 is expected to be the year 2023.
Annual revenues will continue to grow by 5-7 per cent; of these, excluding specific commercialization projects, chemical business revenue projections risk factors: increased industry competition, declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical sector, domestic and international policy risks, new business expansion less than expected.
Stewardin, member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel, joining the Sinda Securities in 2021 for research in the cxo industry, and research in the sub-innovation medicine industry.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics from the University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. He was a researcher at the Minya Foundation, joined in 2022 to study the medicine charge and raw materials industry. Oh Shein, a team member, a graduate in biomedical engineering and master's degree at Shanghai Transport University, joined in April 2022 to study medical appliances and Chinese medicine plates.
Zhao Xiaoshan, a member of the team, a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from the Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 to study the professions of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.