GIFO (300122.sz) Medical Group Agent Hpv vaccine rapid release, self-research product steps
Over the years, the vaccine industry and companies have evolved, and the company has managed to take advantage of the opportunity, the size and the speed with which it has grown. At this point, we believe that the future company's Hpv vaccine market space has the potential to expand significantly, that the nodule matrix is entering a rapid release period, and that the new crown vaccine is being developed.
1. In the present report, we have undertaken an in-depth analysis and analysis of the company ' s main varieties and R & D pipelines in order to provide a broad picture of the new era and new circumstances in which the company is about to develop.
2. High Growth in General Performance, High Quick Release of Hpv Vaccines - ICBI Investors provide investment references. 3. Autonomous and Agent Products Resonance, Performance Growth Excellence - ICB Year
The Hpv 9-year-olds and the five-priced Hpv vaccine and the five-priced Hpv vaccine are all heavy-pound products. Since November 2022, the nine-price Hpv vaccine has been in operation in many parts of the country.
After the first injection, the income is expected to exceed $30 billion in 2024; the number of rounds of vaccine issued in the country and the rate of coverage in the city of Mercerdon are on the rise. The tuberculosis product matrix is rich, and micro-ca plus yeka has a significant advantage.
The microcard is the first vaccine to prevent the incidence of diseases in infected populations around the world. It can also be used as a co-medication drug for the treatment of tuberculosis. The card and the microcard were listed in 2020 and 2021, respectively, as the country's epidemic was under control.
Optimization, with an improved environment for the marketing of nodule products, in 2024 Micagayeka earned three research bases that are steadily moving forward, and 29 are working on projects to improve core competitiveness. The company has six product matrices, such as the nodule product matrix, the rabies vaccine matrix, and so on.
The rabies vaccine product is now on the market. In 2022, there was an increase in the incidence of influenza, the company's four-priced flu virus fission vaccine has completed 111 clinical trials and is expected to become the company's new channel of marketing, and we appreciate the company's leading edge in the domestic vaccine industry.
Changes in immunization procedures; lower-than-expected progress in research and development; adjustments in cooperation with Mercado; under-promotion and marketing of products; risks of government policy adjustment; and increased risk of bad debt.
In March 2021, the co-developed new coronary virus protein vaccine (cho cells) was put into emergency use, providing protection to more than 100 million people by the end of the year.
The share of proxy products is increasing and the Māori rate is declining. The increase in sales of autonomous products in 2021 led to an increase in total gross profits by 10 percentage points to 49.0 per cent in that year. As corporate incomes expand, agent sales, overall Māori levels are optimized and R&D costs stabilized.
The growth in the size of the team and the continuing increase in the cost of sales are far faster than the increase in the cost of sales, while sales rates are optimized and overall efficiency is increasing. Research and development inputs continue to be added to the code, and the cost of research and development remains stable. Overall, corporate receivables continue to increase, with a downward trend in the cost rate during the period.
Figure 5: The sales and management rates show a downward trend The agent and self-research twin-tracking 11 products are being sold The company is mainly represented by Mossad for five products. The company is home for the four-priced Hpv vaccine of the msd agent in 2017.
Msd has yet to represent a five-priced rotavirus vaccine, a 23-price pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine, and a live hepatitis A vaccine. The company now has six self-research products on the market, namely, acyw135, ac-sugar, hib, microca, Iyka, and the reorganization of the new crown vaccine.
Agent product: The Hpv vaccine market is promising, Mossatung has a significant nine-price advantage, and our Hpv vaccine batches have increased significantly, with penetration rates rising by almost 7 percentage points over five years. In recent years, our total Hpv vaccine issuances have increased significantly, with a cumulative Hpv vaccine in 2017-2020.
The number of issuances increased from 1.46 million to 15.44 million, with an annual compound growth rate of 219%. According to three vaccinations, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine was expanded to 9-45 years of age in Mercer East, which will further open up the stock market and the Hpv vaccine is competitive, and the nine-priced Hpv vaccine is better protected.
In terms of preventive effects, only Mossathon received a 4-priced and a 9-priced Hpv vaccine, with an efficiency gain of 70% and a 9-price increase to 92% for the prevention of Hpv cervical cancer. Most recently, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine produced by Mercadón was approved by the National Drug Control Service, and the number of women in China has increased from 16-26 to 9-45 years of age.
The development of Hpv vaccine products in the country is continuing: Shanghai is now at 4 to 9 prices, Chengdu at 4 prices, Conservatives at 3 to 9 prices, Ricco biology at 9.
The Hpv vaccine in Mercado has a pre-emptive advantage and the future of the Hpv vaccine market for men is promising, and the Hpv vaccine, which has intensified its research and development into the country’s blue sea market, has increased rapidly in the United States of America.
Young people, with at least one dose of Hpv vaccine in 2016, 48.8%, 57.5%, and Mossathon, with the Chinese male market for a nine-priced Hpv vaccine, have conducted a iii clinical study. In October 2021, Mercer Dong launched a 111-year test to evaluate the nine-price Hpv vaccine among Chinese men aged 20-45.
In March 2022, the total age range was expanded to 9-45 years, and it is expected that the city share will increase further.
Rotary viruses are one of the main pathogens that cause diarrhoea in infants and young children, and their main infection is small intestinal cortex, which causes cellular damage and causes diarrhoea. Rotary viruses are transmitted by means of manure. They infect intestinal mucous cells bound to small intestines and produce intestinal toxins, which cause gastrointestinal inflammation and cause severe diarrhoea.
Rotavirus vaccine in our country is a type II vaccine, divided into national production of single-priced rotational vaccines and imported five-priced rotational vaccines, both of which are administered orally.
G4, g9, which resulted in rotavirus gastrointestinal infestation for infants aged 6-32, requiring a total of three doses throughout the entire process. The distribution of vaccines against Rotavirus was on the rise in China between 2017 and 2020, with a total of 7.31 million doses issued in 2020, compared with an increase of 83.2 per cent in 2021 in Lanzhou.
Short-term domestic competition for Rotavirus vaccines is still good. The 111-priced Rotavirus gene recombinant vaccine in Lanzhou is now declared for production, with two products in clinical stage 3 and some in clinical phase 2 and one. Proxy products: rapid growth in the issuance of Pneumonia vaccines and completion of clinical trials in self-research products
Pneumococcus is the most common form of pneumococcus, which kills more than 1 million children every year in developing countries. In China, pneumonia is the leading cause of death among children under five in China.
In 2020, the 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine was issued with 17.4 million doses, 83.7 per cent more than in 2019, benefiting from the new coronary pneumonia, and 66.9 per cent less than in the same year.
Bed test, 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine, 111-stage clinical trial. Multivalent pneumococcus combination vaccine, autonomous product: a mixture of tuberculosis products, micro-ca+Yeka double-wheel drive Tuberculosis is a highly contagious respiratory disease, increasing the number of new cases to 6.4 million in 2021
Tuberculosis is a respiratory infectious disease caused by tuberculosis infection, which spreads through tuberculosis patients coughing, coughing, sneezing into the air, and is likely to be infected if healthy people inhales a flyer with tuberculosis. People living with HIV, people with low immunity, people with diabetes, people with dust lungs, elderly people, etc. are vulnerable.
Treatment is easy to produce drug-resistant tuberculosis. Once the patient is resistant, has a low cure rate, and has a high cost of treatment. At the global level, according to the 2022 Global Tuberculosis Report, the number of newly diagnosed cases of tuberculosis reported has decreased significantly, from 2019 to 2020, to 18%, but recovered from 2020 to 2021.
The estimated number of patients with multi-drug/Liforpell resistant tuberculosis is also increasing. The number of patients with multi-drug/Lifoupin resistant tuberculosis rose from 437,000 in 2020 to 450,000 in 2021.
The incidence of tuberculosis in China has shown a downward trend over the past 10 years, with a rise in mortality rates. In 2021, the number of cases of tuberculosis in China was 640,000, a decrease of 30,000 compared to the previous year, a decline of 4.6 per cent compared with the previous year.
The number of deaths from tuberculosis fell from 2990 in 2019 to 1919 in 2020, a 36 per cent decline over the same period. In the last 10 years, the country's tuberculosis mortality rate has been “u”-type, with 0.22 in 2010 and 0.17 in 2014 and 2015, rising from 2016 to 0.21 in 2019.
The number of tuberculosis patients in our country is second only to that of India and Indonesia. In 2019, the Health and Welfare Board launched the General Higher School Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases, which provide vaccination for teachers and students in higher education.
School and mobile tuberculosis prevention and treatment efforts, along with enhanced proactive screening of key populations. In 2020, the China School Tuberculosis Control Guide was issued, emphasizing tuberculosis control for a wide range of teachers and students.
Reassemble the collusive protein (ec) for the diagnosis of the collusive infection of the coil, which is not affected by BCG vaccination, and which can also be used to support the clinical diagnosis of tuberculosis. There are currently three methods (tst), v interferosol release test (igra) and ec, of which tst has the advantage of being operational, but is vulnerable to BCG.
The reorganisation of bacterium collide (ec) incorporates the advantages of the first two, with simple, specific and sensitive operations. ec was approved for listing by the National Drug Control Administration in 2020. ec was listed on the mainland in 2022.
More than 87% of provincial units in the region have been connected to the network, and 27 provincial units have been invited to bid.
The number of teaching staff has increased steadily over the years at a rate of 3.0 per cent. Microcard has the dual advantage of preventing and treating tuberculosis, and is expected to be rapidly released in 2024.
Accompanied treatment for chemotherapy, microcard, the world’s first vaccine against the incidence of tuberculosis bacterium infection, is currently administered to the 15-65-year-olds. Under our scenario, the size of the microcard market is expected to hit a billion yen by 2024. The microcard is working with ec.
The “diagnosing prevention-treatment” system for tuberculosis was set up in 2022 in more than 87 per cent of provincial units in the mainland region of the country: the micro-card-based population of latent infections has a large base and is therefore expected to become a new growth point in the company's performance. (3) Micro-card vaccines need to be administered six times, at a cost of RMB 398 per person, at a total cost of RMB 2388 per person.
Autonomous products: The number of new coronary cases abroad has continued to increase, the rate of new coronary vaccine booster penetration has yet to increase. Globally, the new coronary vaccine is active and the booster vaccination is steadily increasing. As of December 13, 2022, the number of new coronary virus vaccinations worldwide reached 5.47 billion.
5 billion people, or 62.5% of the world’s total population (8 billion). The number of people who have been vaccinated against the new crown boosters is only 2.7 billion, only one-half of the number, and there is much room for improvement in the future. In January 2022, the Indonesian Drug Enforcement Authority approved the National Commission for Health and Hygiene, and placed it on the market in March, providing a response to the prevalence of the new crown.
Figure 28: New crown vaccinations 5.47 billion people worldwide Figure 29: Global new crown vaccine boosters 2.7 billion doses
On 29 November 2022, the State Council issued the Work Programme for Strengthening Vaccination against the New Crawl Virus for the Elderly to accelerate the promotion of vaccination against the New Crawl Virus for the Elderly, with recommendations for vaccination.
On December 13, 2022, the State Council issued the Second Enhanced Immunization Implementation Programme for the New Crown Virus Vaccine, which states that all vaccines approved for listing or emergency use can be used for the second dose, and recommends that priority be given to the scaling up of immunizations. The vaccinations focused on people at high risk of infection, older persons over 60 years of age, and people with more serious basic diseases.
Groups and populations with low levels of immunisation are given a second dose of increased immunization based on the first dose. Nine vaccination programmes are given and the second dose of enhanced immunization is required to last more than six months.
Meningocococcal disease is an epidemic of meningitis caused mainly by meningitis Nether, with the highest incidence among infants under the age of December. The major clinical manifestations of meningitis are fever, brain irritation such as headaches, vomiting, skin bruises and strong neck lines, and abstinence changes in the cerebral vertesis. If not treated in a timely manner, it causes death, with a mortality rate of about 20%.
From 35% to 35%. Meningococcal disease can also result in permanent disabilities (e.g. brain damage, hearing loss, cognitive impairment). Of these, a, b, c, w135, y are the most prevalent bacteria in the world today, with China predominantly a, b, c, w135, 2016-2020, with the total number of vaccines issued for meningitis rising from 3,918,000 in 2016.
In 2020, 54% of the company ' s acyw 135 meningococcal multi-sugar vaccine market and 35% of the market for meningococcal multi-sugar vaccine.
Children of age. The effectiveness and safety of the Hib combination vaccine, one of the non-immunized planned vaccines listed earlier in the country, has been recognized by the market. According to the IPC ' s Hib combination vaccine and the issuance of the joint vaccine, the main ones are four: the Hib combination vaccine (single seed), the ac-hib combination vaccine, and the haemophilus influenzae influenzae influenzae type 100-b combined vaccine (IV).
The combined vaccine (for children under five years of age, both non-immunized, and the Hib combined vaccine and the combined vaccine are alternatives. In 2020, the total number of Hib combined vaccines was 71 per cent higher than the previous year, of which 3.7 million were issued.
Only, the market share has risen to 42%. As a result of the alternative effects of the Hib co-vaccination, the total distribution of the Hib combined vaccine (one seedling) declined in 2014-2019, but recovered to 2018 levels in 2020.
Re-registration will suspend the production of the ac-hib vaccine. In 2015-2019, ac-hib combined vaccine issuances were 489/22/460,644.42 million, respectively. iii Clinical trials at the company ' s frozen-dry ac-hib joint vaccine service will not be available on the market for the ac-hib joint vaccine in 2022
Issuance, expected to restore market size when the ac-hib joint vaccine is re-listed.In research products: 780 million rabies were issued in 2020, and the company's two products were on the market, i.e. rabies are an acute infectious disease caused by rabies virus, known as watery diseases, mad dogs, etc.
Effective treatments, close to 100% death after clinical symptoms, and the only active immunological agent used to control and prevent rabies are the rabies. In recent years, the total quantity of rabies vaccine issued by our people has been maintained at over 50 million bottles, with the rise of pet breeding habits.
In 2019, our rabies vaccine was issued in a batch of nearly 60 million bottles, a decrease of 53 per cent in 2019 compared to the same period last year. In 2020, our people issued 780 million doses of rabies vaccine, about 33 per cent more than in the same year. The company currently has two products: the rabies vaccine (vero cell) and the rabies vaccine (Vero cell) and the rabies vaccine for the rabies.
(mrc-5 cells) are on the market, and the market is open. The rabies vaccine products currently on the market can be divided according to the use of the cell matrix: double human cells, vero cells, gore kidneys/convict cells, in which the vero cells are the dominant product, mainly because of the use of suspended cell cultures and their training.
In research products: influenza vaccinations surged in 2022, four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine completed clinical iii. Influenza is an acute respiratory infection caused by influenza, as well as a disease with a high rate of transmission.
It is transmitted mainly through air spatters, person-to-person contact or contact with contaminated objects. Levels for the same period of year (3.1 per cent, 3.5 per cent and 3.6 per cent). 11.1 per cent reported by the North Province post hospital was 2.5 per cent lower than the previous week. Chart 38: Influenza sample cases in the South Province as a percentage of the total number of emergency cases
Figure 39: Influenza sample cases in the northern provinces as a percentage of the total number of emergency cases per cent of the country ' s influenza vaccine batches have fallen to their highest levels in the last seven years of 2020. Influenza vaccine batches have been rising since 18 years, mainly due to the global outbreak of influenza A (h1n1) in 2009-2010, with more infections in the country than in the past.
100,000 people, the public’s willingness to inoculate, and the need for influenza vaccines have increased dramatically. The company’s four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, which is in its 111th phase, is expected to become a new contribution to the company’s performance in the future.
The Hpv vaccine class: 10,000, or 101.45% more than the previous year, is a heavy-pound product of corporate agents. It is expected that future procurement agreements will be signed with Mercerton, with a cost of $9,84,96 billion in Hpv, and a cost of $195,299,33.7 billion in Hpv.
Five-priced rota vaccine class: fast, and in the short term the country is still competitive. Based on a rough estimate of the number of births, about 9 million people of appropriate age are vaccinated each year, and 10.8 million were issued in 2020, with a rough estimate of 3 doses.
The product combines the advantages of the ppd pulmonary skin test (tst) and the highly specific properties of the interfera release test (gra).
Income levels are expected to reach 0.2, 0.4 and 80 million yuan between 2022 and 2024. The microcard vaccine, which was marketed in June 2021, has the dual advantage of preventing and treating tuberculosis. It is the first vaccine to be used globally to prevent the spread of diseases among people infected by bacterium tuberculosis, and is expected to reach 1.6, 6.2 and 1.140 billion yuan between 2022 and 2024.
We have selected four comparable companies for valuation. Reference is made to the comparative valuation of industry listed companies, taking into account the company’s prominent position in the vaccine industry and its vast market share, to give changes in immunization procedures: April 2022, WHO’s Strategic Advisory Group on Immunization (Sage) met to propose a bill.
The dose of Hpv vaccine provides reliable protection, which corresponds to the effects of the vaccination programme of two or three doses.Sage recommends the use of two or two doses; two doses for women over 21 years of age (a interval of six months).
According to the Wanthai Biology Proclamation, under the current National Drug Surveillance Policy, changes such as secondary vaccinations require a series of sleep beds, data support, and registration changes that will take some time to make a significant impact in the short term. But this will not preclude WHO and the domestic government from actively promoting immunization procedures for one or two doses.
There are now three research bases, 29 of which have been developed, and 16 of which are already under way.
If the company’s four-priced influenza vaccine, rabies vaccine, and ac-hib research and development progress are less advanced than expected, the company may be at risk of slowing down its performance. With its strong marketing capacity, the company has taken over most of the market of Hpv, and is working with Mercerton to stabilize.
The promotion of new products determines the speed of market penetration and has a more significant impact on the company’s performance. The company’s microcards and Iyka will enter the release period in the coming years, if the product is not accepted by the market.
The biomedical industry, one of our emerging strategic industries, has received a high degree of attention at all levels of government, and is more regulated by industry. The restructuring of industrial policy has the potential to produce, sell, circulate, etc.
As the volume of corporate sales increases and business expansion expands, the sales of agent and autonomous products expands and corporate receivables rises. If the risk of bad debt increases in the future, the related report rating ratios in the company market may be analysed