Three rings: al drives strong growth, and R & D continues to invest more widely in products Investment rating: increase (maintenance) in corporate business income of 25q1 by about $1,833 million, or 17.24 per cent, compared to the previous year
Mother net profit is about 533 million yuan, an increase of about 23.02 per cent over the same period; downstream market demand recovery, such as non-mother net profit 4.5 light communications; and 2) company high tolerance mlcc, plug-in and associated product release prices compared to a deep 300-way trend
• The company’s Māori rate has grown steadily, with three fees in reasonable range and high-end mlcc/ceramic cores and continued expansion of product applications
1) mlcc: The company has gradually moved beyond the key technology of mlcc production, making progress in both high-capacity and small-scale development, introducing a variety of car rules, work rules, disabling rules, mobile terminals, etc. Many high-capacity specifications have been delivered in bulk, and the share of customers has steadily increased.
The company will increase its research and development innovation in mlcc technology, and will continue to break through the technical barriers of mlcc, such as powder particulateization, media layers, thin layering, multilayered technology and high-precision equipment technology. 2) Ceramic plugs/hulls: the company develops high-speed light communications with multi-core mt cores, 24-core single-mode low-deficit specifications are in place.
Small bulk supply: The company continuously expands the high-end specification product for high-speed light communication casings, 400g tube casings have been produced, and the associated distribution module casings have been validated by the client and started to be supplied in small quantities. In addition, the company’s semiconductor sophisticated ceramic structural piece products are gradually being marketed, with solid oxidation.
In the future, companies will continue to dig for products related to optical communications, data centres, general semiconductors, vehicles, new energy sources, ai, robotics, biohealth, etc., and expand the application of diversified products.
2. A single quarter with historically high incomes, profit-seeking points Competition in the industry increases risks, raw material supply constraints and price volatility risks, downstream demand is less than anticipated. Research frameworks and financial analysis systems are mature, are good at analysing investment opportunities from the buyer ' s perspective, and are fully responsible for team-based e-industry research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.