The mlcc product line continues to improve, with robust performance growth throughout the year and a recovery in downstream demand driven by robust growth, improved profitability and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. On 24 April, the company released its 2024 annual report. (1) In 2024, the company achieved a revenue of $7.375 billion.
Demand is gradually recovering, companies are growing robustly throughout the year, and profitability continues to improve. Given that demand will continue to increase mlcc research and development inputs, the product matrix is constantly improving, and on the mlcc product, companies insist on technology research and development and are now moving beyond the key technology of mlcc production.
Quality upgrades and stable product delivery, progress in both high-volume and small-sized directions of development, introduction of a diversified series of rules, regulations, dissipation, mobile terminals, etc., with multiple high-capacity specifications already delivered in bulk, forming a relatively comprehensive product matrix. In 2024, with downstream consumption of electronics, vehicles, light communications, etc.
Field recovery, conversion of company inputs from previous R & D projects to positive results, and a steady increase in demand and share of mlcc product customers, with a marked increase in sales. • Active exploration of fine ceramics and advanced materials, and rapid growth in the construction of embedded beneficiary data centres
In keeping with its “material+” product strategy, the company has been active in digging up data centres, vehicles, mobile phones, and industrial controls in the fields of “2024o3” with a higher performance than ever before, with a high-mlcc potential for new markets. In 2024, the company continued to explore the integration of advanced materials with ceramic technology, with a more semiconductor concentrate.
Significant trends - Corporate Information Update Report (CIR) Ceramic Ceramic Structures products are gradually moving to the market and moving beyond the core technical barriers; the company is actively promoting research and development in the area of osteoporosis components, and the tri-ring “tc-bio ceramic hip joints” have been successfully passed through the national drug
Registration of the main files of the Authority's Medical Devices Technical Review Centre: company cores and related products benefit from the global 2024o2 performance and ring ratio, the construction of two major data centres has accelerated and sales have increased significantly on a year-on-year basis.
"Central recovery plus high-end product breakthroughs " . Company performance is expected to accelerate - company information updates