Hand-held high-quality lead and zinc silver ore, and made a powerful choice for precious metals.
In the hands of the high-quality lead and zinc and silver mines, they make a big choice of precious metals.
There is a great prospect of increased storage. Four prospecting rights in the Yulong mine are located in the top priority areas of the mega-chrome deposits, with a range of 41.11 square kilometres of exploration, and prospecting is continuing, with silver lead and zinc deposits and peripheral surveys in the thoese-Bate area showing a significant increase in copper reserves.
The acquisition brought the company about 84 tons of gold, about 208 tons of silver, high gold taste, up to 8.79 g/t, and low mining costs. The trading side committed itself to achieving a higher real net performance expected in 17-19, with broad growth prospects, with a first “uptake” rating.
Catalysts for share prices: the continued rise in gold prices: the acquisition of gold mining certificates on schedule: ground-breaking progress in outlying exploration; risk factors: price fluctuations for precious metals; lower-than-expected completion of the construction of the large rigs; uncertainty in the acquisition process; delays in processing the certificates; and less-than-expected progress in the construction of the inter-basin underground mining process.
She's a research assistant, Cindar Securities Co. Ltd.
We assume that gold prices will remain relatively stable for the next three years, and that the company Yulong's mining rig will be ready to produce in 2018 according to the construction plan.
In the main sector: Yulong Mining, as the company’s sole main mining site, is characterized by high resource reserves and a high average grade. The Māori rate for lead and zinc concentrates in 2016 was 88.46 per cent, 26.04 per cent, one of the highest rates of Māori in known listed companies in the country. The company’s mining areas are located in the non-ferrous metal-forming belts of the Great Hing and the northern edge of China, with very large prospects for exploration. The construction of the wells project contributes significantly to the production of the mines, and the project is expected to be operational in 2018, when the amount of ore disposal will be reached.
Silver and Thai resources are mainly engaged in silver, lead, zinc mining, and mineral marketing, and lead and zinc are industrial in nature and silver has a certain degree of industrial in nature, so the structure of the company’s products is relatively simple. After this acquisition is completed, gold is added to the value and risk-free properties of gold, and prices are determined differently from industrial metals.
The three gold deposits proposed for this acquisition, totalling about 84 tons of gold and about 208 tons of silver reserves, respectively, gold tasted 8.79g/t in Eastern Angry, 3.35g/t in Interstate Gold, and 4.56g/t in Gold Gold, all of which are high-grade rich in the industry.
Gold prices have continued to rise, certificates for gold mining have been obtained on schedule, and ground-breaking advances have been made in outlying exploration. This is almost equal to what we expected from our company in 2017, 48 times the size of the company.
Increased expectations, growth prospects, with “growth” ratings being given for the first time. Precious metal price fluctuations; lower-than-expected completion of the construction of the big rigs; uncertainty about the acquisition process; lower-than-expected processing of the East An gold mining certificate; and less-than-expected construction of the inter-basin sub-bain mining process.
Companies: Silver lead and zinc mines with a high grade stock actively acquired high-quality gold mines. In 2012, the company undertook a major asset restructuring exercise, placing the hotel business out and acquiring 69.47 per cent of the shares of the Inner Mongolia Yulong Mining Company Co. Ltd. held by Huin Feng, Wang Shui and Li Hongjing combined by issuing shares and cash. The company ' s main business changed from hotel and restaurant accommodation to a non-ferrous metal mine selection. In October 2013, the company acquired Yulong Minerals Hara.
The owner, Wang Ning, holds a 7.20% interest in the Yulong mine in Mongolia, and after the acquisition, the company holds a 76.67% interest in the Yulong mine.The Silver-Thai Group Minerals Group's marketing platform, Sino-Thai Investment Company, China, is a diversified industrial investment group, with retail, silver-Thai property, silver-Thai minerals, silver-Thai agriculture, silver-Thai City, silver-Thai investment.
The company's main business is the selection of non-ferrous metal mines and prospecting rights. Non-ferrous metal mining operations are mainly carried out by the Tyrones of the Sijumu flag, and the mineral resources are lead zinc.
Silver-metal mines, the product of which is silver-lead ore and zinc ore. The right-to-prospecting business is mainly carried out by the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Tesinda, which is active in storing new resources for the company as a risk mapping platform. 11.40%. The decline in profits compared to the previous year was mainly due to the lower grade of the original mine and the increased costs of intermediaries in major asset restructuring this year.
The Yulong mine, which is the largest single mine in the country (with its silver content), is characterized by a large resource reserve and a high average grade. According to the company ' s 2016 report, mining is one of the largest mining sites in the country.
Retention of resource reserves within the limits of the right: 30,868 million tons of ore, 4,937.74 tons of silver metal, 47,980 tons of lead metal, and 63,93 million tons of zinc. In 2016, the average number of selected leads in the mine was 1.96 per cent, zinc 2.83 per cent and silver 264g/t, with a silver equivalent above 510g/t, which is one of the richest mines in the country.a
In 2016, 146.5 tons of silver were produced, 155,000 tons of lead and 174,000 tons of zinc. The lead ore and zinc ore rates were 88.46% and 26.04%, respectively, one of the highest rates of Maori in known companies.
The construction of the wells project contributed to a significant increase in the production of mines