High performance and scale, good asset quality Events: In recent days, Chengdu Bank has disclosed three-quarter 2023 reports: parent net profit in the first three quarters as compared to +20.81 per cent Chengdu Bank (601838)
The rate of growth was smooth and the profit rate slightly decreased. The first three quarters of the year, when the company picked up at a higher rate than the previous quarter, was between 1.61 pct and 9.55 per cent on a smaller scale in the first half of the year.
Double-digit levels have been seen for 11 consecutive quarters. The company’s performance has grown at a sharp rate, largely as a result of the provision of counter-feeding and rapid expansion in size, which has eased the pressure on interest differentials and income taxes; and the slowdown in performance, mainly due to the increase in interest differentials and income taxes and a reduction in the provision.
The net interest differential goes down, and the scale expands fast. According to our calculations, the 2023.3 percent capital bank single-season net rate falls by 13bp compared to the q2 ring, with factors such as interest-bearing asset yields and interest-bearing liability cost ratios, lower interest-bearing asset ratios or lower co-led pricing; at the end of the debt, deposit life rates are lower than the q2 ring ratio.
Wang Qing Dynasty has achieved a steady improvement in the quality of assets and a slight decline in capital adequacy.
High, higher security, more risk-resilient and anti-bullying profits. q3 Core Level I capital adequacy ratio dropped by 33bp to 8.23%, with some regulatory buffer space.
The three major transformations of “detailing, digitization, large retailing” have been well developed and have a high potential to implement the business approach of “breathing deposits, expanding assets, crowds of powerful people, heavy compliance, plastic identity”.
I mean, it's the same speed of collection and performance.
Figure 2: Cumulative year-on-year growth in performance vs. Industry-wide level Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weighted roe and roa
Figure 6: Unsatisfactory rates vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsistence coverage vs. Industry Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a course of study at the Royal College of Honour and Financial Science.
It covers mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.