Performance continued to increase, with assets of excellent quality recovered on 29 October 2023, and profits continued to be high. 23q1-3 accumulated returns and net returns to mothers increased by +9.6 per cent, respectively.
\triangleright The demand for conversion to equity is stronger. \triangleright. \triangleright. \triangleright. \triangleright.
With rapid expansion, capital replenishment needs are stronger. As of October 26, the proportion of silver-to-equity debt that has not been transferred is about 65 per cent, which, if successfully transferred, will effectively supplement core-level capital and continue to invest heavily in credit.
In terms of size, the total assets of the 23q3 Mt. banks were invested, $15.8 billion was invested, and the q3 quarter contributed 69.0% (including discounts) to the increase in public loans, or benefited from the political and financial advantages of the region’s economy, which had been pampered for many years. At the end of the debt, there was a slight slowdown in the trend towards the periodicization of deposits.
Continued, 23q3 1-month deposits of $21.2 billion, all of which are increased by time deposits; end of 23q3 fixed 1. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) 23h1 performance report: performance climate boosted and bad pressure provision made up -
Quarterly review of the high growth of loan deposits, the poor rate of decline and the need to maintain a high upturn, to continuously optimize the risk offset capacity, and to provide ample space for the continued release of profits.
Performance maintained high, loan size maintained high growth, asset quality was consistently optimized, profitability was expected to be high, and the positive bank (601838.sh) fast-track performance report for 22q3 was projected to be as high as 23q3 (cumulative)
Figure 2: Summary bank net interest income as at 23q3 and rate of increase in median and year-on-year ratios (cumulative) Figure 3: Summary bank other non-interest income as at 23q3 Increase in year-on-year (cumulative) Figure 5: Summary bank total assets as at 23q3, total loans, total deposits on year-on-year increase
Figure 6: Portfolio banks as at 23q3 Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.