On April 26, 2021, a quarterly report was released on the re-Star medicine to collect, return to the mother's net profit and deductible.
The profits were 805.6 billion, 847 million and 658 million yuan respectively, an increase of 37 per cent, 47 per cent and 51 per cent in the same year. At the same time, the company announced that the controlling subsidiary, Xencheng Medical and Restar Medical, was to transfer all of the shares and debts held by it to the precipitous shares at a total value of RMB 550 million.
After the outbreak, performance has recovered, and new and new products have largely increased. (1) In the first quarter of the company, medical services have been completely out of the epidemic effects of the same period last year, fully recovering; pressure from the collection of lower prices on non-Busitas and other varieties, such as Titting, has been rapidly increasing in the volume of new and secondary items.
(2) We expect that after the addition of new capacity, only Han Littokon, Su Ko-Shin, Han Ku-Yu, Injecting Curtains, 2021, 1. Re-Star Medicines Assessment - Innovative Vaccines International, will lead.
Collections will reach nearly 3 billion yuan; the end of the drug will increase by 25-30% throughout the year. Optimization of the product structure will increase the company ' s profitability.
The leading Mrna vaccine in forward-looking international, 2021, or the creation of a high-elastic profit margin. (1) The new crown vaccine introduced by the company in partnership with Pfizerbiontech vaccine has been introduced in 71 countries around the world.
The main type of universal vaccination in Israel is the Pfizerbiontech vaccine, which shows data to be effective for variants. (2) Currently, the global epidemic is driven by the low vaccination rate and the spread of variants, 4. Short-term exposure to the epidemic, which is expected to be driven by new medications.
Since March, India has reached an all-time high of 350,000 new diagnoses. (3) If a company succeeds in introducing Pfizerbiontech vaccine in China in the near future, or leads to a more dissipation of real estate-related assets, a focus on the pharmaceutical industry, a sustained high level of research and development investment, and a focus on innovation.
At the same time, the company has continuously increased its R & D investment, amounting to $4 billion a year. We believe that a concentration of high R & D investment will result in a more optimized product structure and a rapid increase in profitability.
Policy implications, such as national collections, pose the risk of a reduction in the overall profitability of medicines.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment