It is proposed to establish a joint venture with the Biontech investment to see the future of Mrna's new crown vaccine market in the long term.
The company will each contribute 50% of the registered capital of the joint venture, of which the non-star pharmaceutical industry is proposed to contribute a total of not more than $100 million in cash and/or tangible or intangible assets, and the biontech is proposed to contribute a total of not more than $100 million in intangible assets, such as production technology and proprietary technology licences.
The pharmaceutical industry provides an annual production capacity of 1 billion doses of vaccines, and the biontech should complete the transfer of technology to provide the technical support needed for the production of the mrna new crown vaccine. biontech has committed to supply China with not less than 100 million doses of vaccines by 2021: according to 2020.
The Licensing Agreement and the Supply Agreement signed in December, before the joint venture localized the production and commercialization of the product, the Biontech shares the Māori at 65 per cent and 35 per cent shares of the Māori share of the Māori portion of the S.O.P. industry; the Biontech portion of the supply of the large packaging formulation, the S.O.S.S.A.
The pharmaceutical industry shares 60% and 40% of Māori. Biontech has committed to supply China with not less than 100 million doses of vaccines in 2021, and the first 50 million doses of vaccines in mainland China will be first paid out by 250 million Euros by 2020 (Euro125 million) and mrna's new crown vaccine by 2020.
The balance of the first orders will be paid after the re-stardry industry has received the new vaccine crown at Mrna, which will be finally settled on an annual basis. When the new crown vaccine at mrna has been released, it will bring huge elasticity to the re-stardry medicine.
1 Resurveillance Medicine (600196): /binotech ' s new crown vaccine 21q1 confirmed revenue of $3.462 billion, distributed as of 3 May
From 430 million new crown vaccines to 91 countries, companies expect to produce 2.5 billion doses in 21 years, fast-transformation in 22 years, medical plates to produce at least 3 billion doses, and we expect to be able to produce a new crown vaccine in the short term as it is expected to be released in the near future.
It's likely to bring a huge profit elasticity to the reintroduction. Our long-term judgment on the new crown vaccine market is that the new crown vaccination will go through two phases, the first phase will be about progress and productivity, and the first phase will be about the obvious benefits for the company represented by the smart-flying creature; and the second phase will be about the protection rate, and the second phase will be about the protection rate.
Cost and ease of distribution, we believe that smart-flying organisms, Conte organisms, re-starry medicine, etc., will have a profit prediction and investment rating: as the volume of company products increases, the results of research and development of innovative products are being delivered and research and development inputs are increasing, and the process of internationalization abroad is accelerating, we maintain the company.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board