The Center for Research on Medical Health, the Innovative Pharmacists for Growth, the International Lead for Innovative Vaccines,
During the evening of 1 April 2021, the company issued an announcement describing the progress of the survey on the suspension of vaccinations in Hong Kong, China, and in Macao, of the mrna vaccine bnt162b2 produced by the biontech.
Prior to that, on 24 March, the Hong Kong Government suspended vaccination of the new Pfizer Biontech vaccine, as a result of the discovery of a package defect in a batch of vaccines, ranging from a broken bottle to a loose bottle; this time, the Biontech confirmed that the problem was linked to the packaging of vaccines under ultra-temperature transport conditions.
Under ultra-low-temperature storage, air seepage pressure is more demanding for caps. (1) When products are stored and transported under ultra-low-temperature storage conditions (i.e., less than 70 degrees centigrade), the sealing of the caps is not tight enough and may lead to air seepage into the bottle, and subsequent re-sealing of the glue when the tundra process is carried out may cause pressure inside the bottle.
The increase has resulted in individual vials of overpressure or leakage. (2) The risk of bacterial contamination is low because vaccines are stored in ultra-low temperature environments. (3) It is prudent that vaccines in the “21,102” and “21,1044” batches will remain sealed until the final investigation report is completed.
1. Impact Recovering the Epidemic, Autonomous Research and Development and Strategic Impact of New Credentials, Rapid Reactions in March in a Multinational Country; Israel ' s Universal Vaccination against Pfizer Biontech, which has been shown to be effective for variants. (1) The number of new diagnostics added to the world every day has been increasing since early January to mid-February.
2. The effects of the epidemic have been gradually recovered, new medicines have been approved + released at a reduced rate, but the rebound has begun in March owing to low vaccination rates and the spread of variants; Brazil, Turkey, Germany, Poland, India, etc., have risen. (2) Israel is the world ' s largest new crown vaccination rate.
High is also the country with the largest decline in the number of additional diagnostics per day, mainly in the form of the above-mentioned vaccine by the biontech. According to the Israeli Ha’aretz, half of the population has now received two doses.
The Center's latest 13-week real-world study, released on 29 March, in the United Kingdom and Israel, shows that the first dose of the vaccine was 60% effective. New products are on the market, and traditional varieties are the driving force behind future growth.
New items, innovative instruments, and high growth in glandpharma will drive firms to grow fast. Taken together, considering the total volume of collections, the increased profitability of new drugs, and the impact of the epidemic, we adjust the risks of profit-for-profit new drug research and development and the marketing of new products below expectations.
There is a risk that the impact of policies such as national collections will reduce the overall profitability of medicines.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment