Respiratory Medicines (600196) 2020: new and sustained achievements in research and development and the growth of medical instruments
Industry classification: Medical biology main camp operations have increased steadily and medical equipment has performed well. During the reporting period, company pharmaceutical operations achieved $21,880 million in revenues, an increase of 0.52 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate was 61.54 per cent, a decrease from the same period last year.
4.10 percentage points. Medical instruments and diagnostics generate $5.217 billion, a decrease of 5.01 percentage points. The company’s pharmaceutical business has increased steadily, as a result of the introduction of six products, such as Misatana and Ngeley, into the fourth round of drug collection.
Increased sales of anti-imperial products such as nucleic acid test kits, negative pressure ambulances and respirators have led to a high growth in medical equipment operations, while the cost of research and development has maintained a high level of growth and the availability of new products.
The total number of research projects is 247, including 56 innovative drug projects, of which six are currently in the clinical ii phase. In August 2020, the company ' s new products, Han Kuo-Yu (injection of curly beads to fight), Su Ko-Shin (Maletty Arphate) were marketed, generating $140 million in revenue, which is responsible for the marketing.
The core products of anti-cancer and immuno-regime regulation have seen a significant increase of 138.39% over the same year. Companies are currently working on more projects and, as their research and development efforts continue to increase, they are either working on projects or moving towards harvests, providing more performance growth points for companies.
On March 13, the company released its annual latest equity incentive program, which targets 88 people, all core cadres that have a direct impact on the company’s performance and development. With this equity incentive program, the company is expected to boost core backbone motivation and team cohesion.
The interests of the core members are tied together, while locking in high-quality technology and managerial talent, to show that companies can continue to develop confidence, further enhance their core competitiveness, and enhance their market influence. Double, 19.38 and 17.21 times.
Air Capital Building S.S.A. Ltd.