The first cart to be approved by the Centre for Medical Health Studies, China, is the Kate cell therapy milestone. Market price (RMB): $67.23.
On 22 June 2021, the Nmpa network of the National Drug Control Authority of China (NDMA) published information on the pending receipt of the Resung Kate (50 per cent share in the company of the Resembly Medicines and Medical Industries Development Corporation of Shanghai, a fully funded pharmaceutical company) to obtain the drug approval certificate.
China’s first cart has been approved, and the first Chinese cart will start a new chapter in the history of Chinese cell therapy. Product: (1) Yeklissai injection, a cell therapy drug that is released to patients by genetic engineering, after editing the patient’s cells. (2) The object of the cart product is targeted.
cd19, adaptive to re-emerging or curable large b cells used for the treatment of second-line or more systemic treatments; adult lymphoma patients, including dlbcl non-specific types of amplified large b cell, prototyping b cell lymploma (pmbl), high b cell lymphoma and leachate lymphoma transformation
dlbcl. (3) This is China's first epochal treatment product, and its achievement of 1. "Assessment and approval of mrna vaccine capacity for the development of a re-star medicine " , marks the beginning of China's pharmaceutical industry's full possession of small chemical molecules, biomoleculars, cells.
A new phase in the history of innovative treatments, such as gene therapy.
After nine months of bridge-crossing experiments, production was declared and accepted in February 2020. The product was introduced and acquired the right to technology and commercialization in mainland China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Macao Special Administrative Region by the company Kitepharma, a company under the banner of Gilid Gileadscience.
3. Resurveillance Medicines Review - Innovative Vaccines International Lead, Market: Kate Pharmaceutical ' s product yescarta, approved in 2017 in the United States for treatment recommenced innovation stick-driven growth, 2021.4.2.
4. Epidemic Impact Recovery, Autonomous Research and Development and Strategic Cart Products, Reciprocal Large B Cell Lymphoma and Proto-Natural Disparityb
With the effects of the global epidemic, Yescarta continued to earn $607 million in sales in 2020, up 33% from $456 million in 2019. The risks of new drug development, mrna vaccines, and cart routes being built, commercialized, are not as high as expected.
The impact of policies such as the national collection of medicines risks reducing the overall profitability of medicines.zhaohc@qjzq.com.cn
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment