Wang Wei Chul, the first car-t to be put on the market into cell therapy.
On June 23, 2021, the company issued an announcement that the Re-Star Cat Division of Biotech (50% of the Re-starded Stockholding) had received the Medicines Registration Certificate issued by the National Drug Supervisory Authority, its cd19 target car-t cell therapy product, Achillennium Injection fluid (product code fkc 876),
Name: Queida, whose listing application has been approved by the National Drug Control Service, is an embedded antigen receptor (car-t) cell in human cd19, used for the treatment of specific non-Hoochkin lymphoma; this approved adaptive condition is used for the treatment of past acceptance II.
Adults with re-emerging or incurable large b-cell lymphoma following systematic treatment of wires or more, including diffused b-cell lymphoma (dlbcl) non-specific (nos), primary b-cell lymphoma (pmbcl), high-level b-cell lymphoma and dlbcl transformation of filtered lymphoma.
Introduction of car-t products into the field of cellular therapy: A joint venture with Kitepharma was established in 2017, introducing car-t products from Kitepharma into China, following prior technology transfer and bridge-link clinical trials, application for listing in June 2020, approval for listing in June 2021
At the end of the market, car-t is the latest cytotherapy product.
There are significant therapeutic advantages (e.g. Achillemese injection fluid for relapse/unresistible inert non-Hotchkinis institutional investors account for 93 per cent and 80 per cent for total relief of baroma) and have greater market potential at present.
Three of the world ' s approved car-t products, yesscarta, Kymriah, and tecardus, with global sales of about $563 million, $474 million and $44 million, respectively, had greater market potential in 2020. In addition, the restar car-t product was approved for lymphoma in the country.
Three-line therapy, and there is scope for future expansion in adaptive and one-second-line therapy. Innovation drives growth: since the company’s first bio-like drug in 2019 came to the market, the company has gradually moved into the R & D harvest period, and now approved bio-like drugs are favourable to the resistance of the past, to the tune of the ball.
The Adarwood Monopoly and the Small Molecular Innovative Medicine Afrotrapopa, followed by Sluly Monopoly, Bevell, Opicarpen, Glyph Insulin, Ryperm, etc., will be on the market, the product structure will continue to be optimized, and the innovation product will gradually become the driving force behind the growth of corporate performance.
Profit forecasting: Looking ahead, corporate innovation products are on harvest, mrna's new crown vaccine product is more resilient after approval, and the internationalization of the layout opens up room for future growth. My report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
The information in this report has not been independently verified.