A joint venture with Biontech to deepen vaccine cooperation.
Incident: On May 9th, the re-stardry announcement, the controlling subsidiary of the re-star pharmaceutical industry proposed to establish a joint venture with the biontech to achieve local production and commercialization of mrna ' s new crown vaccine product. According to the agreement, the two parties would each accept 50% of the registered capital of the joint venture, of which: the re-starry pharmaceutical industry was to be established.
s034013040002 Total value of gold and/or tangible or intangible assets (including plant and production facilities, etc.) not to exceed USD 100 million, total amount to be financed from intangible assets such as relevant production technologies and proprietary technology licences
Research Assistant: Lui Kuo-chung is the leading Mrna platform biotechnology company in the industry. Biontech is a company registered in Germany, which works mainly on cancer, infectious diseases and other serious diseases.
Biontech is one of the leading mrna platform biotechnology companies in the industry and has established larger production and manufacturing facilities.
Prerequisites for listing in commercial production (including but not limited to obtaining relevant licences and authorizations) are subject to further consultations with the parties concerned to determine the multi-factorial implications of the release or adjustment of new crown vaccine products in the region under existing agreements.
In cooperation with the Biontech, the new mrna vaccine was introduced and approved in Hong Kong and Macao in March, while continuing to advance the ii clinical trials in the Mainland; the biontech promised to supply no less than 100 million mrna doses to the Mainland in 2021, subject to compliance
In the light of the new cooperative intent, the restar pharmaceutical industry should provide a production facility with an annual capacity of up to 1 billion mrna vaccines and inject the facility into the joint venture as part of the financing.
The US government’s intention to open a patent for a new crown vaccine would have less impact on the company. After the European-American epidemic slowed, the US changed its support for a new crown vaccine patent to speed up the world’s response to the epidemic.
In the process of implementation, the decision will probably meet with opposition from the American pharmaceutical community and some members of the Congress, and will take longer to consider and eventually pass without knowing. In terms of technology, mrna vaccine technology is relatively advanced, even if it is open.
Patents are granted, and it is more difficult to be quickly replicated by competitors in the short term and to take over the original market. The biontech mrna vaccine is on the market, and even if the United States has opened a new crown vaccine patent, the short-term competition will continue to face viral mutations, shortages of raw materials, high R & D thresholds, insufficient capacity,
And new crown vaccines are generally subject to government price limits, with limited profitability. With the world’s overall rapid rise in vaccination rates and other technical barriers to production, the opening of patents in the United States has limited impact on the current leading vaccine industry.
Investment proposals: The company’s operations resumed rapidly in 2021, its reserves are abundant, its heavy product is consistently released, and deepening its collaboration with the Biontech is expected to increase its performance elasticity. We expect company lifetimes, increased competition, lower levels of new crown vaccines, lower returns on investment, etc.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.