Year 2020: Accelerating transformation of innovative products to the ground, medical equipment plate, 01st of 2021, eliminating the first payment of Euro125 million to the Biontech vaccine at the end of 2020.
After the explosion, the same caliber grew by 11.19%. Medical equipment and diagnostics increased significantly, and medicine and medical services remained stable.  Research and development investments continued to increase, and the number of innovative products on the market accelerated: cumulative research and development in 2020.
By means of autonomous R & D, co-development, licensing, incubation, etc., the public department has developed a pipeline around priority diseases such as oncology and immunology regulation, high 4 and complications, central nervous system.
By 2020, Han Likang achieved a sales income of 750 million yuan and used more than 50% of new patients. After the new products that started to be marketed in August 2020, market access was accelerated and actively promoted for inclusion in the health insurance catalogue, with revenues of about 140 million yuan.
At the same time, several products have entered the listing application stage, while hlx04 (reconfigured antivegf human source monogram antibody fluid) has been used for the transfer of colon cancer and late, transient or relapsed non-small cells.
The process of internationalization has been further accelerated by the export of innovative products abroad: the company-owned bcl-2 selection of an alternative small molecular inhibitor fcn-338 successfully authorized to develop, register, produce and trade overseas.
Industrialization, corporate licenseout entering a new phase, with the core driving force of corporate performance growth entering 1, Re-Star Medicine (600196): Four-way performance. In addition, the company and accord are aligned with their strategy to fight hlx02 through injection of the curvature sheet.
In line with expectations, innovative drugs have been successfully used for global cooperation in the field of eye therapy. Meanwhile, the group-controlled subsidiary, Glandpharma Sea! 2020-10-29.
A number of certified production lines have been established and run through mainstream regulatory areas such as the United States, the European Union, Japan, Australia, gmp 2, Restar Medicines (600196.sh): Deep-ploughing overseas markets.
With the impact of the epidemic, the capacity of health-care ecosystems to balance risks 2020-08-26 is significant in terms of global commercialization, and the marketing system continues to expand: companies continue to strengthen their marketing systems.
3. " Resembling Medicines (600196.sh): set up and integrated, currently with nearly 6,000 commercial teams, including the Commercialization of Innovative Medicines, Otc Restar Medicines: A Medical Eco-Closed Strike
New retail teams and online channels, African and Euro-American overseas professional marketing teams, industry production management teams, and a full range of support systems such as clinical medicine, market access, brand promotion, Creator 2020-08-04.
More than 2,000 level III hospitals, 10,000 level I and II hospitals are covered.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we adjust as the volume of corporate products is increasing, research and development of innovative products is on track and research and development inputs are increasing, and the process of internationalization abroad is accelerating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board