U.S. patent openings have had limited impact, q1 major business is continuing to resume, re-stardry (600196) events: the U.S. Biden government issued a decision on May 5 local time indicating that the U.S. would give up its new crown.
Intellectual property patent for pneumonia vaccine. US Secretary of Trade Katherinetai says the government is doing this to bring about a safe and effective vaccine and an end to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic as soon as possible.
The government will continue to strengthen its cooperation with the private sector and all potential partners to expand the production and distribution of vaccines, as well as its efforts to increase the raw materials needed to produce them. The US has the potential to expand the global supply of new coronary pneumonia vaccine and reduce the vaccination gap between rich and poor countries.
The U.S. government's intention to open a patent for the new crown vaccine has not yet been officially approved.
Countries like South Africa, Viet Nam, Thailand, etc. have only one-digit coverage, and the regional epidemic is severe. India, South Africa, previously advised wto to grant a temporary exemption from patenting new crown medicines, has been blocked by advanced economies in Europe and the United States.
After a slowdown, the United States changed its stance in favour of the opening of patents for new crown vaccines, with the intention of accelerating the recovery of the world’s epidemic. The decision was a preliminary decision for Biden’s policy, which has not yet been approved by Congress.
Patent barriers are only one of the technical barriers to production, and many of the barriers still have to be overcome in order to replicate them. People need to go through many processes from R & D to market, including qualification applications, prior R & D inputs, etc.
Animal trials, clinical trials, acquisition of raw materials, building production lines, listing applications, data tracking, etc. Large pharmaceutical companies, based on advanced technological accumulation and capacity, invest huge sums of money in a short period of time and push new vaccines to the market.
Artificial reproduction products will continue to face the challenges of mutations, shortages of raw materials, high research and development thresholds, low production capacity, low public acceptance, and difficulties in controlling production costs. And new crown vaccines are generally subject to government price restrictions, with limited profit margins.
As a result, the opening of patents in the United States has had limited impact on the current leading vaccine industry. Restar medicine is based on pharmaceuticals and instruments, with new crown vaccines contributing less to performance.
In the case of the epidemic, the company, in collaboration with the Biontech, introduced a new vaccine, mrna, which was approved in Hong Kong and Macao in March, while continuing to carry forward the ii clinical trials in the Mainland.
Mrna's new crown vaccine, the profits from the sale of the finished new coronary vaccine will be split at 65:35. 2021q1, the company has earned $8,056 million, i.e. + 37.00 per cent; the net profit from the return is $847 million, i.e. +46.78 per cent, the increase in the pharmaceutical plate is mainly due to heavy weight product gains.
The company’s current business is still dominated by pharmaceuticals and instruments, and the new crown vaccine has a low contribution to performance, even if the vaccine is not sold as expected, with very limited impact on performance. So the United States has opened a patent for a new crown vaccine that will not be public in the short term.
The Division's operations had a significant impact: investment proposals: the firm's operations resumed rapidly in 2021, the project was well-stocked, heavy production periods, increased competition, the under-release of new crown vaccines, and investment returns were not as high as expected.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.