The medical health research centre established a joint venture with the Biontech, mrna vaccine layout, further market price (RMK): $54.65.
On 9 May 2021, the re-star medicine announcement announced that its controlled subsidiary, the re-star pharmaceutical industry, had signed a contract with Biontech to establish a joint venture to achieve the localization and commercialization of the mrna new crown vaccine.
Following the forward-looking introduction of the Mrna vaccine in Pfizer/Biontech, a joint venture with the Biontech company was set up to further develop the Mrna field, with significant advantages. The company previously introduced the new crown vaccine in partnership with the Pfizerbontech vaccine, which is now in 71 countries around the world.
The global epidemic has been approved because of low vaccination rates and the spread of mutagenics, as a result of the recent rapid rebound in some countries and regions, India has reached an all-time high of nearly 400,000 newly diagnosed people. If the company succeeds in introducing Pfizerbiontech vaccine in China in the near future,
1. Restar Medicines Quarterly Quarterly 2021 - Innovative Medicines.
US$ 1 billion, or 50 per cent of registered capital each. (2) The re-star pharmaceutical industry intends to provide the joint venture with no. 2. " Re-stard Medicines Review - Innovative Vaccines International Lead, Innovative Medicines Sticks Drive Growth " . 2021.4.2.
Year. (4) Plan to produce 1 billion doses of mrna vaccine annually. (5) Joint venture product 3. Epidemic impact recovery, autonomous R & D and strategic marketing.
(vi) Prior to localization and commercialization of the joint venture, 60-65% Māori was raised for the re-star medicine, as agreed. (7) As of the date of this announcement, the re-stardry industry has received one of the candidate mrna ' s new crown vaccines, bnt 162b2, licensed by biontech.
In China (not including Hong Kong and Adotai), where clinical trials are still in progress, there is uncertainty about whether to obtain listing approval and the time to obtain listing approval, etc. We believe that this is a pre-emptive placement in the mrna field and that it is a professional decision-making power for companies to internationalize.
But in mrna vaccine production, materials and processes are relatively complex: companies are more likely to be ready for production by the end of the year or next year.
The risks of new drug development and mrna vaccine delivery are not as high as expected. Policy implications, such as national collections, pose a risk of reduced overall profitability of medicines.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment