El ophthalmology (300015.sz) — mid-2023, mid-2023, 23h1 net profit from mother-to-child growth of 33%, strong recovery of cataract operations, pharmaceutical biology and medical services
After the first half of the epidemic, the recovery was strong, with a 33 per cent increase in net return to mothers. In the first half of 2023, good harvests were achieved; 124 ophthalmology centres and clinics were deployed overseas to form a worldwide network of health services.
Sales cost rate of 10.2 per cent (+0.5 pp) and corresponding increase in fees for ophthalmological general activities and salaries of health education personnel; management cost rate of 12.9 per cent (-0.7 pp), the increase in financial costs due mainly to the high rate of growth of the cataracts project at a low base and the maintenance of a high profile of eye disease and visual exposure.
In the first half of the year, it was affected in part by the macro-economic environment, with income from the cataracts operating in the amount of 1,674 million (+60.28 per cent) and the Māori rate at 37.48 per cent.
(+1.60 pp), mainly due to the fact that some of the elderly patients who were delayed by the external environment last year were admitted to the hospital in the first half of the year, and the company ' s ability to develop ophthalmological technologies and services continued to grow in scale and brand influence. The sight project earned 2,301 million (+30.50%), with a Māori rate of 55.24% (+1.55/pp), followed by
In the context of the implementation of the National Youth Near-Vision Prevention and Control Strategy and the continued improvement of the company's visual product lines, El sighted El ophthalmology (300015.sz) 2022 and the first quarter 2023: 20% increase in the first quarter of 2023, with a continuous improvement in the chain of medical care networks.
The brand's influence has been further enhanced, the 5p near-sighted control system has been expanded, and the number of children and young people in the pipeline has increased. In addition, there has been a better growth in the first half of the current period and in the latter half of the project.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - 2022: third quarter return, net profit increase of 20 per cent over the same period, maintenance of sound business in the event of an outbreak - El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - mid-2022: net return of mother in the first half of the year
The annual net profit returns are 34.8% higher than the previous year, and the implementation of the new 10-year development strategy has expanded rapidly, with the "inherited plus extended" model supporting performance growth.
The new decade of “second entrepreneurship” has steadily advanced, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Family ophthalmology centres and clinics form a worldwide network of health services. Figure 2: Al ophthalmology's single-season operating income and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) The Māori rate for cataracts and visual services has increased by 1.6 percentage points, further releasing the scale effect.
Cost of sales: 10.2 per cent (+0.5 pp), due mainly to the corresponding increase in fees for ophthalmological activities and salaries of health education staff following the lifting of the effects of the epidemic; 12.9 per cent (-0.7 pp), staff remuneration and equipment; $148 million (+29.59 per cent) in research and development in the first half of the year, with companies continuously increasing the use of ophthalmology techniques and numbers
Figure 5: Māori El ophthalmological rate, changes in net interest rates
(+45.50 per cent) The ratio of net operating cash flows to net return profits is 197 per cent, and cash flows continue to be of good health. In 2023, six hundred and ninety billion annual book currency funds were available, and companies had sufficient cash reserves for hospital expansion and market expansion.
The cataracts project is growing at a high rate at a low base, with eye disease and visual activity maintaining a high profile. The rapid increase in the number of surgeries in the first half of 2023 was accompanied by an increase in the share of high-end surgical operations, with companies increasing their share of primary hospitals ' kurch rooms billion (+60.28 per cent) and a Māori rate of 37.48 per cent (+1.60 pp), mainly due to part of last year ' s increase.
In the first half of the year, elderly patients with a delayed environment were admitted to health care and the company ' s ophthalmology technology and service capabilities continued to grow in scale and brand influence. The sight project earned 2,301 million (+30.50%) and the Māori rate was 55.24% (+1.55pp), with the implementation of the national youth near-visit prevention and control strategy and the company ' s vision product line continuing.
In addition, in the first six months of the project, there has been a better growth in the number of children and young people. “Platform + Talent” is a driving force that boosts the collaborative development of medical education.
The workstation of foreign experts in Hunan Province and the Digital Eye Technology Innovation Centre in Changsha City form the platform for the integration of innovative medical teaching and research in the “Multi-House” “Five” “Four” “Four” “Four” “Four” “Five” “Four”” “Five” “Four”” “Four” “Four”. The company has signed strategic cooperation agreements with Shanxi Medical University and Dalian Medical University, respectively, and will work with Shanxi.
A high-quality ophthalmological hands-on training centre will be set up with the University of Dalian Medicine to explore new platforms, models, new experiences for the introduction and development of ophthalmologists, and practical interdisciplinary integration projects. At the same time, companies will continue to learn through global intelligence, and a group of ophthalmologists will continue to unite with Ayres, further entrenching provincial districts and hospitals.
The introduction of a global headline, which provides 33 centimetres of near-sighted artificial visual crystallization — a strong-eye tecnis synergyTM leapfrog and successfully implemented the first domestic implants in Liaoning Shenyang, Chongqing, Hubei Wuhan, Hunan Shoyang, Hainan Sea Point 5; and the completion of the first “Israel” in the country by the El Eye Hospital in Bojong Lei
Endoart, licensed implantation of an artificial cornea endurance film, with Elcon to promote the personalization of the sculptor, the upgrading of the surgery, and with partners to accelerate the implementation of the near-sighted anti-control products of multi-area proximity to the lenses, Ora Aura's anger, management of the lenses, and the activation of China at the El Eye Hospital in Bojing City with Johnson's vision.
The first case in the interior was the silicon water gel day-to-day proximity to the real-world research project of the visual control software mirror acuvualitiTM; and the continuation of the application of the “surgery of smart flying seconds” to further enhance patient experience through the integration of flight-second laser technology with the icl crystal implantation.
In the first half of 2032, the company completed a partial acquisition of shares in 15 health-care institutions along the state of El, Inde-El, and Siangyang-il, while a number of new clinics and clinics were established to upgrade the layout of the network of local and county basic hospitals.
The new decade’s “second entrepreneurship” has been steadily advanced, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Authors have ensured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author