Events: The company published its semi-annual 2023 report, and 2023h1 achieved revenues of $10.252 billion, compared to the following: continuing general education in ophthalmology and increasing awareness of the population's eye health; parallel international advances in medical technology, increasing the availability of treatment and innovative products; and the State's near-sighted defence.
The research assistant in the medical industry, Nguyen, promoted policies such as strategy management, blindness prevention, continued growth in corporate branding, business models and a growing pool of talent.
Consumer eye business is growing steadily, and eye disease, such as cataracts, continues to grow rapidly. 2023h1 company \triangleright achieved income of $4.028 billion (+17.1 per cent) and Māori 57.7 per cent (+0.03 ptt).
The income from sight and light operations is 2.3 billion yuan (+30.5%), the Māori rate is 55.24% (+1.55/pct), and the number of clinics and surgeries in White is up 30% at a high rate.
There are 168 clinics and 124 ophthalmology centres and clinics overseas.
Market demand for merit and ophthalmology continued to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: medical risk, human resources risk, goodwill risk, Beijing City West Side, House 9, House 1, sellers have been working for over nine years.
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppccca and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, research in scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Zhao Shuang, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined the Sinda Securities in 2022 and was responsible for research in the fields of medical appliances, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. Cao Jia Lin, member of the team, Master of Quantities in Economics, Mid-yama University, two years of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, and served on the Fangzheng Securities.
Joined the Sinda Securities in 2023 and was responsible for research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl. Song Dan, a team member, Master of Basic Medicine, Middle Hill Medical School, Nakayama University, two years of experience in securities practice, two years of experience in the innovative medicine development industry, Zhang Jong-tao, a team member, Master of International Investment Finance, University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, cpa (professional phase), formerly employed in China.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.