In recent days, wheel tires have been published in 2022 and a quarterly in 2023. In 2022, the company achieved the wheel tires (601058).
Quarterly, companies achieved operating income of $5.371 billion, an increase of 10.44 per cent over the same period and 3.60 per cent over the ring;
\triangleright. (1) The company was the first Chinese tyre company to build a factory overseas and had the first two overseas large-scale production bases, and in 2022 it made substantial progress in building a factory overseas.
In 2022, the company’s factory in Cambodia produced 9 million semi-steeds a year. The factory in Cambodia produced 1.65 million full-steeds a year.
The project ' s mid-year production of 50,000 tons of non-road tyres has been completed with capital construction. (2) Viet Nam ' s factories are facing industrial disadvantages such as maritime fluctuations, overseas distributors going to stock, increased cost of raw materials, etc. The net profits are still growing and further raise profitability levels in 2023q1
In 2023, the tyre industry is expected to move steadily and create a favourable development space. (1) US market \triangleright
In late February, the American Association of Tyre Manufacturers (ustma) published a forecast of the volume of tyres coming out of the United States in 2023, which is expected to reach 334.2 million in 2023, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period, with a 2.3 per cent increase in the semi-record apparel market and a half-replacement.
In addition, in June 2022, the Shandong Ministry of Industry and Information Development issued a law on the use of integrated standards in Shandong Province in 2022.
In addition to the special varieties, 1.2 million steel mid-day births and less than 5 million steel mid-day-births will be fully integrated. This is a sign of a new start in the tyre industry in Shandong Province, which is defined as the current production exit policy.
Indeed, strong policies are expected to contribute more to the creation of a fair competitive market. (3) With regard to maritime transport, in 2022, with the gradual liberalization of control measures in many countries around the world, the rate and efficiency of ship calibrations rose significantly, the state of dock congestion continued to ease, and the cost of shipping had fallen to close to 2020.
Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 The wheel speed lead industry, Shenyang 3.3 million all steel, liquid gold tyres are being promoted and tested for excellence. (1) Sex
In terms of efficiency, since its global launch in the fourth quarter of 2021, the company ' s liquid gold tyres have been driven with excellent oil efficiency, comfort, control, grinding, etc., through verification and multiple live vehicle tests by a number of authorities, including Sibán Tootiada, Germany tüv and the Smith Laboratory in the United States.
The company’s liquid gold wheels can reach the EU’s cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Label code aa; liquid gold truck tires can reach 3a level of the Central Oak Association's Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire Tire, 9th House of the City of Beijing City Street. (2) In terms of capacity, 60,000 tons of new material were produced in June 2022.
Vee glue has completed an empty load test vehicle, 2022q3 has begun to contribute to the company ' s liquid gold tyres by increasing the amount of the company ' s liquid gold product line. (3) In terms of products, the company ' s liquid gold product has covered the main tyre varieties, and the entire steel, semi-steel and special tyres are rolled out, and
The model has been perfected, with the launch of a new liquid gold-car-borne tyre in February 2023 covering the global mainstream high-end model. (4) On the market side, wheel-based liquid gold tyres have landed in China, the United States, Europe, Japan, etc., leading to the appearance or sale of tyres/cars, and have been sold online and offline.
Sale, personalized tyre customization service. \triangleright \triangleright
At the stage of development, sales costs, R & D costs, etc., will either increase or reduce current net profits, but they will be beneficial for long-term development, at a time when a pe-based valuation using traditional net profit indicators may have a negative impact on market value.
We use the Māori multiplier method to value the added value of the product. The average value of the Māori multiplier (Māori ttm) is 13.75, the median is 11.61, and the wheel tyres are 7.32 times more. We give the company a Māori multiplier of 10 times in 2023.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
The Centre, which carries out research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, YOYU, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials from Nakayama University, Master of Audit from the Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to carry out non-consensual and non-consensual components and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.