Cruise tires (601058.sh) Basic chemical industry has grown steadily and has increased production + brand power.
Coins, 1.4 per cent more than year-on-year, earned $5.37 billion in operating income in the first quarter of 2023, and with 1. In-depth research by Wheel tires: global layout accelerates, the “liquid gold” industry continues to perform robustly, and the upward trend is expected to continue.
Auxiliary growth, 2023.4.1. Last year, companies managed to expand their capacity and increase their sales against a backdrop of weak demand in the industry as a whole, high fluctuations in shipping costs and poor logistics, coupled with marketers.
In 2022, the company increased the annual capacity of the entire steel tires by 500,000 (Senyang factory), the annual production of the semi-styres by 4 million (Cambodian plant) and the annual capacity of non-road tyres by 246,000 tons (of which Qingdao factory by 0.6 million tons, Viet Nam factory by 10,000 tons and the mill by 0.86 million).
At the bottom of the industry, corporate performance is still somewhat resilient. In the course of the year, the adverse effects on the production and operation of the tyre industry have gradually been mitigated: the profit margin.
Faced with the prospect of improving the profitability of the core raw material price decline industry, the company is steadily moving forward with construction projects, and liquid gold continues to spread. The company currently has 1,195 million whole steel, 51.6 million half steel, 125,000 tons of non-road tyres, and 345 more.
Ten thousand full steel, 12 million half steel and 52,000 tons of non-road tyres can be built and are expected to become operational this year, and as capacity expands, the costs are expected to be further optimized while responding quickly to market demand.
The liquid gold tyre business, which was launched in June last year in the country in a series of vehicle-based products, mainly for safety and comfort, energy-saving end-of-life, high-end sports and simultaneous sales on Skycat platforms.
The company is the leader of a domestic tyre company, which maintains a “buy-in” rating as the build-up of capacity and “liquid gold” enhances the company’s brand power.
Significant price fluctuations for raw materials; lower-than-expected release of new production capacity; friction in international trade; less-than-anticipated promotion of “liquid gold” tyres; continued maritime tension; exchange rate fluctuations; large shareholder pledge; stock restrictions; security risks
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market