74.80 billion seafood contracts were successfully transferred to ease the burden, and the State ' s assets helped to develop the ship.
The company's disclosure of $7,480 million in contract transfer and related transactions for marine industrial products from a fully-owned subsidiary, and its announcement that the company and China-China-Swiss had the share and association of Guangzhou Company Limited.
The easy announcement that the transaction will effectively address the delivery of the relevant seafood products will help the public and the offshore high-bridge build ships to mitigate risks and help them develop and improve their production management processes.
The listed company's $7.48 billion marine industrial product contract was transferred to Tianjin to effectively address the delivery of related marine products.
The supply ship was transferred to the Tianjin vessel for a total contract of $7.48 billion, followed by a single-ship contract for the construction of the offshore seaworks project under the construction of the Tianjin vessel, and the management of the assets of the marine workers concerned.
As a result, the transaction included two CJ46 self-propelled rigs (with an assessment cost of 950 million tons per platform) and four supply ships (with an assessment cost of 110 million yuan per platform). The external high-bridge construction and the company's finances were due to the financial costs and impairments caused by the “difficult delivery” of handicrafts.
The impact on the situation and performance is significant. Taking advantage of the current recovery in oil prices and a slightly warmer window of opportunity in the external market, proactive measures to deal with hand-held seawork products will effectively ease pressure on offshore high bridges to build ships and their own production resources, and increase the company’s medium- and long-term profitability.
Under the agreement, the company intends to receive 25 per cent of the share in Guangyang State held by the China Shipping Group at a yield price of $364 million; and the controlling subsidiary, the company holds 89.34 per cent of the share in the fleet, is expected to receive the concession.
The group holds 26% of the share in Guangyang County, which has a concession price of $379 million. Guangzhou International has a limited amount of 10,000 yuan, mainly in the production and sale of oil tankers, chemical vessels, liquefied gas vessels, offshore oil engineering vessels, and offshore transportation of chemicals, for all types of ships up to 50,000 tons of grade.
Sub-linked transactions, on the one hand, increase the number and capacity of China's vessels to enhance their production capacity and facilitate their development in the area of “silver” bulk carriers, chemical vessels, asphalt vessels, wood darts, oil tankers, etc., and, on the other hand, make up for the lack of sea wind tower production lines in China's vessels west.
Weaknesses in building resources to meet the transformational development needs of the transformation of China ' s ships west into offshore wind tower products. And improving the long-term leasing of Chinese ships west of Yangzhou ' s resources to organize shipbuilding and offshore wind tower production, with high rental costs, high corporate burdens, and a lack of direct investment to improve the production process and move forward
1. China ' s ship: Longheads is in deep swing as a company that is listed as the backbone of the Chinese Shipping Group and has a complete ship industry.
China Ships: China’s China Shipping Group’s Core People’s Pair, which is expected to warm back to the ship industry, is an absolute leader in the domestic ship industry and is expected to benefit first from the warmth of the maritime market.
A push - 2016.12.21 The loss of $7.48 billion in marine workers’ assets from listed companies has had a positive impact on easing the financial pressure on listed companies and raising the level of corporate profitability. And the granting of shares in Guangyang State has helped China to clear its territory.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board