The silver global market, Lean Wisdom Investment Corporation, has been able to upgrade the technology for profit (600183ch), and the technology for profit released its strong performance in the third quarter of 2025. The company earns $7.9 billion in RMB (with RMB/R).
China's semiconductor company has a strategic position as the core supplier of the ai infrastructure. We expect the company's revenue in 2025 to be in Yang Tianwei, ph.d.
The strong growth momentum (this is a stronger upturn) and the continued improvement in profit margins. Zhang Yuanch, unrated) performed at a new high in a single quarter, with the print circuit board earning 3.1 billion yuan yuan (equivalent/unrated) in revenue.
The ring has grown by 154/40%. The quarterly income is close to its annual level in 2023 (3.3 billion yuan) and highlights the strong demand for high-level hdiboards in the i server market.
Cloud manufacturers continue to invest more in the infrastructure of the ai. As the main beneficiaries of the i supply chain, we predict that income from the electronic print circuit boards will be close to 10 billion yuan a year (more than a factor of one), becoming the main growth engine of the group.
• Copperboards: sound ahead of cost pressures. Copperboard operations (including others) achieved income of $4.9 billion, renminbi (a 23 per cent increase from the previous year, with a flat ring). Although faced with a rise in copper prices (since July, Lun printing circuit board operations have shifted rapidly to high-value hdi products (a three-quarter Maori rate for live electronics):
33.9%, up 9.0/3.1 percentage points from the same/ring ratio. We expect that, with potential price adjustments, the above level of difference, mainly due to: 1) the company ' s structural positioning in the ai upturn cycle; 2) printing of the continued growth of the profitable contribution of the circuitboard operation and its estimated premium on the value of the comparable copper-plating operation.
Strong corporate growth and significant improvements in profitability. Major risks include: poor productivity climbs, increased market competition, and rising geopolitical risks.
Figure 3: Multi-year forward-of-the-mortality rates of technology for profit: Figure 5: Trends in copper inventories and prices