Quarter-by-season innovation, ai-led copper board demand - three-quarters of the 2025 report, technology for profit (600183.sh)
Events: The company disclosed three-quarter reports in 2025. The company won 20.614 billion chandeers in the first three quarters of 2025.
The q3-q3-quarter harvest and the net return-to-mother profits have been historically high. Optimization of product structure has led to a sustained increase in profitability, with a q3-quarter Maori rate of 28.14 per cent and a corresponding/ring-up increase in the share of high-value-added e-products, which continue to consolidate competitive advantages in medium- and high-end markets.
Cloud company capital spending continues to rise, with downstream pcb expansion leading to increased demand for copper plates.Trendforce data show that the combined capital expenditure of the world’s eight largest csp service providers in 2025 will be over $420 billion, an increase of 61 per cent over the same period, and an increase of $520 billion in 2026, the same year.
This is a 24% increase and is expected to drive the ai server and upstream pcb, and the copper board demand. At the pcb downstream, several listed companies have announced expansions this year, which will directly drive the cap board demand up as new production becomes available.
Investment proposals: The company is a leading company, the a-capital-driven copper-plate is entering a new cycle of growth, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
At its peak, the Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, with its Master of Electronics and Communications Engineering, and its Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, were employed in the Ministry of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.