German shares (605117.sh) Reversers show up, expanding the light storage track for new development, home appliances, home appliancesii
The German shares were established in 2000 and the company’s main business includes heat exchangers, environmental appliances, represented by dehumidifiers, and reverse transformers. The company’s retroversion products include photovoltaic clusters, microreverses, and storage energy transformers.
Rapid growth, with the firm’s 2022 performance forecasting a return net profit of $145-1550 million (as compared to 48.3% in the same year), has led to a rapid increase in corporate revenue and profits. Looking ahead, the company will focus on the development of inverters, while maintaining the existing business volume of traditional household electricity.
The annual global light voltage will increase from 230gw to 547gw, with distributed photovoltaics increasing from 120gw to 250gw, capr 25.2%; and 2) the global storage market will be resonant. With the development of the domestic electricity spot market, the implementation of new energy distribution policies, and the construction of grid-resilient resources, domestic storage will continue.
As subsidies are introduced and light storage combined, overseas markets also show a strong load demand for distributed storage. We expect a rapid growth in global distributed storage, with an increase in the capacity of global business storage from 4.7 gwh in 2022-2026.
Up to 90.2gwh, or 109% of cagr, and up to the year 2026, the penetration rate of the global industrial and commercial storage capacity will be 187.2gwh, or 105% of the global household storage capacity, or 23.3% by 2026; 3) business structures will continue to be optimized. With the rapid development of the internal and external distributional storage capacity, the public will be able to increase the penetration rate.
The competition for emerging markets has led to an increase in cost-control support performance. Companies use their own brand + tag model to quickly import to emerging markets such as South Africa and Brazil, and to create a pre-emptive market in regional markets.
Field shares, and misaligning with other overseas inverters; companies using their original supply chain resources and management experience in the production of electricity and electricity to create an integrated layout of the reverse in the manufacturing chain, with a certain cost advantage over their counterparts; and in the management model of distribution channels
And with more mature operational experience to accelerate the growth in the scale of sales. Profit forecasting and valuation: the company is a back-up in the field of reverse changers, benefiting from the global distribution of high-speed light storage and the back-up of light-store inverters.
Based on the traditional home power market, a new distributed light storage track was established in 2000 and initially focused on research and development, production, and marketing of environmental appliances. Accompanied production of home air-conditioning heat exchangers for the United States began in 2007 and became a U.S.-based change-frequency control solution provider in 2010.
In 2016, the company entered the photovoltaic transformer industry and launched its first generation energy transformer in 2017. In 2021, after 23 years of production, the company completed a small business to a large technology company, a single industry to a diversified industrial chain, and passed on.
The controlling shareholders Zhang and Jun and their wife Yuya Lu together hold 62.53% of the shares. The company is a private family business, and Zhang and Jun are currently the president and general manager of the company, the actual controller of the company, holding 24% of the company ' s shares, and his wife.
Lu Yadju holds 1.13% of the shares of the company. Zhang and Jun hold 38.17% of the shares of listed companies indirectly through the holding of the shares of the Athleum Investment Management Company and the Trinity Investment Management Partnership, and Lu Yadju and Zhang and Jun are acting in concert, holding 62.53% of the shares of the company.
The company's management and core technical staff are experienced in the industry. The company's current president, Zhang and Kwan have been directors and general managers of Ningbod Industrial Plastics and Gold Plastics and Plastics, Ltd.; the company's current general manager, Zhang Dung, has extensive industrial experience as head of the German stock sales department.
University of Science and Technology, formerly employed as a hardware engineer in Wuhan Qiuron Electronics, with a wealth of hardware development experience, and a core technician, Chidehai, founder of the Reversible Industries Department, with a deep understanding of the inverter products, functions, market layouts, and the development of a set of inverters, storage transformers, mini-reverters, etc. for German shares.
Products, at the same time, provide a solid basis for the German foreign revers market layout. Reverser operations have led to high performance growth, rising from 2% to 46% between 2021.
Looking ahead, companies are focusing on the development of inverter business, while maintaining the existing business volume of traditional household electricity. The inverter business Māori rate increases year by year, leading to an increase in corporate overall profitability.
The annual reverse changer business Māori rate increased from 19.1% to 37.19%, which is the overall increase in the Māori product from the company’s high Māori rate after 2020, as well as the company’s drive to reversible primaryization and the import of domesticated components, leading to an increase in the Māori product rate from year to year.
The increase has also led to an increase in the overall profitability of the company. Figure 4: Net profit return and increase in German shares (billions, %) Figure 7: Change in German shares ' Māori ratio and net interest rate (billions)
With the rapid growth in the size of the collection, the cost of the company fell significantly between 2019 and the first three quarters of 2022, from 9.53% to 4.37%, with cost control ahead of the same industry.
With the maturity of photovoltaic technology and the energy crisis in various parts of the globe, photovoltaics have gradually become the main source of energy for new power plants and have grown rapidly. The total amount of solar power installed in the world has accumulated by the end of 2021.
By 940gw, photovoltaic power has become the fastest growing renewable source of energy worldwide - 168gw in 21 -- representing 56% of the world's new renewable energy sources. However, in terms of the size of electricity generation, photovoltaic power accounts for a relatively small share of the electricity market, accounting for only 3.7% of total global electricity generation in 2021, and will be replaced in the future.
In 2022, China added a new grid capacity of 87.41gw, an historic high, with a projected global increase of about 230gw in 2022, an increase of 35.3 per cent over the same period.
Depending on the size of the development and the application scene, PV stations are divided mainly into centralized and distributed patterns; distributed PVs can be further broken down into household roof PVs and industrial PVs. Distributed PVs are the main directions for future PV development, compared to centralized PVs, with small PV investments, rapid construction, small land area and greater flexibility.
In major overseas markets around the world, distributed photovoltaics have developed at an early stage and have been widely used in such markets as Europe, Australia, the United States, etc., and have been used to generate primary photovoltaics in overseas markets. Historically, distributed photovoltaics have developed in combination with centralized patterns, with capacity levels remaining at over 40%. We expect global distribution lights to be in place in 2022.
Voltage reached 120gw, or 52%, and is expected to stabilize the proportion of global distribution installed in 2023-2026 in the country’s distributed photovoltaic market. As the population’s acceptance of photovoltaic power is increasing, the distribution of photovoltaic applications has been gradually accepted by the population in recent years as the concept of home appliances has become a new factor in the country.
In 2021, the largest and fastest-growing application took place, mainly from domestic subsidies, with a distribution of 29.27gw or 53% of all new photovoltaics in the country. Since 2022, the distribution of photovoltaics has benefited mainly from district-wide push policies and the spread of electricity prices from power-side peaks.
In 2022, we added 87.41gw PVs, of which 51.11gw PVs were distributed, or 58.5 per cent, with 25.25gw PVs for households and 25.86gws for business. In June 2022, the National Development Commission and the National Energy Authority jointly issued the 14th Five-Year Renewable Energy Development Plan.
A major effort is being made to promote the integration of photovoltaic power generation into the landscape.
In 2023-2026, we expect the number of additional distributed light-voltage units in the country to be 59/77/101/124gw, respectively, with high electricity prices in Europe further stimulating the demand for distributed light-voltage in the context of the conflict in the Russian Federation. We expect the number of distributed light-voltage units in Europe to be 31.2gw in 2022, or about 65 per cent, 2023-2026.
RVs are expected to increase from 42.3w to 74.8gw per year, at a compound rate of 21%. Annual policy calls for the mandatory installation of photovoltaic systems in new buildings below three floors starting in 2020, with US-distributed photovoltaics reaching 7.6gw in 2021, or 27.8% in Bida, and we expect the US-based distribution from 2023 to 2026.
Photovoltaic development is expected to increase at a compound rate of 26 per cent per year from 8gw to 16gw. Figure 20: U.S. distributed photovoltage and projected (gw) storage energy industry towards a low-cost bursting phase
As the share of new energy generation rises, so does the capacity of the world's major countries and regions to develop storage as an important part of the energy revolution.
Policies boost storage demand by enhancing the economics of storage capacity by clarifying the market position of storage capacity, subsidizing storage capacity, or tax relief. Compared to conventional energy, renewable energy sources, such as photovoltaics, are prevalent intermittent and volatile, requiring storage capacity.
The photovoltaic power system, combined with the storage power cell system, can begin to function as "load regulation, storage of electricity, matching new energy access, compensating for loss of line, compensating for power, increasing the energy quality, running on an isolated network, and cutting out peaks." As the share of renewable energy sources, such as photovoltaics, continues to rise.
As storage technology advances, the cost of storage energy systems rapidly declines. For example, the cost of electrochemical storage energy represents nearly 90% of the cost of lithium ion batteries, and the price of lithium phosphate (lfp) batteries fell by almost 90% between 2010 and 2021.
Cycle life has nearly tripled, leading to a rapid decline in storage costs, which provides internal kinetic energy for energy development. The economic benefits of storage energy have become more pronounced, driven by the continuous growth of internal and external energy for energy generation, leading to rapid growth in the size of the global storage capacity in recent years.
Since 2022, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict has led to an upward trend in global energy costs, and the German electricity price index has continued to rise since the beginning of 2022, reaching an all-time high of 20203. As of 202204, the German electricity price index stood at 193 euros.
The United States has a highly marketed electricity system, with 84 per cent of electricity supplied by private investors, 12 per cent by state and cooperative enterprises, and only 4 per cent by companies managed by the federal government. The grid is a costly project, and in order to guarantee investment efficiency, US firms have adopted the cheapest set-up model.
In recent years, the rapid upturn in extreme weather and photovoltaic installation levels has led to a steady increase in the supply of electricity compared with the recent decline in the prices of electricity traded in the US since the beginning of the year. Faced with these pressures, the countries of Europe and the United States are committed to pursuing a policy of subsidies or tax refunds for light storage systems, with a view to making them real as soon as possible.
Clean energy replacement. In the United States, for example, in August 2022, the United States passed the ira bill, which, for the first time, incorporated the independent reserve into the intc credit, no longer needs to be matched with photovoltaics, and the dependence of storage on photovoltaics will be significantly reduced, contributing to the rapid growth of the US storage market.
In July 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency jointly issued the Guidance for Accelerating the Development of New Stockpiles, the central objective of which is to bring about a shift in new stocks from the early stages of commercialization to scale.
Compared to the lower-table market for household storage, the pre-scheduled capacity is characterized by small individual sizes, low voltage levels, and electricity prices. Restrictions on access to electricity were imposed on businesses in summer 2021 and more than summer 2022 owing to climatic problems such as high temperatures.
Policies have increased the price differentials in peak valleys, thereby increasing the economics of business storage. Not only has the installation demand for distributed light voltage been stimulated, but it has also encouraged distributed energy development patterns in light storage combinations. Figure 24: Price differentials in proxy peaks across the country in February 2023 ($/kwh)
Note: In the context of the highest price differential of 10 kv for single-system proxy electricity across the country, business deposits can be an important improvement for domestic enterprises to achieve emergency power supply and lower cost spending
By means, business storage demand is expected to rise significantly in 2023. In summary, we expect a rapid growth in global distribution storage between 2022 and 2026, in which business and industry have a 11.2% capacity ratio; households are expected to increase their installed capacity from 10.6gwh
By 187.2 gwh, with a combined annual growth rate of 105%, the global household capacity ratio is expected to reach a level of global capacity in 2026, and new global reserves, dominated by electrochemistry, will thrive with new energy sources in the coming years, and we anticipate a high degree of synergy between photovoltaic and storage electrical products.
The main function of the PV inverter is to convert the direct-flow electricity generated by the PV system into exchange power; the storage inverter (pcs), also known as the storage inverter, is a key device in the middle of the energy storage device and grid, which is used to control battery charge and discharge processes and to convert the flow into straight-on-flow.
Comprises semiconductor devices such as igbt, ic, electronics such as sensors, connectors, wires, radiators, solids, magnets such as radiators, electrical sensors, transformers, inhibitors such as resistors, capacitors, and pcb boards.
Given the size, storage reversors in the coming years, as an important link in the chain of storage industries, are expected to benefit from the rapid and rapid growth of the industry. According to ihsmarkit, in 2021, the share of the global invertor market is the sum of solar power and China.
Nearly half of the world ' s total share was 25.6 per cent/23.8 per cent, compared to 25.6 per cent in the Gurevat, Journey Technology, Gudway, Upper Electric, and the Top Ten. Cr10 together accounted for nearly 88.3 per cent of the total.
Reverse transformers. For a more flat terrain area, a centralized reverse transformer remains the main solution for a large ground power station. Currently, a centralized photovoltaic converter manufacturer in the country consists mainly of sunlight power sources, titanium, upper-energy electricals, and super-electrics. A cluster of string inverters is used mainly in distributed photovoltaic systems.
The single-body capacity of the transformer is generally below 100kw. At present, the domestic chain-based photovoltaic converter manufacturer is mainly concerned with the technology of the wind waves, solid Dewey, German shares, etc. Micro-reversers are used mainly for distributed small and medium-sized roof power stations and household roof power stations. Micro-reversers have a single-body capacity below 1kw. The advantage is that they can be used for each component.
The country’s micro-reverser manufacturers are currently mainly stockholdings, energy technology, and German shares.
The storage market expands the new course for the new energy power and electronics sector. According to ihsmarkit’s overview of the competition patterns in the global storage industry of pcs in 2021, Poweresections occupy the first 24.4% of the world’s share, while solar power/tesla/sma/Cowa data occupy the second and fifth place in the world with the corresponding market share.
In the case of pcs, 17.9% is the highest share, with domestic companies leading new energy sources, soliddewey, Gurewalt, and the top ten. As domestic firms, such as Journey Technology, Gudwe, and German shares, build up production and channel layout of energy reversors, we expect that the share of national producers, pcs, will be raised in the global market.
In 2021, the unit price of the storage reversible was roughly more than $1.w, and the unit price of the photo-voltaic converter was $0.16-0.23/w. In terms of the Māori rate, the storage reversion rate of the sample enterprises in 2021 was close to 40%, and since the bulk of the storage energy product was exported overseas, the individual value and the Māori ratio were both high.
In photovoltaic products, as household storage capacity evolves in the future, storage revers will bring new performances for reversible enterprises. Figure 32: Storage Reversers versus Distributive Photovoltaic Reversers Māori (%): Storage Reversers Unit and Distributive Photovoltaic Reverse Changers Unit (M/w)
In February 2023, German companies announced an increase in their shares to raise $3.55 billion for the production of a 25.5gw series and storage system.
Reversers and the 3gw micro-reversers project, which has now been submitted for approval; 2) Jinhua Technology, which announced in June 2022 a plan to raise $2.925 billion for the construction of 950,000 new series of inverters, and which has now been issued; 3) Kudwei, which announced in June 2022, plans to raise $2.5 billion to build and network.
Reverse transformers, storage power reversors, storage power cell production base projects, which have now been agreed to by the CMS, and the R & D Innovation Centre expansion project, have now generated stock increases.
The company's stored energy products consist mainly of single-phase storage transformers (power bands containing 3.6-5kw and 5-8kw) and three-phase storage energy transformers (power bands 8-12kw), which are directed primarily to households.
And it's more secure, so that when the grid fails, it is quick to respond and is more suited to the needs of households abroad. Companies have a strong storage product that allows for 4ms to be switched off of the web, better than other companies in the industry, while storage can support single-to-triple applications, with a maximum combined capacity of 16 and a maximum capacity of 16.
80kw/128kw, leading the industry. The company’s photovoltaic products consist mainly of a cluster of string inverters and micro-reversers. A group of string inverters covers single-phases (1.5-3kw) and three-phases (40-110kw) and can be applied to home-based photovoltaics and business roofs.
The product power band covers (0.6 kw-2kw) and is mainly applied to household photovoltaics. sun-(70-110)k-g group string combinations are applied to medium-sized and large traders.
Rooftops and commercial power stations. This requires product reliability.
Overcapacity and 10% exchange output provides higher power generation and sun 1300-2000g3 is the new generation.
A micro-reverser with an intelligent 1.3kw-2kw network and surveillance system that ensures maximum security.
Micro-reverser sun600/800/1,000g3 is a new generation of micro-reversers with intelligence
It can connect and monitor systems to ensure that the most connected micro-reversers are efficient.
Should be up to 500w output and double mppt autonomy plus tag model, competing for emerging markets, differentiating from other firms in the industry in the market segment of sales, to developed places such as Europe.
The German shares, as a back-to-back show in the industry, initially avoided highly competitive markets such as Europe, mainly selling to new markets such as South Africa, Brazil, Lebanon, and Pakistan, while companies entered the United States market in a plaque mode to gain market share quickly.
With company history data, we expect companies in Brazil, South Africa, to be at the heart of the company’s sales, accounting for nearly 50% of the total, and in Brazil, Europe, the United States, and the Middle East, where sales are important. In Brazil, for example, Brazil is located in South America, with photovoltaic years of 1400-1800 hours, with a relatively larger share.
After a severe drought each year, the national hydropower capacity was frustrated and the government accelerated its energy transformation. We estimated that Brazil had 10.6gw light voltage in 2022, with an estimated 28gw light voltage in 2026, with a combined annual growth rate of more than 200 days of power restrictions in South Africa, with a total power outage of more than 1900 hours for the sun.
By the end of 2022, South Africa had a total solar energy capacity of 2,287mw, with 75mw installed that year, currently ranked fifth in power generation. We expect to install renewable energy, such as solar, in the future, in the context of South Africa’s electricity use situation.
In the marketing model, the company chooses its own branding in a flexible manner, depending on the market situation. In the United States, for example, foreign brands are more difficult to enter, local distributors have advantages, companies have exclusive cooperation agreements with large local distributors, sol-ark.
Actively build marketing channels. Since reverse sales are close to the end and domestic inverters speed up their voyages, building overseas channels, especially domestic, business-based channels, is vital.
The former global total of 77 regional distributors, including South Africa, Brazil, Europe, China, and the Middle East, has a large number of regional distributors. As a follow-up to this vision, companies are expected to benefit from the growth in the number of photo-voltage machines distributed around the world.
The company's long-term involvement in the air-conditioning component sector is highly standardized, with a large number of competitors in the industry, low market concentration, low bargaining power, and the firm's core competitiveness in supply chain management and manufacturing regulation.
After the market, the company takes full advantage of the supply chain resources and management experience of pre-existing household power production and forms an integrated layout of the manufacturing chain of the reverse. In historical statements, German shares are higher than their counterparts, and the unit price of photovoltaics is similar to that of other firms; and the unit price of storage energy products is lower than that of other firms.
In Germany, early operations were mainly made of molds, so there is considerable experience in building structures. Currently, structural units account for nearly 20% of the total cost of inverters, the reference invertor structure manufacturing industry has a Māori ratio of 20-25%, and a Māori ratio of 13-15% for Xiangxian technology storage.
In contrast to the extraction of external structures, we estimate that home-made structures have caused greater disruption to the performance of reverse-changed firms in the context of the Māori rate’s global core deficit wave. German shares have a better working relationship with overseas igbt head suppliers, and are gradually imported into the national production of igbt, which is guaranteed as the proportion of domestic production rises.
In 2022, the rise in overseas demand led to an overall increase in the price of products, a rise in the price of the company's chain inverter stand from $2505 in 2021 to $2800 in 2022, a rise in the price of the storage energy inverter from $7574 in 2021 to $8,100 in 2022, and a decrease in the price of the mini-revert in the unit from $1035 to $1035.
The main reason is that in 2022, as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation, electricity prices abroad were high, raising demand for light storage and grids, leading to an increase in the overall inverser price; the micro-reverser was mainly sold to Brazil. The average power of the group of inverters was 2021-2022e, calculated on the basis of 10.7/10.8kw, respectively, and the storage capacity was reversed.
The average power of the transformer was 2021-2022e, calculated on the basis of 7.7.7.8 kw, and the average of the microreverser was analysed.
703,000 micro-reversers, 10.29 million in 2021. We expect the sale of the three types of inverters to be on the assumption that we expect the sale of the three types of inverters to be on the public 1.
The annual net profit increases the number of clients and channels abroad, and we promote a rapid increase in sales of company-group inverters. We expect public unit prices: on the one hand, companies keep increasing the proportion of customers abroad and raise the average invertor power to help reverse.
Each share increases its sales value and, on the other hand, as new entrants into the industry increase, the competition may lead to a fall in sales prices in the inverter sector. We expect companies to have a set of inverters unit prices for 2022-2024.
28 50/2573/2300 per station, corresponding unit capacity price is 0.26/0.23/0.19/w, respectively. Māori ratio: with the easing of pressure from the igbt shortage and the gradual increase in the integration of the corporate inverters, the capacity of the corporate cost end control is gradually increasing, and we expect that the change in the inverter cost end is largely stable.
Sales: Globally distributed storage industries with high installed storage power transformers, with companies expanding their customers and channels abroad, and promoting high sales of corporate storage against transformers. We expect companies to have a relatively high share of overseas prices, with higher sales per unit of exportable products contributing to corporate storage.
In the long run, the storage industry, with its demand for precipitation, is expected to increase the number of new entrants into the industry, and competition is likely to lead to a fall in sales prices for the storage reversible. We expect the company to have a reversal of its reserves in 2022-2024.
Māori ratio: With the easing of the pressure of the igbt shortage and the gradual increase in the integration of the company ' s products, the company ' s cost-side controls are gradually increasing, and we expect that changes in the cost end of the storage energy transformer will be largely stable. We anticipate sales: in the context of the high rate of photovoltaic development of the global distribution, especially in South America (Brazil), the United States, Europe, etc.
The proportion of residential buildings using micro-reversers is increasing, while companies are expanding their customers and channels abroad and promoting high sales of company micro-reversers. We expect the company to sell micro-reversers in 2022-2024. Unit prices: company micro-reversers are largely out of business. Over the long term, new entrants are expected to increase in the industry.
Māori ratio: With the easing of pressure from the igbt shortage and the gradual increase in the integration of the company ' s products, the company ' s cost-side controls are gradually increasing, and we expect that changes in the cost end of microreversers will be largely stable.
Under these assumptions, we expect the company to realize a net return profit by 2022-2024, taking into account the company ' s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company ' s reasonableness.
A 3 per cent risk-free rate and a 6.2 per cent equity risk premium have been calculated, resulting in a Wacc rate of 8.73 per cent.A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and constant growth, is presented in the following table.
The company's main business is a photovoltaic cluster inverter, a microreverser and a storage energy transformer, and we've selected the following. 1) Solidwee and Jump technology photovoltaic products are mainly a series inverter, covering the power segment of 3kw-300kw, the same product as the German stock in the chain inverter. In the field of storage energy products, the three companies store the main power of the energy product.
Each section is 3kw-30kw, covering household storage and business storage. For sales areas, all three are sold to Europe, the United States, Latin America, India, and South Africa, where the products and outlets of the three companies are similar and comparable. 2) The stockholdings and the photovoltaic products of the silicon technology are mainly micro-reversers, with a major capacity of 1kw up and down.
In the area of sales, three focus areas include Brazil and Europe. In the case of storage power transformers, the share in the stock is similar to that in the German sector, and the product covers the household capacity.
3) Sun-powered photovoltaic products cover mainly ground power stations with high-power segments, storage products cover mainly large-scale storage of high-power segments, while operations are directed towards a series of inverters in the medium- and low-power segments, household storage capacity is expanded and do not compete with German equity operations.
Overall, the above five companies are similar to their German shares in the product and distribution areas, and will compete directly in the reverses track, now or in the future, with a greater degree of comparability. The current market is focusing more on the 23-year valuation, which is 34.1 times the average of the 23-year average of the company because of industry performance.
Given the high level of intra-industry integration and profitability of the company, we give the company 30-33 timespe in 2023, the results of the above-mentioned absolute valuation and the relative valuation of the value of the company's stock are, in our view, reasonable valuation of the company's stock.
We have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, and a combination of multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company based on certain assumptions.
the calculation of free cash flows in the next few years, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the optimism that led to the valuation
The selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies has been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to valuation deviations High risk: and income profitability projections higher than actual values
The impact of the weighted average capital cost (wacc) on the firm's absolute valuation is very significant, and we assume that the risk-free rate of interest is 3.0 per cent and the risk premium 6.2 per cent in the calculation of the Wacc, and that there may still be low estimates or discounts for these parameters.
(b) We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 2 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may make significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation.
Relative valuation: We have selected companies that are doing the same or similar business, including Sunshine Power, the annual average of Jumpco as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the growth and profitability of the company, and the risk that average sales and prices in the industry are expected to be optimistic, thereby overestimating performance over the next three years.
Underestimated and overestimated costs of the Division, resulting in higher than actual forecast of corporate profits over the next three years, there is also a risk of overestimation of global photovoltaic storage capacity if it is not installed as expected. The risk of fluctuations in raw material prices is that the raw materials required for the production of the company’s main product, photovoltaic reverse transformers, are predominantly electronic.
Elements, structures, and accessories. As a result of the epidemic, the global trade environment and international logistics have changed considerably, the market is faced with imbalances in supply and demand, logistical constraints, etc., which in turn have led to shortages in the supply of specific electrical components such as transistors, price increases, etc. of companies. Currently, the electronic components are mainly imported.
For reasons such as stability, technological indicators, etc., it is not possible to fully replace national production.
If the country’s foreign exchange policy changes, or the currency exchange rate fluctuates significantly, it may have a negative impact on the company’s product exports and business performance.
To some extent, the industry of reverse transformers is influenced by national policies, which may result in a risk of less than expected sales earnings/profits for companies as a result of policy changes. Corporate products are used mainly for exports, export refund policies have a greater impact on the company’s operations, and trade in the future.
Friction, China's export tax refund policy may change, leading to a climate of uncertainty in the company's operations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future