Jo Xudong has a strong statute of limitations, and international operations are expected to accelerate.
The company is the leading global logistics service provider, positioning high- and medium-end markets, including couriers, fast shipments, cold chains, colliding, and so on. With high capital inputs, the company has a solid statute of limitations river, with significant advantages in timeliness and quality of service.
Given that the company’s valuation is currently at a historically low level, it is recommended that the statute of limitations moat be closed. The price wars in the express delivery industry have not stopped since 2024, and the economy-based one-way ticket price fell by 10.5% over the period January-May, while the company bill was collected during the same period.
The decline of only 5.2% is due mainly to the higher bargaining power of the company's essential package of express delivery operations. Although express delivery companies are accelerating the gradation of services, such as the "centre speed" of mid-to-central upgrades, round-to-end "circle reference" and so on, the company's base plate is still in place.
Stabilized, because the company's investment in air, road, etc. transport resources is huge, leading by 2019. On the other hand, as a result of direct camping patterns and digital inputs, the company has been on the line earlier, delivering services such as door-to-door, pre-mission appointments, and delivery of services to the public has been ranked first for many years in a row.
Since the beginning of the year, the demand for international air and sea transport has stabilized and prices have risen, and the company’s supply chain and international operations have been on the run since January-May.
In the face of cross-border logistics opportunities, companies have continued to expand their fleet in recent years, with their own fleets of 87, ahead of postal (35), circular (13), and already.
After completing the transfer of cargo routes at the International Airport in Oxyugia, in 2024, the airport was able to operate 20% of its capacity. The pace of opening international routes at Oxyuz Airport has now accelerated, with nine new routes, including Moskor and Chicago, starting 19 and reaching 22 international flights since the beginning of the year.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.