23h1 net profit from mother-to-child drops by 33 per cent in the same year, and looks forward to the growth space created by the start-up of the new project
The new semi-annual report for 2023 was published. In the first half of 2023, the company realized operating income of $7.419 billion.
The decline in income in the first half of 2023 was mainly due to market fluctuations in the nutrient plate, which affected sales prices. 1) Sub-products.
The nutrient board, which consists of 100,000 tons of devices for the 2-year period of ply amino acid, is operating smoothly and the combined competitive advantage is maintained.
Upgraded, 150,000 tons of installation infrastructure completed and vehicles prepared for the test; 180,000 tons/year liquid pine amino acid (purification) project under a joint venture with China Petroleum Industries Ltd.; 30,000 tons/year sulfonic acid project under the plan: 2,500 tons/year vitamin b5 project are normally produced and sold.
The new material plate, which produces 7,000 tons of pps per year, is produced and sold properly; it has been successfully tested and the project is proceeding in an orderly manner.
• The company adheres to the research and development concept of “demand-driven, internal and external” and has spent more than 5% of its operating income on research and development inputs over the years.
The University, the Danish company Cysbio Biotechnology, and other leading national and international institutions of higher learning work closely together to organize and use the resources of basic global scientific research for research in the field of forward-looking and applied chemistry.
Laboratories such as the Room, the Engineering Equipment Research Centre and others, equipped with advanced scientific equipment such as the 600-m ultra-temperature probe magnetic resonance device, equipped with supercritical reactions, high vacuum distillation, high pressure and hydrogen continuity, national and international leading technology such as peroxide and continuous crystallization, rated as the state-recognized Enterprise Technology Centre, the State
Post-doctoral research workstations, national model academic specialists ' workstations.