Industry warming is more supportive, with sustained performance on the ground.
\triangleright Practice No.: s15005229001 is an important apple supplier with a solid base plate. At the same time, it's a mate series of heavy hairs.
New machines like Miai's mobile phone are expected to be pumped into living water, domestic Andre's industrial chain, or accelerated warming. We believe that macroeconomics have been stable since this year, smartphone sales and pc sales have been reduced by the same time, and the current industry has become invisible; the company's core clients include apples, and the company's core customers are Apples.
The company’s new energy vehicle business \triangleright \triangleright
The layout went well, with the demand for products such as the central controls, dashboards, display screens, b-pillars, c-pillars, charge poles, new car glass, power cell structures, etc., and the customer import process accelerated. Moreover, AppleVisionpro or fast release is expected to inject more growth dynamics into the company.
The efficiency gains are significant, and profitability continues to be evident. Companies continue to improve their management levels, 2023 \triangleright, and corporate profitability gradually emerges.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In November 2022, the Combine Electronics Group joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc.
In September of that year, Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., Inc., was joined in December 2022 as an engineer in the light-engineer system by the Credit Certificate Electronics Group, which studied precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc. The study was directed towards the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc.
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.