Researchchand developmentcenter vaccine +ivd double-wheel drive with high performance growth
On March 17, 2022, 1.hpv vaccine production increased, and the company's performance grew faster than expected.
2. hpv vaccine release, driving high performance growth Vaccine +ivd double-wheel drive, high performance growth Events: Companies issued annual reports for 2021, generating operating income of $5.750 billion a year, a year-on-year increase
144.25% long, with net return profit of RMB 2,021 million, an increase of 198.59% in the same year, and substantial improvement in the performance of the company ' s operating income of $5.750 billion \triangleright in 2021.
In terms of capacity, pre-filled product lines were approved and carbohydrate-type production expanded to 30 million units per year.
In addition, there has been a rapid increase in the demand for external testing, in the sale of the company ' s new crown raw materials and in the export of external test agents, owing to the fact that the new coronary pneumonia epidemic has not been effectively controlled. In 2021, the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations achieved business income of 2,339 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
58.97% of the vaccine is equally visible, and the two-priced Hpv vaccine is expected to be released on a sustainable basis, and pq certification will open up the market space overseas. There is still several times more room for growth because of the high demand and low penetration rates for the Hpv vaccine.
The company ' s two-priced Hpv vaccine product has a clear advantage in terms of prices and vaccination procedures, adding to the favourable impetus of international and domestic policies, and the product is expected to be rapidly and continuously released. Since then, registration declarations have been initiated in Morocco, Thailand, Nepal, etc., in 2022.
There are plans to launch the Philippines, Egypt, Mexico, and several Gavi countries.
Co-operative research has been carried out at institutions of higher learning such as \triangleright and the University of Hong Kong; at the international level, the company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the United States of America, Baker Mankurt, and a new generation of Hpv vaccine developed in collaboration with gsk.
A second milestone has been reached, and an international clinical collaboration with Path on a second-priced hpv vaccine has been initiated in Ghana and Bangladesh: both projects are well under way. Of this, nine major Hpv trials of 111 have been completed and are in progress.
Vzv-7d. Clinical trials in ib: 20-priced pneumococcal cogeneration vaccine has been implicitly authorized and will be launched in 2022.
The company’s performance is expected to increase further once the product is marketed.
The risk factor is: the spread and distribution of the Hpv vaccine is below expectations, and the product is under-developed.
Lee Yuen, member of the team, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of practical work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) with a great deal of practical experience. He joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021, in charge of the research of medical instruments, and was a brilliant member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, who worked in the clinical co-works at ppctaz and paraexel, 2021 plus.
Incoming securities, responsible for research in the cxo sector; securities, responsible for research in the vaccine, blood products and pharmaceutical consumption; vouchers, responsible for research in scientific services and small molecular innovation.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.