Release of 2-priced hpv market demand, high-performance as expected Events: company disclosure of 2021 annual report, revenue earned in 2021 at $5.75 billion
q4 single quarter net profit of 833 million yuan (+296.24 per cent) was earned by the mother. The high performance growth was that the company continued to sell at a two-price hpv, the demand for offshore testing increased significantly, the company's new crown raw materials were sold and export revenues from offshore testing agents increased rapidly.
The total equity/flow (million shares) is about $600 million. Based on the release data disclosed by the Central Court of Justice, the company's second price of Hpv vaccine 160+ in 2021, we expect the volume to be around 10 million, based on grass-roots research.
The two-price hpv demand is high, and sales are expected to be equal to the batches in a single quarter.
At this rate, the market demand for Hpv is released at a price of two, and the company has a total capacity of 30 million Hpv vaccines per year. Hpv vaccines are currently available with low penetration rates, and free Hpv vaccination policies for young girls of appropriate age in many parts of the country are beneficial.
The Hpv vaccination penetration is expected to rise faster than expected, as compared to the high rate of growth and the successful expansion of production capacity.
The demand for the hpv market continues to flourish. The company’s second-price hpv continues to be very high - 2021/08/19 - the second-price hpv productive capacity expands smoothly.
Strong technology platforms, scarce vlps vaccine technology platforms, heavy weight varieties are just natural results of heavy weight technology flats -- 2021/04/22. Vlps platforms can produce better vaccines, corporate-owned large intestines worldwide.
The nuclear vlps vaccine system, which combines the immunological properties of the virus sampled particles, is good, safe, and breaks through the critical technical difficulties of the protein particle assembly of the original nuclear expression, with the perfect combination of production efficiency and immune effects.
Hepatitis vaccine, 2-price hpv, 9-price hpv, 3-stage clinic, new generation Hpv vaccine (in collaboration with gsk). Among the products studied, the most advanced is the 9-priced hpv, the third dose of clinical inoculation has been completed, and the first-to-first-first-to-first clinical trial with the Mossadon 9 vaccine has been initiated.
The project was completed with a clinical experiment with a small age bridge. Investment proposal: the company built a 2-priced hpv market demand release with a high-performance schedule.
The seedling technology platform, which has broken through the critical technical difficulties of the original nuclear expression protein particle assembly, has achieved a perfect combination of production efficiency and immuno-effects. In addition to the publicly available hepatitis vaccine and the second-priced cervical cancer virus, the platform ' s nine-priced cervical cancer vaccine is undergoing three clinical trials and is being updated.
A generation of cervical cancer vaccines and rotavirus vaccines. Two-price hpv production can expand successfully, driving a two-price hpv market demand release, a high-performance growth institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.