Increase in the sale of vaccine products from researchchand developmentcenter hpv and higher-than-expected growth in corporate performance
1.hpv vaccine release on February 14, 2022, driving high growth in performance.
Event: The company released its 2021 performance report, which is expected to generate operating income of $5.750 billion, an increase of 144.25 per cent over the year, a net return to the mother of $2,016 million, an increase of 197.83 per cent over the year
In terms of capacity, as a result of the approval of the pre-infusion of the sealed product line in April and the expansion of the production capacity of the Silin Bottle type in July, the company's total Hpv vaccine production at two-in-one prices has increased significantly.
It has been expanded to 30 million units/year, with a gradual increase in the volume of batch issuances from the third quarter of 2021; on the sales side, according to information and projections from the Central Court of Justice, the company ' s second-price Hpv vaccine in 2021 was issued 163 doses, with a volume of about 10 million, taking into account the high demand in the market and its supply.
In terms of demand, we believe that the product is currently in a state of near-full sales, with a significant increase in sales compared to 2020. Moreover, because the new coronary pneumonia epidemic is still not effectively controlled, the need for out-of-country testing has increased significantly, as well as the company’s revenue from the sale of new coronary raw materials and export of overseas testing agents.
Multi-factor driven Hpv vaccine continues to be released. 1) We have a high demand for Hpv vaccine and still have a few \triangleright multipliers: 2) The company has a low price of Hpv vaccine and coverage year compared to imported products
(b) Following the provision of a two-priced Hpv vaccine for female students around 14 years of age in Xiamen City and Inner Mongolia, Guangdong Province plans to fund $600 million in 2022-2024 for the first woman under 14 years of age.
Students provide a two-priced hpv vaccine free of charge, and it is hoped that in the future government procurement projects will be available in more cities; 4) The company ' s two-price hpv vaccine has been pre-certified by WHO and is expected to export its products overseas, opening up a wider market for the volume.
The development of tube lines is rich and progressing well. The third dose of the nine-price hpv clinical trial has been completed.
(vzv-7d) Clinical trials have been carried out: 20-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine has been approved for clinical trials. The company is well under way and will gradually enter the harvest period, and the product is expected to be marketed Risk factors: Hpv vaccine promotion and marketing are below expectations and product development is below expectations.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Lee Yuen, member of the team, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of practical work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) with a great deal of practical experience. He joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021, in charge of the research of medical instruments, and was a brilliant member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, who worked in the clinical co-works at ppctaz and paraexel, 2021 plus.
Incoming securities, responsible for research in the cxo sector; securities, responsible for research in the vaccine, blood products and pharmaceutical consumption; vouchers, responsible for research in scientific services and small molecular innovation.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.