On August 31, 2020, wheel tires (601058.sh) were raised by 25.26 per cent over the same year. In terms of the composition of the company ' s revenues, in the first half of 2020, the company ' s factory in Viet Nam earned 1.94 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 10 per cent over the same year.
Realising net profits of 517 million yuan, an increase of 59 per cent over the same period. At the end of 2019, the company, a joint venture with the platinum firm, was officially operating in the province of West Ning, Viet Nam, with 2.4 million steel tires per year (65 per cent of the shares of the company) and further growth in the capacity of the company in Viet Nam.
\triangleright The US double counter-investigation in South-East Asia has less impact on companies. In May 2020, the U.S. Iron and Steel Workers Federation (usw) submitted an application to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. International Trade Commission for anti-dumping or countervailing investigations to be initiated in passenger and light truck tyres from parts of South-East Asia, including Viet Nam.
According to the target of the counter-survey, the survey was only for used tires and light-card tyres, i.e., semi-steeds. According to the company’s production profile in Viet Nam, only 13 million/years of steel production were affected by the survey with the third stage of production in Viet Nam, and the percentage of exports to the United States was small. In addition, the survey was different for different regions. The tax rate for the South Korean region was 42-95%, for Thailand was 106-217%, while the tax for Viet Nam was limited to Viet Nam.
14% - 33%, and Viet Nam is significantly lower than Korea and Thailand, so we believe that even if the two counter-sanctions ended up on the ground, Viet Nam will remain a cost-difficult region of the country's main tire business overseas!
\triangleright \ Viet Nam-EU Trade Agreement entered into force as soon as July, with a round of Vietnamese production capacity.
The company has also signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Science Major Data Industries Development Pilot Project 2020. The company has joined forces to build Rubber Acceleration! 2020.2 Overseas Productions are not affected by the epidemic, and High Growth is still highly certain!
A joint innovation centre for artificial intelligence in the tyre industry, which will jointly create the country's first “rubber industry equipment sound library”, will promote the depth of the artificial intelligence and rubber tyre industry. Net profits will increase by 80%, and overseas production will release sustainable power generation.
In the future, the company will work with the Federation of West Ham for the top English league. In the future, the company will launch an offline campaign with the Federation of West Ham to further the story, "Sharing out brings about a big industrial change, a national tires takeoff!"
\triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
For the period 2020-2022, itd reached 0.53, 0.65 and 0.79, respectively. For the year 2020, the pe is eight times the price and is given a “buy-in” rating.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Industries Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is engaged in research in the chemical industry, Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Suddash Securities”) with the qualification of a portfolio of securities advisory services approved by the China Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.