24 April 2025: company annual report for 2024 and first quarter report for 2025.
Winch shares (share code: 300498.sz) Xie Chee-Yu profits by 2.001 billion yuan, resulting in a reversal of the deficit (the same period of 24 years - 1,236 million yuan).
The company performed well and its profitability increased significantly. The company performed well after having benefited from falling prices for feed raw materials, effective disease control, improved production performance, and lower costs of farming. 24 years of company sales were equal to + 15% in 24 years, and the key indicators for breeding improved continuously. 24 years of company sales of meat and pork.
For the same period, 4.3% of the country ' s pigs were born. The average market price of the male pig was $16.71/kg, or 12.83%. The average price of the male pig was reduced by 6.3/kg in February, and the regional margin was gradually reduced.
The comparative depth of 300 shows that in 24 years the volume of yellow feather chicken sales exceeded 1.2 billion, and the competitive advantage of the company’s source was highlighted. In 24 years, the company sold 1,208 million chickens, +2.09 per cent of the same year, accounting for 6.97 per cent of the country’s poultry output, with the largest number of companies.
+1.36 The company ' s chicken-raising business emphasizes breed selection and disease purification, the continuing competitive advantage of the species, and 95% listing of the chickens. According to the company ' s announcement, in February 25 years, the company ' s chicken-farming rate rose to 95.2%, and the total cost of chickens dropped to $5.6/kg; the company ' s chicken sales for 25 years were equal to more than 5%.
Investment proposals: The company has a dual ownership of pig-breeding, chicken-breeding, low/continuing optimization at the cost level, and the company ' s profits in pig-breeding business are still expected; and the company ' s overall profitability may be achievable, taking into account factors such as the low supply of yellow chicken, the rising demand from consumption, and so on. We expect it to be in 2025-26 years.
[Galactic Farm Shenzhe Yu] In-depth report _Wends shares $1.4, $1.82, 12 times pe and nine times pe, maintaining a “recommended” rating (300498.sz): through cycle mists, breeding two dragons to go ahead.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.