24q3 income meets expectations and cash flows have improved significantly.
Shanghai Medicine (stock code: 601607) □ Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn won increase by 9.95% from year to year. Corporate commercial distribution continues to grow faster than industry averages and shows a ring ratio
Accelerating the trend; thanks mainly to the rapid expansion of the commercial drug cso contract, the company successfully introduced 13 import-generation varieties in the third quarter of 2024, generating $6.1 billion in sales revenue, compared to the growth of the research assistant Xiaoxong.
176.3 per cent; there has also been a better growth in the non-pharmaceutical business of the commercial sector, with the high-health operations of the appliances of the previous three quarters achieving product lines, cutting off low-economic-value projects and shifting resources to areas worth significant development. 2,268 million yuan (+241.57 per cent) in operating cash flow from the 2024q3 company has improved significantly over the same period last year.
New drug research and development has been steadily advanced to accelerate the development of large varieties of Chinese medicine. The company has been driving the process of research and development of new medicines, driven by technological innovation, and currently 60 new drug lines are in the processing or clinical trial phase of applications from ind, 46 of which are innovative, and 3 of which have already conducted ii clinical studies in the United States.
The company has continued to advance its branding strategy, which includes heart-breeding, polio capsules, coronary nipples, eight bobble Dans, stomach respirator, six varieties of silver almondone esters under secondary development and evidence-based medical research, and a further increase in the number of cases in the group, with a good overall development.
The company responded positively to the Shanghai City Council's 300-degree strategy to optimize the biopharmaceutical innovation industry by integrating “research medicine” in August 2024.
Resources have created a forward industrial innovation centre for biopharmaceuticals in Shanghai. The Shanghai frontier has attracted the Xedolis group, the Shanghai Congenital Biocell Technology, the Shanghai Institute of Biopharmaceutical Technology, Bayerco.lab and Bayer.