Medicines group cso grew 176% over the same period, creating open-source innovation ecology, creating open-source innovation ecology, pooling resources such as “manufacturing medicine” and transforming innovation.
1. Shanghai Medicines Corporation Review: Innovations Sustained, cso Business Progressed with Year-on-Year Growth. (1) The company collected nearly $20.96 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 6.14 per cent in the same year.
A total of 191,345 million yuan, an increase of 8.28 per cent over the same period. (2) The pharmaceutical industry has 60 clinical tubes and 46 innovative drugs; of these, 3 are in the United States for the second phase of the clinic.
On 8 August, the Shanghai Institute of Medicine was launched by the Shanghai Government Network, which launched the Shanghai Frontier Park, “Shanghai Front” in 2023.10.29, which was co-founded by the Shanghai Institute.
On 20 and 10/26/27 September, the company signed cooperation agreements with Xedolis, Shanghai Congenerous Technologies Ltd., Bayerco.lab and Shanghai City Institute of Biomedicine Technology.
Evidence-based medical research on six medium-sized pharmaceutical products such as Podan, stomach respiratory, and silver almondone esters has advanced, and the number of cases in the group has increased further. New exploration of business models in the field of innovative medicines, with a similar increase in contracts for cso (sales outsourcing services)
176.3 per cent. (1) In January-September 2024, the company successfully introduced 13 types of imported total generation; The company ' s pharmaceutical coso extension business generated sales revenue of about $6.1 billion, an increase of 176.3 per cent over the same period; and the company ' s large equipment and health business was sold of about 32.6 billion, an increase of 11.9 per cent over the same period. (2)
In October 2024, the U.S.P.U. held an exchange meeting and a signing ceremony for new products with the China of Wudian in the health benefits of the upper medicine cloud: the pharmacy complex. The objective of the drug store was to create the largest integrated network of pharmacies throughout the country, making it the first innovable drug in the country.
The new items signed are the innovative drugs "Assisting and Stop" and "Vine and Stop" (reorganizing the use of vinyl carcinogen alpha for blood-vascular affinities).
We maintain collection forecasts. The company is expected to achieve the risk of less than anticipated, less strategic cooperation and less than expected growth in the collection of innovative medicines and large Chinese drug varieties by 2024/25/26.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.