Eli shares (60887), profit improvement in the main business, dividends worth a lot of money.
In general, the industry is under pressure and the company is still growing in volume, thanks mainly to the introduction of the new national tender for infant powder, which has produced a mathic effect and increased corporate presence; 2) the upgrading of gold medallion products and the introduction of new products to the market; and 3) the corresponding increase in the number of new sources of products.
Generation + demand climate recovery has been limited and companies have taken the initiative to adjust their marketing rhythms to lead the industry out of cyclical difficulties and long-term healthy development; milk powder operations have increased at a better rate than industry by the same ratio of -0.2 per cent; cold drinks operations have continued with a higher profitability than the original milk cost dividend. 23 whole year: net return interest rate of 8.3 per cent, the same rate.
Compared to +0.6 pcts, the net interest rate for non-repatriation is equal to +1.0 pcts. The year-round splits, the Māori ratio is equal to +0.3 pcts, mainly due to lower original milk costs, sales costs are equal to -0.7 pcts, mainly due to company precision planning advertising marketing costs, digital upgrading and the release of scale effects, and the difference in gross sales is equal to +1.0 pcts.
The parent rate is 18.2%, excluding the sale of coal mine disposal, and the parent interest rate is equal to +1.5 pcts. By split, the Māori rate is equal to +2.0 pcts, the original milk cost dividend is continuous, the sales cost is equal to +1.4 pcts, the main result of which is a phased promotion cost investment; the gross sales margin is better than the same.
At the profit end, the cost dividend of raw milk and package material will continue to be 24q2, with the expectation that the price of milk will remain low throughout the year, while the company’s costs will be widely announced.
In the medium-to-long term, the amount of corporate income is highly stable and dynamic, the stock track is highly competitive and the penetration rate is steadily increasing; the incremental market benefits from a pre-earmarked Ely's performance rating in the third quarter of 2023.
The layout and brand advantages, the convergence of adult nutrition, cold drinks, etc., with consumption trends, along with the establishment of channels and the optimization of costs, significant improvements in profitability, and the long-term upswing of interest rates for the upgrading of the vernacular enabling + lean control + class structure; the company is expected to travel through the week again.
There is a clear trend toward improved long-term profitability, with short-term buy-backs highlighting confidence, high red rates bringing long-term allocation value, and a commitment to a diligent and professional approach to producing this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
The plates (food supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.) are good at deepening the value of the industry’s investment through historical revisits and comparisons with overseas perspectives. This report is provided to its customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.