The liquid sheeting is still to be repaired, the multiplate is growing, and the company Erie (600887.sh) incident evaluation report was published on 29th of April, 2023rd annual report, 2024.
Quarterly report of sanss@cfsc.com.cn on the repurchase of company shares by way of a centralized competitive transaction.
With the current initiative of the Division to adjust the flow tempo and the procurement and digestion of upstream sources of milk as it evolves over the course of the pipeline, the pressure on the receipt of the 2024q1 battalion is mainly due to weak demand for consumption after the high base/spring season, resulting in oversupply from upstream supply and insufficient demand recovery.
0.3 pct/2pcts, Māori rates are on the rise, mainly as a result of improved product structure and lower original milk prices, and Māori rates are expected to remain -1 pct/+1pc - to ensure smooth progress in liquid milk adjustment and company plans to increase
In addition, the company offers a buy-back programme, in which the number of repurchases is expected to result in the write-off and reduction of registered capital, which is expected to enhance market confidence and investor returns, as a result of the company's initiative to adjust the pace of sales for long-term healthy development.
After the first half of the year, when the liquid milk channel was combed, it recovered steadily in the second half of the year. (2) Milk powder and milk plates are largely flat and superior to the industry. In 2023, milk powder and dairy products were collected, and functional products were developed. The current distribution of infant powder is 16.2% in the same market.
2 pcts, with increased concentration in the industry, companies are expected to gain more market share as head brands. In addition, the company cheese business tob is growing rapidly and there is much room for growth in the long term. 3) The penetration and structural upgrading of cold drinks products remains empty.
In 2023, the company collected cold-drinking products through a variety of measures, such as enhanced brand matrix/channel construction/marketing of new products, to capture the growth potential of drinking products in the three or four-line market and among young consumers.
At the same time, the company actively organized the international market through Aoi-Yu-Yu.
The distribution pattern shows that in 2023, the company’s sales/breaths, respectively, remained strong, its channels/products protected the city, and its revenues were expected to pass through.
• Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.