Events: Eli published 2023 and the first quarterly report 2024. In 2023, when the company achieved harvests and spring festivals, the income side continued to grow steadily.
Cyclops show a strong recovery, with a year-on-year income of 0.72 per cent; milk powder and dairy operations rely on a rapid increase in the composition of people's powder plates, with a year-on-year income of 5.10 per cent; the cold drink business continues to experience a sustained increase, with a year-on-year income of 11.72 per cent.
Higher impact: revenues from the liquid milk business were equal to -3.4 per cent; the milk powder and dairy industry continued to recover 24q1, with negative growth in corporate incomes as a result of the continued slow recovery in consumer demand. In this case, revenues from the liquid milk business were under pressure, at the same rate as -6.81 per cent; and revenues from the milk powder and dairy industry.
A smooth, same-0.20 per cent performance; a fast-growing trend in the cold-drinking business, with revenue of 32.58 per cent for the company as a whole in the year \triangleright, and an increase of 0.32 pct in the same year to the end of the product.
The increase is mainly due to an increase in the Māori rate of liquid milk, which is largely due to a decrease in the cost end. At the cost end, companies continue to reduce their efficiency gains, compressed costs, sales costs and management costs to varying degrees, leading to a comparison of the company’s losses in terms of impairment of assets.
In the same period in 2022, when the net return margin rose to 60 bp, it was overachieved, and we assumed that it was due to the continued fall in milk prices and the structural upgrading of product groups. Despite a slight increase in the cost of sales and management, the return on investment from selling Chang Qi Sheng's new product.
The profits have increased considerably, with the net profit rate of the deduction of the proceeds, which is 11.44 per cent, and the same line of excellence, which captures innovation, efficiency, and the new track. Despite the short-term wave of macro-demand demand \triangleright
Momentum, but the company’s leading position on each track was further strengthened in 2023. In 2023, the public division’s liquid milk business and market share were in the top of the market; overall milk sales were in the top of the Chinese market; and cold drinks were in the top of the market for 29 years. In 2023, the company was in the top position.
Sinda Securities Inc. invests in innovation, both in forward-looking technology, with revenue from innovative products rising as a percentage of income.cindsecuritiesco.,ltd
To 16.8%; on the other hand, to promote the intellectual transformation of the whole industry chain, the efficiency of the company's whole chain, and the significant increase in the number 1 building of the 9th House of the City of the City of the West Side, Beijing. In addition, the company speeds up the distribution of the whole life cycle of a healthy industry, making milk powder.
Business is divided into adult nutrition, infant and child nutrition, and preparation for a new course for nutritional health throughout the life cycle. Vision 24: steady progress. Despite slow paces, the expected recovery in dairy consumption remains.
\triangleright optimistic. On this basis, the company is expected to earn $130 billion this year, with a higher score and buyback, and strong investor confidence. At the same time, the company announces that it intends to find gold in each share.
\triangleright stock buy-backs and write-offs in a bid-trading manner that enhances investor confidence and enhances investor return projections and investment ratings: the recovery remains optimistic, taking bottom chances.
\triangleright costs fluctuate in the short term, but we are still optimistic about their recovery. According to our research, per capita dairy consumption is positively related to per capita gdp, and our per capita gdp
The rate of increase is still in the medium-digit range. We have reason to believe that China’s dairy consumption is expected to be high, that the tttm valuation has reached the bottom of the decade, and that the company has accumulated \triangleright.
In 2015, he entered the country with a marketing + research experience, and in 2020 he formed a food and beverage team.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, salted-and-salts, glycerine foods, etc.), and wine in the An Qui region (acquainted with the Gui Gon, the glorified wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from the Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, five grain fluids, Penang State cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, riverine shares, present-day fate, sauce plates, etc.) Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of U.S.A.
The milk giant Saputo is engaged in research and development, with a one-year experience in food and beverage research. It currently covers mainly dairy products (in-depth study of the shares of Elie, Montagnard, Good Bluedo, Kabyo, etc.). The components are neither relevant nor relevant, nor will they be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.