The profits are slightly higher than expected, the high-quality growth of the Qing Qing Dragon Head - Shanxi Wine (600809.sh) incident evaluation report, 26 October 2023, Shanxi Wine published the third quarter report for 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn short-expected profits, effective cost control, changes in product structure, and a series of products like Panama, Old Whites, and so forth.
Net interest rate rises from 4 pc to 34.40 per cent, mainly in the control of corporate spending Rate decreases from 1 pct to 3.82 per cent and turnover tax and surcharge decreases from 1 pct to 16.02 per cent Rates have been reduced, especially by lower sales cost rates
Large, mainly because of increased cost control and the relative backward payment of costs. At the cash flow end, the net cash flow from 2023q3 operating activities is $2,096 million (combined with reduced control of the goods).
The speed of the waist product, the balance of the product, the alcohol product, the high-priced wine/other alcohol product in 2023q1-q3, the speed of the expected ring drops slightly, and the growth of the waist series of products such as Panama, the old white man, etc.
Quick, the percentage rises effectively and in line with the corporate overall product strategy.
Keeps stable and faster than in the province, and the market opens up faster.
The stock of the former company is still in a benign state, and it is expected to be kept in good stock in four quarters, 131 more than at the beginning of the year.
Head growth, full price-coated product rotations, have kept up with steady performance growth. According to public-economic downside risk, 20 more less than expected, less than expected, 30 more more than expected, and so on.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In June 2023, he joined the Chinese securities studies to reflect his research. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't,
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.