Shanxi wine (60809.sh) was announced to King to collect $26.75 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 20.8 per cent, a net profit of $9.43 billion.
The growth rate in the three-quarters is slower than the rate of h1, which we believe is mainly controlled to digest social stocks and affect spring season savings. Regionally, income of $3.13 billion was achieved in the provinces, up 9% from the same period, and out-of-town income of 45.8 is growing at a slower rate than in the first half of the year, with the impact of controls, and the growth of the waist is accelerating.
On the other hand, there has been an increase in marketing during the 3q season, with a corresponding decrease in the 3q Māori rate, which is the result of a 6.2 pcts decrease in the cost control of companies during the reporting period, compared to the same period, to the effect of increased corporate channels and delays in the release of part of the costs; in addition, the management cost rate
The same-year decline of 0.56 pcts to 3.82% shows an improvement in internal management efficiency. This year, the company’s emphasis on channeling and product market order is starting at the end of September, when the price of Saffron 30 Renaissance was raised from $780 per bottle to $830 per bottle.
Institutional investors account for a high percentage of growth targets. At present, the Saffron series is over 10 billion in size, standing at the lower end of the spectrum, and growing demand is likely to grow in the future as firm lines and nationalization continue to advance.
Division management is optimized and the quality of development is constantly improving, and “buy-in” is maintained.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.