Sansai wine (60809.sh) salesmen's meeting boosted confidence, and in 2024, the firm's research is on its way.
On December 6, 2023, the Global Congress of Global Distributors of 2023 Liquor was held in Taiwon.
The country believes in eating and drinking: 1) management maintains long-termism and does not grow at the expense of its power. 2) Internal organizational mechanisms are streamlined, with some regions now converting to competitive distributors. 3) Sunflower 30, Renaissance completes a systematic synthesizing and culture is one of the forms of branding. 4) Investment proposal: The chasm continues to grow faster, maintaining earlier profit forecasts, and we expect the company to harvest 2023-2025.
Management maintains long-termism and does not grow at the expense of growth. In the past, Shanxi Liquor has seen quarterly fluctuations in performance, and it is expected that, with long-term management stability, the company will gradually fine-tune the pace of operations, provide precision to match effective demand, and ensure a “volume-price-stock” cycle. The year 2024 was a year of corporate management improvement, and we expect business to be run.
The growth hub is around 20%. After entering the 30 billion volume of wine, a lateral comparison between business certainty (the growth instruments are adequate), appropriate fine-tuning of the pace of operations can sustain a virtuous growth without sacrificing its potential.
From an organizational perspective, the company’s margins are characterized by a number of features: 1) rejuvenation, the company’s front-end marketing front-line team up to 90, and the marketing team is motivated and motivated. 2) The marketing team is more loyal, with most of the front-end marketing teams being “soldiers”, the organization is more resilient and does not engage in short-term behavioral harming brands and markets. 3) Vendor relations are more harmonious, and many of the big businesses grow up with the company and the public.
Second, the company strengthens the market order and price board, guarantees the dealer’s profits, and lays the foundation for this year’s revival of some of the competing dealers in the Shandong region. Sunflower 30 Regeneration completes its systematic synthesizing, and culture is one of the forms of branding.
In the past, rum, as a typical brand, product-based business, has been learning from other alcohol companies, marketing, etc. This year, we found that wine marketing is more of our own quality: 1) bobble-driven consumer atmosphere and consumer culture, independently out of the unique path of “low and high”; 2) sunflower 20 extremes are expected to grow on the path of the crystal sword, and this year sunflower 20 is out of the country with overvalued value and brand power.
The market has grown excessively. After the 30-year-old Renaissance has taken over business needs, the popular banquets or 20-year-olds have grown. 3) Cultural wine is expected to support the 30-year Renaissance exercise, and companies have addressed the issues of the regenerative organization, cost-investment, and distributor management, with the prospect of a faster growth under the “cultural wine”.
Investment Recommendations: Celebrity White Leader continues to grow faster, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, increasing competition; demand recovery is less than expected; policy risks, etc. Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) - Active Control of Business Rhysics, Focusing on the Quality of Performance Growth - 2023-10-28
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject