Shanxi wine (600809.sh) has taken the initiative to control the pace of business, focus on the quality of performance growth Food beverages White wine ii
Three quarters showed a high growth in performance and a year-long mandate was achieved. In the single quarter, the company achieved a gross operating income of $7,733 million, or +13.55 per cent; a net return to the mother of $2,664 million, or +27.12 per cent; and three quarters took the initiative to control the pace of operations and the waist products began to function.
The Panamanian + 25%/close + 20%/ 20% + year-on-year ratio, with a sharper growth rate of 25 cerebral products and a more pronounced recovery in the market, mainly for the $100-300 banquet. The Saffron series, Xinghua 30 recovery, continues to operate over a long period of time and is expected to grow in the first three quarters; it is 25 octopus.
Quick, focus on market order control outside the province. Cost refinements continue, with a marked increase in net interest rates on a year-on-year basis. Māori ratio, single-q3 total Māori ratio, equal to -2.9 pcts, mainly q3 control of the sunflower rhythm, last-year base effects, and
At the cost side, the single q3 sales rate is the same as that of 5.8 pcts, mainly due to the fine-tuning of corporate channels, the weakening of incremental costs and the transformation of the cost into a model return, which is expected to be reflected in q4 as a result of the return of the year, etc.
The single q3 net interest rate is the same as the +3.6 pct, which is mainly a cost-side optimization contribution. The operating rhythm disrupts q3, contract liabilities, and performance has increased steadily throughout the year.
Marketing control moves from quantitative to qualitative, looking at internal management efficiency gains. In cost control, marketing starts to contribute in incremental quantities, internal refinements from volume to quality change key nodes, and companies roll out distributor hierarchy, digital marketing.
Systemic and price control systems, with market costs shifting from the previous “one-size-fits-all” to the “one-size-fits-all” approach, which was “a 32% increase in the revenue of Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) in the second quarter, with the Saffron series as a percentage”.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Performance growth highlights brand power, cost reforms provide a solid mechanism and organizational profile for the medium- and long-term development of the company.
High Quality Harvesting in Shanxi (600809.sh) 2022, Accelerating High Level 2023 Investment Proposal: Maintaining the previous profit forecast, we expect the company to realize a net non-repatriate profit of $9.428 billion in 2023-2025, an increase of 32.75% over the same period.
773.3 billion yuan, or +13.55 per cent; net return to the mother of 2,664 million yuan, or +27.12 per cent; three-quarter active control of the operating rhythm, with the hip products starting to work. In the first three quarters, we expect the Saffron series + 25 per cent + Panama + Old White and Botanium + 20 per cent +, the Saffron 25 and the waist product to grow at a rate of +25 per cent + or close to +20 per cent +
Renaissance continues to operate over a long period of time and is expected to grow in the first three quarters; Qinghua 25 benefits from the advancement of cost refinements in the province, with a marked increase in net interest rates. The Māori ratio is the same for single-q3 as for single-q3 and -2.9 pcts, mainly q3 for control of the Qinghua rhythm, last-year base effects, and public feast demand.
At the cost side, single-q3 sales rates are equal to 5.8 pcts, mainly based on fine-tuning of company channel costs, weakening of incremental costs and shifting to fuzzy returns, followed by annual returns, which are expected to be reflected in q4 and remain at the same rate throughout the year. Single-q3 net interest rate
The same ratio +3.6 pct, mainly due to cost-side optimization. Marketing controls move from quantitative to qualitative, looking at internal management efficiency gains. In cost control, marketing is at a key node from quantitative to qualitative change, and companies have successively introduced distributor-level management systems, digital marketing systems and prices.
The regulatory system, with market costs shifting from a “one-size-fits-all, rough-down” to a “level-up-precision” in the past. From internal management, a systematic process of collating and managerial upgrading has been initiated within the company to provide a solid mechanism and organizational profile for its medium- and long-term development.
Investment proposals: maintaining previous profit projections, we expect the company to achieve revenue collection in 2023-2025, figure 1: First-quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of dollars, per cent) and figure 2: First-quarter net profit and rate of increase for Shanxi wine (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Single-quarter net interest rate of Shanxi Liquor (in %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future