Proactive speed control, maintenance of power, Sansai wine (600809.sh) active price control, light-loading channels. 23q3, company revenue of $7,733 million.
With faster growth (year-on-year +23.98 per cent), the company took the initiative to control speed in three quarters, resolving some of the issues of channel feedback, such as price instability, increased stock pressure, and with the continuation of the product, we judge that the wine wins the second-high average at the level of actual sales and injects the channel.
Confidence. We expect that the four quarters will remain in control, with a steady 20% growth target set at the beginning of the year, and will open the door for next year. The subregion looks at the third quarter of Shanxi Province, with revenue of $3.27 billion, or 9.06%, and the extra-provincial revenue of $4,585 million, or 17.10%.
Despite quarterly fluctuations in revenue growth within and outside the company’s province, the revenue share has remained stable at 4:6 within and outside the province, with channel buffers facilitated by quarterly reconciliations. Controls have led to single-quarter Māori fluctuations, without fear for the long term.
For $7,712 million, or +13.70 per cent, of which: 5.79 billion dollars in high-price white wine, or 2.46 pct in high-price white wine as compared to the level of last year's year, the product structure continues to rise. Three quarters of the year's Māori rate is between 2.87 pct and 75.04 per cent.
Mainly, the 100-300-dollar old platinum, the speed of growth in Panama, and the growth in the Saffron series, under the control strategy, slowed down in the first half of the year. We believe that three quarters of the decline in the Māori rate is special and does not change the growth logic of the Saffron series, and that the company's market progress at the lower end and above prices is positive.
Shanxi wine (600809.sh): As you can see, with the solid progress of the nationalization strategy, it is expected that the product structure will continue to be upgraded.
The return pattern changes, with a year-end settlement or an increase in the rate. 23q3, corporate taxes and surcharges are equal to the Shanxi wine (60809.sh): Power, fine management is improving, and the company's return pattern is changing, and we anticipate it.
Shanxi wine (60809.sh): Sales costs will increase over four quarters; management cost ratio - 0.57 pct - 3-quarter net interest rate on corporate return due to a significant contraction in sales costs + 3.68 pct to
Or less than last year’s same period, but without changing the trend of raising overall profitability throughout the year. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
Risk factors: business demand recovery is not as high as expected; industry competition is increasing; markets are not as open as expected.
Senior industrialists and top-level schools have been trained. Lou Qing Fong, Master of Finance, graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, three years of experience in food and beverage research and two years of experience in bond research. Covers pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeast mothers, familiar with seafood, lasagna,
In-depth research covers recreational foods and chains (in-depth study of taste-free foods, perchance ducks, glory, concocted foods, salt-salt stores, kamazu foods, ginseng foods, etc.).
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, the big milk company, and two years of experience in food and beverage research.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic University, two years in law, economics, and two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the white wine industry, followed by first-line sales in the Qingzhou cellar, Dukang, and the Shedd liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high liquor companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at future market strategies based on available data and market moves.
Liquor, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer, water, and beverages. Full peace, Master of Management, United Kingdom Business School, overseas studies and work experience have gained a broad international perspective.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.