There was a consensus among the three major players, with both speed and quality, that on 6 December in Taiwon, the company convened a 2023 Global Congress of Wine Dealers, during which it held a meeting of marketing advisers and specialized meetings at which management made a major statement.
• In 2023, companies managed to overcome personnel disruptions, marketing efforts, price controls, marketing and end-profit models were gradually optimized, and the number of high-quality customers and high-quality terminals made a major leap forward.
Channels and end-controls have been strengthened, guaranteeing corporate leadership in the growth of the industry. For the future growth of rum, Chairman Yuan has suggested that it should be based on three main strengths: wine, perfume, and wine.
The head of marketing in the division, Zhang Yong-bong, has a high profile of “multi-priced advantage” and “false-like advantage”, and there is a high degree of convergence in corporate understanding of the underlying logic and rationale for the continued development of rum. We believe that the central driving force of the development of the wine is prominent and powerful, and it is now disappearing.
Qing Qiang’s share continues to rise in the context of a slowdown in competition. The pace and quality of the process, which grew confident in 2024, continued to erupt.
The overall tone is steady and steady, focusing on medium- and high-end products in transition, investing in the development of green wine, hardening channels and terminal bases, 2022-2023 showing remarkable success, corporate profit-growing industries leading to steady improvement in the quality of the channels, continuous upgrading of the management model, and the ability of companies to propose a comparison in 2024.
For “sustainability in progress”, the focus is on the full range of innovative synergies. We believe that the division of corporate development is part of the management of scientific operations and an important element of strategic management, reflecting the firm's commitment to the rejuvenation of alcohol and the long-standing concept of healthy and sustainable development.
In fact, the growth of kinetic energy has escalated, and new opportunities remain for eruptions in 2025-2030.
• Implementation of the three elements, accelerated by four re-engineerings, and optimism about new marketing models. Emphasis was placed on the implementation of the three elements of management, market and talent and on accelerating the re-engineering of team culture, marketing awareness, brand values and channel models around the three dimensions of arts and products, technology and management, finance and marketing
On the other hand, we'll change the culture of solid marketing and lead to a new transformation of the marketing of the wine, and we'll put on the product a new one.
Strengthening end-building and overall integration of the new marketing model of the “By-A-A-A-A-R-A.” From on-site communication, the area and distributors have a positive attitude towards the new model, and we believe that as product pricing becomes clearer, the channel is significantly more powerful for 30, and the new marketing model is more robust.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is well developed, operating at a more rapid pace, with new channels East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a portfolio investment advisory business.