Sancie's food beverages (60809), they're doing exactly as expected, and growth is continuing at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company achieved 26.740 billion yuan in revenue in the first three quarters of 2023, compared to 20.8% in the year, net profit on maternity net profit of 2.66 billion yuan, compared to 27.1% in the year, and single q3 performances were in line with market expectations. Income met market expectations, with an increase in extra-provincial shares.
In the context of the recovery, the company actively seized the opportunity of a two-way market, and the core monolithic sales showed good performance, earning $5.80 billion in high-priced wine in the three quarters, $1.91 billion in other alcohol, and an increase of 1.1 to 75.2 per cent in the first half of the year in the ratio of high-priced wine in single q3; in particular, the recovery is expected to increase at a slower rate than before.
Saffrons increased at an average rate of 20/25, waist products benefited from faster growth in the hot market at the banquet table, and the bounties maintained a tight balance of supply. 3. Subregionally, revenues of $3.13 billion were generated in and out of the provinces respectively. 3. Corporate q3 net reductions range from 7 to 3,768 distributors, mainly expected to be strengthened.
The average volume of single-manufacturers has risen steadily, with a steady increase in profitability and a robust performance of contractual liabilities. The Māori ratio of company single q3 has fallen by 2.9 percentage points to 75.0 per cent, mainly due to a gradual decline in the structure of the product and an increase in the share of waist products.
q3 sales cost decreased by 5.8 percentage points to 10.6 per cent, mainly due to the accuracy of the company ' s higher spending and the fact that some of the costs were paid back. The administrative cost decreased by 0.6 percentage points to 3.8 per cent and the overall cost decreased by 6.4 percentage points to 14.4 per cent; in addition, single q3 taxes and surcharges decreased by 1.0 per cent over the same period.
On the cash front, single-q3 cash received $6.65 billion, or 15.9% of the year, and three season-end contract liabilities of $5.17 billion, or +9.5% of the year, showed a more robust performance of contractual liabilities. The year-round goal was achieved in a secure and resilient manner.
In China, core monoliths are showing good performance in both seasons, and after-season channels are kept in good condition. The company has done well in the previous three quarters, and is expected to achieve its revenue growth target of around 20 per cent throughout the year. 2. The company ' s new sales management team has improved the accuracy and accuracy of its cost inputs by improving the digital scavenging system.
Price management, with a steady overall rise in the 20 series since the beginning of the year, and a sustained increase in brand power.3 Despite increased market competition, large singles of companies have gained better visibility and stocks are at a reasonable level, channel profits and market climate are better than the same price contests, and strong growth has been achieved.
The dollar, which corresponds to 28-fold, 22-fold, and 18-fold-per-per-cent-per-per-cent growth. The branding of wine is a steady release, opening up markets outside the province, looking at the company’s ability to grow over the long term, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1. Shanxi rum (60809): bright performance, increase 2. Shanxi wine (600809), overperformance of 23q2, Shanxi rum (60809): continuous upgrading of product structure.
No compensation will be obtained, directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.