On December 6, 2023, Shanxi Liquor was held in Taiwon for the year 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn — promoting high-quality development and keeping pace with steady progress — is still in the first phase of the development transition and management upgrade, “Stable”
In 2025, the second phase, the consolidation of results and the adjustment of the elements, will begin, and the "sustainability in progress" will guarantee the "fullness of the elements" of development. In 2023, the high-quality development that led to the transformation will yield significant results and structure of the product.
The Qinghua High-Step Strategy has landed, with the Qinghua series of revenues breaking by $11 billion in the last three quarters; the market layout has accelerated the “one in three” struggles; the goal is that more than $1 billion has passed through seven markets; and the distributor structure continues to be excellent.
In order to prioritize and focus on high-quality development, the product is better positioned, and in the Saffron series, young 50 is high, young 40 is strong, young 20 is strong, and almond village and bamboo leaf brands are developed together. Market management is more focused, end number and end.
Improved end-quality is accompanied by better price control and greater end-oriented attention. More softer human management, companies will set higher targets to motivate business lines to move forward with flexible indicators that match high-quality development.
The marketing model re-engineer brand values to core objectives: team culture re-engineer to 1, Shanxi Liquor (60809): profit margin
Innovation, synergy, hard work, dedication; high-quality growth around arts and products, technology and management, over-expected, Qing Qiang Dragon Head 2023 - Financial and marketing reshaping marketing awareness; effective transformation of process values and scientific dissemination
Reshaping brand values; reshaping channel models using digital tools.
As expected, the Saffron series continues to grow. 2023 - The salami is more powerful than the amount of space available to raise it; the saloons, the spirit of alcohol, which adheres to the strategic strength. We believe that long-term growth is stable with the balanced development of the multi-product series.
3. Shanxi Liquor (60809): q2 performance is strong, with a gradual focus on fine market management and brand value creation, competition barriers are growing and full factor development can take place.
We look forward to a long-term firm that leads to high-fragrance growth, with full-priced product rotations remaining steady growth. We anticipate downside macroeconomic risks, 20 less growth than expected, and gifted production progress.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.