The Sini Sanctuary has been able to change the rhythm and develop over the long term.
The same-year increase of 20.78%; the net return to the mother is 9,431 million yuan, an increase of 32.68%. O3 Saffrons are priced and outpaced more than in the province. The company achieved business income in the first three quarters of the year, a 27.12% increase, and performance slowed, mainly because the company took the initiative to control the Saffron series.
In the first three quarters of the year, a total increase of 25-30 per cent is projected, with the highest rate of growth of 25 flowers, the highest/minimum in the year between the loins and the old whites:
20% + growth, followed by a 20% + growth forecast for bozos, with a slowdown in the q3 saffron series and a liquidity/total equity capital in the waist (billions): Power. 2) According to the market, the increase was faster outside the province in the first three quarters of the same quarter, with the company ' s dynamic layout in the first half of the year.
Market value (billions): and off-provincial markets to stabilize prices and the healthy development of off-provincial markets, which are expected to continue in the fourth quarter. Changes in product structure affect Māori rates, and fine-tuning of costs drives higher net interest rates.
\triangleright, due to the speed of the ring of products such as Panama, old white and bozos, the current governance of Saffron 20 has been very effective, the market has performed well, and the rhythm of the four-quarter bellowed beverages is expected to be high, and the Māori rate is expected to be high.
2) Cost rate of 12.90 per cent for the first three quarters of the sale period is 4.60 pct less than in the same period, mainly due to enhanced management of channel costs by the Department of Public Information, with reduced costs and reduced to vague returns, followed by return through the seasons and flanges
In the first three quarters, the cost of sales was 9.46%, the same strategy was flexible and competitive. The first three quarters were ensuring robust growth through a combination of flexible strategies, streamlined controls, product combinations, and regional structures.
The goal is secure, and the company’s strength is well represented. Despite economic cycle fluctuations and changes in personnel, the core competitive advantage of the wine continues: 1) In light of the development of the fragrance, the fragrance has broken out with strong growth, the fragrance is growing faster, and the village of almonds is being cultivated.
The town of Liquor is the one that shapes the concept of the production area, and the company that leads it is expected to take advantage of it, and to return to it with great Qingixiang power; 2) the Cinderella series is already in a state of physical strength and high-end sustainability. There are now more than 10 billion in the Saffron series, of which 20, 25, and the Saffron are already in good shape at sub-high prices.
In the medium term, the trend towards high-end white wine and rising consumption in the new cycle is likely to continue, and the green ceiling will be opened for a series of needs. 3) From the introduction of wine in 2017, state enterprises have been reformed, brand power, channels, management systems, etc. have largely been put together, and market-based mechanisms have been internalized into corporate culture, while companies have become involved.
There is a consensus on the GAP, the 1455 goal, and marketing strategy. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment recommendations: looking ahead, the company will revolve around “13348” \triangleright
Business thinking, business strategy, flexibility, product and regional architecture, and high-quality corporate development. In the medium and long term, it is clear that the goal of high-end + nationalization of corporate products is strong, and performance is high.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.