High profit growth for power generation upscaling q3 followed by refunds for power supply (011289.sz) pottery
The company published three quarterly reports in 2022, which generated business income of $30,216 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 9.76 per cent over the previous three quarters; a net return profit of $5,353 million (with a deduction of $5,324 million); an operating income of $8,543 million in the third quarter, an increase of 5.15 per cent over the previous three quarters; and a return.
Net profits of $1.020 billion, an increase of 93.06 per cent over the same period, increased wind power generation, higher net profits from the third quarter, higher profits from the third quarter, better benefits from the growth of installed machines and wind resources, and higher wind power generation in the third quarter.
The net profit of pulling q3 to the mother is high. With regard to installed machines, as of the end of the third quarter, the company ' s wind and electric engine 25.71gw (+14.7% for the same year) and other renewable (photovolt) installed 12.76gw (+111.7% for the same year); with regard to wind and light resources, according to data from the National Energy Agency, q3 was used nationwide for wind power.
Leung Yonan hours 462 hours (year-on-year + 34 hours), q3 national solar energy use 373 hours (year-on-year + 27 hours) and q3 wind resources as a whole are better; in terms of power generation, corporate q3 winds
Power generation at 11,863 million kWh (+23.3 per cent of the year) and other renewables (predominantly photovoltaics) at 529 million kWh (+88.9 per cent of the year).
In the third quarter, the company ' s Māori ratio was 30.57 per cent (year-on-year +12.61 pct), with a net interest rate of 13.82 per cent, a marked increase: net operating cash flows for the third quarter were $2.930 billion (year-on-year +103.8 per cent), mainly due to higher revenue from electricity sales and higher recovery of new energy subsidies: as of the third quarter
At the end of the day, the amount of corporate receivables financing was $31,371 million, an increase of $2.07 billion in new energy subsidies over the end of the second quarter, with a clear expectation that subsidy policies would accelerate the delivery of subsidies.
End-of-life receivables financing of $31,371 million (the vast majority of which are expected to be receivables), representing 44.8 per cent of net capital production, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance and the National Energy Agency jointly issued a Circular on the Interpretation of Policies for Clear Verification of Renewable Energy Subsidies for Electricity Generations on 8 October.
The relative depth of 300 shows a number of doubts about the verification of subsidies, including some special light voltage, and the determination of the price of electricity for the wind power project. As the subsidy policy is further refined,
Continued subsidies are expected to accelerate, and cash flows from new energy operators are expected to improve significantly.
An adequate project reserve provides a wide space for corporate development. Group Wind and Power Integration Platform, with more than 20gw Group assets to be injected, is the National Energy Group Wind and Power Integration Platform.
At the end of the year, more than 20 gw of extra-source control power in the National Energy Group, close to 25.71gw of the company’s existing wind power. It is expected that subsequent injections will significantly upgrade the company’s wind power.
Relying on national energy groups, the advantages of project reserves, operations management, financial costs, etc., are clear, the growth of installed machines is more certain and the “recommended” rating is maintained.
The size of wind and light voltage machines is lower than expected: renewable energy subsidies are lower than expected; electricity prices on the Internet are lower; new projects are higher, and so on. Tuao has graduated from the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), with more than 10 years of industrial research experience, and has long worked on environmental public use and downstream research in the industrial chain.
In January 2022, he joined China’s Galaxy securities. Sense, a master’s degree from the Beijing Chemical Industry University, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to conduct research in the environmental public sector.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.