Increased prices contribute to the outbreak of large-scale performance, technological innovation and amoled volume of tcl technologies (000100.sz) driving small- and medium-sized growth
Investment rating: For the first time, buy-in (first time), tcl technology “buy-in” rating. Supply-side contraction and demand recovery led to a re-increase in June panel prices.
The year ahead, coupled with the exit of the production capacity of the Korean manufacturer, is expected to keep the current round of lcd panel prices up to 2021. tcl-Star is the leading industry producer in a global semiconductor, and the biggest beneficiary of the current panel price increase cycle.
The lgd, Samsungsdc exits have significantly improved the supply of the lcd industry. The demand for tv has begun to recover gradually, and the congener consultancy projects that the 2020q3 global tv output is expected to increase by 1% on a par with the same increase, with the ring increasing by more than 30%.
The year of the race and the years of demand brought about by the large size of the race, coupled with the withdrawal of the production capacity of the Korean manufacturer, are expected to continue the trend of increasing prices for this round of lcd until 2021. tcl is the world’s leading tv panel supplier, with the 2020q1 company’s tv panel ranked second in volume and volume, and the tv panel will boost the company.
Technology innovation raises the competitiveness of ltps, amoled output opens up small and medium-sized growth space, and the company ltps accounts for 44% of China's star income, and in the context of increased competition, the company has increased its incell/cof/blindness.
Innovations, such as the ratio of products to products, the active development of screen-screened fingerprinting technology, have continued to improve the competitiveness of the ltps products. 2019q4, the company's Wuhantt 3amole plant achieved a phase of production, with curable and foldable products delivered to small-scale rice and moto brand clients. Over the next two years, the company's amoled business will move into production capacity and good rates.
The rapid upswing period, combined with the gradual pace of the 5g change cycle, opens up further room for small-scale business growth in China’s star. The risk of annual sports events being delayed; and the company’s amoled capacity, excellent rates, and customers are making less progress than expected.
1. The tcl group of smart technology groups focused on semiconductor displays and materials operations was listed in January 2004 on the front board of the deep-seated company, and in April 2019, the tcl group of technology companies separated from the end product group. After reorganization, the tcl group of science and technology operations were mainly semiconductors showing industry, industry, and industry.
After many years of investment and development, the company semiconductor shows that the business owner, tcl-star photovoltaic, has become a leading industry manufacturer worldwide. In 2019, the company’s tv was ranked third in the world, iwb in volume.
And the public sector’s mooled line has also achieved volume production and delivery to brand clients. As the industry of lcd returns well, corporate performance is expected to grow rapidly in the future.
Figure 2: The company is a global leader in small and medium-sized panels, with no shareholders and no real controllers. Mr. Li Dongsheng and Xinjiang's nine-day partnership for equity investment became a concerted actor with a combined share of 1,552.17 million shares, the company's number one, as a result of the Agreement on Concerted Action.
2. tcl China Star: A rise in prices helped boost large-scale performance, amoled output, opening up small-scale growth space 2.1, raising prices to large-scale lcd profit
Ten years in the global semiconductor show leading manufacturers. tclstar photovoltaics Ltd. ("tcl star") was established on 16 November 2009 and the company focuses on semiconductor displays. Currently, tclstar has six production lines in progress, including two g8.5, one g11lcd plant, and one g6ltps.
On the scale of the production line, the Department has joined the global semiconductor to show the lead. lgd, Samsung sdc, exited to improve supply in the lcd sector. Prices on the 2018-2019 panel continued to fall.
In the context of the continued loss of lcd operations, and under pressure of profit, lgdisplay and Samsung sdc began to withdraw from the lcd field in 2019, actively moving towards the strategy. Reuters reported on 7 January 2020 that lgdceo indicated that production of the Korean domestic television lcd panel would be discontinued by 2020.
South Korean manufacturers will be able to make a significant improvement in the global supply of lcd. Demand recovery, the lcd panel is moving into a price increase cycle. As the epidemic is under control, Europe and the United States and other regions are beginning to move forward.
With economic re-entry, demand for tv is expected to recover, coupled with low pipeline stocks, and the plant is optimistic about the 2020q3 delivery plan. The group consulting forecast that global tv output in the third quarter of 2020 is expected to increase by 1% on a year-on-year basis, with the ring increasing significantly by more than 30%.
The demand from sporting events and large-scaleization, coupled with the ability of Korean manufacturers to exit, is expected to continue the trend of price increases in the current round of lcd until the second half of 2021. Figure 8: 2020 q3tv brand panel purchases are significantly better than the ring.
Figure 9: lgd, Samsungsdc significantly adjusted lcd capacity, thousands of m2 of the world ' s leading tv panel suppliers, and panel price hikes helped to boost large-scale performance. tclhuastar is the world ' s leading tv panel supplier.
Fifty-four per cent of revenue, the price increase on the tv panel will boost the company’s large-scale performance.
Actively distributed miniled technology, taking advantage of large-scale high-end markets. Ledchip down from its current mm level, down to one tenth of its 100 mm level is Mini-led, down to one percent of its 10mm level is light. lcd has the same ability, but traditional led backlights cannot separate enough controlable areas, if used
Miniled backlights achieve the required control accuracy, and thus achieve a high degree of contrast, up to 3,000,000:1, plus cost and lifetime advantages, is a powerful competition for the olid TV. tcl Chinastar actively sets up the miniled technology and takes over the high-end market.
Light mled screens, with a contrast of 1 million:1; participation in the first mini-led commercial screen group standard as the second drafter - General Technical Standard for Mini-led Commercial Screen Displays - Figure 12: tclStar Active Miniled Technology, taking advantage of high-end markets
The best way to do this is to add solid organic raw materials to a vacuum, and then, by heating them up, to heat them up.
The disadvantage of creating an organic layer of oled after recondensing at a given base table is that it is less good, resulting in higher costs. Printed oled technology, which uses printing or coating techniques for the use of soluble and liquefied processing materials for the production of displays. oled print displays are simple, and materials use is more efficient than traditional processes and can effectively reduce oled
On January 22, 2017, Guangdong Xinghua, the China Xinghua Unit, led the launch of the Guangdong Province Centre for Innovation in Print and Flexible Shows; on June 19, 2020, tcl funded a 30 billion yen war.
In 2019, the company ' s ltps accounted for 44% of China ' s revenue, and it was tcl.
At present, the company's ltps production line is at the top of the international standard, with mobile phones running out of branded customers such as Samsung, Huaieng, Mi, and high-end machine species. The company is also developing a medium-sized market, where the pen is imported into the top-end business series. In a context of increased competition, the public market is becoming more competitive.
Through technological innovation, the Division continuously improves the competitiveness of its ltps products, e.g. by increasing the incell/cof/blind ratio of products, actively developing off-screen fingerprinting techniques. amoled output opens up small- and medium-sized growth space.
In the next two years, the company’s amoled business will move into a rapid upswing of capacity and excellence, combined with the gradual growth of the 5g replacement cycle, and its income is expected to grow rapidly, opening up further opportunities for small-scale operations in China.
3. Industrial finance and investment operations: support high-end advanced manufacturing. Corporate finance and investment in industry consists of tcl and tcl capital block operations. tcl gold uniforms consist mainly of group finance operations and supply chain finance operations.
Industry and member enterprises provide financial support and management support, group investment in major projects provides financial security and assumes the functions of improving the efficiency of group asset operations and risk control. Supply chain financial operations provide various forms of finance and supply chain financial services support for member and affiliated enterprises, building SME biosphere and reducing supply chain costs.
tcl Capital consists of tcl in investments, Chung Harbour capital and SCM (49 per cent shareholding) with the main function of developing opportunities for investment in key areas that drive the development of the science and technology industry, such as new display technologies, semiconductors and related industrial chains, and high-end materials and process equipment, in line with the strategic direction of the company.
Business synergies, both to generate investment returns.4 Profit predictions and investment proposals assume that 1 tcl-star in the context of increased capacity, price increases on the lcd panel, and production in Wuhanamoled.
In the short term, supply-side contraction and recovery of demand have caused the panel price to increase. The demand from the year of the race and the year of large sizedness, coupled with the expected exit of Korean manufacturers, is likely to continue the trend of price increases in this cycle of lcd until the second half of 2021.
The ball semiconductor shows industry leaders and is the biggest beneficiary of the current panel price increase cycle. Performance increases, we believe, are currently undervalued. For the first time, tcl technology was rated as “buy-in”.
Figure 17: tcltech pbband, lgd output exits the risk of delay; new coronary disease inhibits the risk of consumption of tv and the risk of further postponement of sports events in 2021;
Corporate amoled production capacity, good rates and client development are below the expected risk.