Focusing on the panel market, setting up the silicon track, the big male core, semiconductor depth report (xi) Reassembly of assets, focusing on semiconductors.
The tcl technology cut off the terminal's entire operation, focusing on the semiconductor, which shows the market, and keeps only the three main companies: Chinese star photovoltaic, Hanlin, top/lowest remittance, industrial finance, and investment for almost 12 months.
After restructuring, the panel business became the main tcl technology business, and the company focused further on panel manufacturing. In 2019, the Chinese ring was the leading domestic semiconductor silicon, photo-silica supplier. tcl technology became the middle ring.
In the end, the conflagration was given to the central ring group, and the company entered a brand-new silicon track. Tianjinpurin is a company whose prices are compared to 300 deep, a company that owns pcb circuit boards, pcb circuit boards and silicon sheets that show the same view of the upper edge of the panel's industrial chain.
There is a certain degree of complementarity and synergy between the two sides in terms of available or missing materials, which will facilitate the integration of tcl technology, upstream and downstream resources in the industrial chain, and promote performance growth.
South Korea’s exit from the lcd market, improved supply-demand relations, and a rebound in panel prices. Large-scale lcd output is expected to decline by 6.4% and 3.6% in 2020 and 2021, and a significant reduction in supply will be an important driver of the increase in the price of the lcd panel.
• Focus on research and development, focus on lcd, show technology lcd showing great prospects for panel applications and market space. At present, large sizes show a lot of oled in panels.
The penetration rate is less than 2%, the small size displays only 30% of the oed penetration in the panel, and the lcd displays the panel remains the dominant in the market. The Chinese star screen using miniled backlight technology was first launched, showing results close to the oled screen and ahead of the industry.
From 5% in 2018 to 7.29% in 2019, there has been a rapid rise in the future. Looking ahead, the gradual penetration of the layout and printing technology has been a trend in the panel industry, where traditional fumigation is monopolized by Japanese and Korean businesses.
The print technology does not require a plating machine, the equipment is simple, low cost, and is expected to move away from a foreign corporate monopoly.
(iv) “Lid 30/92/14.95/1.20.1 times the margin, giving the company a “buy-in” rating for the first time.” Epidemic impact terminal sales have declined more than expected; Korea’s lcd output is less than expected;
Semiconductor depth report (ix): Backlight sealed taps, 1.1 light-loaded, out of terminal operations, slower growth in home power markets, and tcl technology dissipated from manufacturing and sales.
Businesses, with their sales in the home power sector, are consistently at the top three, and are growing rapidly in semiconductors. The power industry and the new semiconductors show a wide variation in industry patterns, industry characteristics, and, under the same company’s management system, a range of costs, such as high competition in the home power market and management costs, are lower. Net profits are lower in order to escape the spread.
After the restructuring was completed in March of that year, tcl technology retained PV, industrial finance and other operations, removed tcl communications and tcl electronics and related operations from the subsidiaries of the main handheld business. In 2019, the company sold environmental-related operations, and in March 2020, tcl technology completed the sale of the Opang business.
High-tech, capital-intensive, long-cycle strategic and emerging industries. tcl, the most important subsidiary of tcl, is the international first-class semiconductor display. tcl, PV, Ltd. (“tcl, tcl”) was established on November 16, 2009 as a semi-focused company.
Innovative technology enterprises in the industry. Companies are corely competitive in the semiconductor field and can produce full-sized semiconductor panels.
The panel business has become the backbone of tcl technology. It was more profitable. From 2015 to 2018, it generated less than 40% of the group, while net assets exceeded the group by 80% and net profits by more than 90%.
After asset restructuring in 2019, PV sales generated 45% of tcl technology revenues, and despite the fact that the downward trend in the panel price was not yielding high returns, capital and efficiency gains remained.
In order to increase the efficiency of the Chinese PV, integrate the top-down and downstream resources of the panel industrial chain, tcl technology retains industrial finance and investment start-up operations, covering mainly tcl capital and tcl finance. tcl finance can provide financial services to partners up and down of the main industry and industry chain.
The tcl capital, which revolves around the core industrial chain, invests in and layouts the core electronics, basic software, high end generic chips, etc., to provide companies with sustained and steady performance growth. After restructuring, corporate revenue grew significantly.
The previous year's harvests eliminated the de-scarce business, retaining only the Chinese Starlight Light Power, Logistics and Services (Hanlin Exchange), and his three lines of operations, with a single caliber. The total revenue from terminal operations was 46.718 billion yuan in 2018, while the net profit was stable and profitable to run the industry in 2019. The supply of panels grew rapidly and the supply and demand imbalances were low in 2019.
Panel prices. Despite steady growth in panel sales, the continued low prices have compressed panel profits, leading to a rapid deterioration in panel business operations. The flatheads’ net profits, even in negative terms, were at a loss, while tcltech achieved a net profit of 3,658 million yuan in 2019, down 10.02% from the same year, belonging to the parent company.
The restructuring of tcl technology has led to a more rational management model, more efficient operations, and more risk-resistant. The company’s core subsidiary, PVW, has achieved an output of 22,184 million square metres, an increase of 23.8 per cent. On May 28, tcl technology announced that it was going to acquire 39.95 per cent of Wuhanhua.
Photovoltaic power is a subsidiary of tcl technology and the main business is the small-sized LCD display panel in ltps. The three major shares of the company are tcl.huastar (45.55 per cent), Wuhan Valley Industrial Investment Ltd. (39.95 per cent) and National Development Foundation Ltd. (14.50 per cent).
When the acquisition is completed, the Department will further strengthen the management and control of Wuhanhua Star, enhance the efficiency of the company’s main business, and consolidate the tcl’s lead sheep in the semiconductor display.
The main competitors are the tcl-star optics of the panel industry. In the area of large-scale liquid crystal panels, Kyoto is the current leader, the tcl contest.
tcl. The purpose of this competition is to buy the 8.5 and 8.6 generation lines in Nanking, and if the two lines can be successfully acquired, together with the 8.5 generation lines that the company has acquired this year, the company’s market share is expected to outpace the 8.5 generation lines in Tristar Suzhou.
The tcl electrocuted is still the most downstream.
On the large side of demand, it contributes about 50% of China's panels. Another company's major strategic client, Samsung, after exiting the lcd market, also needs an icd panel, which is about 13% of China's products. On the contrary, the downstream customers of Kyoto East, Deep Heaven, Huyco, etc. are more complex, more difficult to sell, and have higher sales costs than China.
After restructuring, the cost of selling tcl technology has been significantly reduced. Prior to restructuring, companies had to spend higher sales costs looking for downstream customers, while tcl electronics and tristars, the strategic customers of Chinese PV, could help companies save a lot of sales costs. After restructuring, businesses with high sales costs were stripped off, and company sales costs were significantly reduced by 2020.
The sales cost rate of 1.16 per cent was achieved in the first quarter of the year, a decrease of 84.26 per cent compared to 7.37 per cent in the first quarter of the year prior to the restructuring, when the quarterly sales cost rate was lowest in the industry.
By 2019, the cost of running the company was 2.53%, in the east of Kyoto 4.49%, and in the south of Kyoto 3.60%. The cost of running the company’s finances after the reorganization showed an upward trend, at 1.67%, in the east of Kyoto 1.72%, and in the south of Kyoto 2.40%.2 Focus on the market of the luminous panels.
The world's leading panel output is shown by the star PVlcd, with the total volume of tft-lcd panels released in 2019, second only to the east of Kyoto, and the ltpslcd smartphone panel, second highest in the world.
There's still a big gap between the volume of product from the oled panel and Korean companies, but the process of research and development for printing the oled panel is ahead of the chart 13tcl.
The 32-inch television panel market is currently dominated by six production lines on the tcl star, with a clear competitive advantage in the area of liquid crystal panels. The company invested nearly 200 billion yuan, the production lines were spread between Wuhan and Shenzhen, and the base plate could produce 400,000 pieces per month.
The acquisition of Tristar Su State will result in a monthly production capacity of 520,000 units. In Shenzhen, t1 and t2.8 generation lines were built, t1 lines with a design capacity of 100,000 m/m, currently capacity of 160,000 m/m; t2 lines with a design capacity of 100,000 m/m, with a current capacity of 145,000 m/m.
t6 and t7 11 generation lines were built in Shenzhen, t6 is expected to be fully productive by the end of 2020, t7 line was constructed in Wuhan in 2021 and two small-sized g6 production lines were built in Wuhan, t3ld production lines and t4amoled tcl star companies were preparing to build a large-scale print-led production line in Guangzhou, with a total investment of 46 billion dollars.
Set for 2021-2023, bypassing the technology of plating, the production of R & D for the printing of oled was fully deployed. (Note: Tristar Suzhou line not yet listed as of the date of this report) 2.2 is efficient and net profit is far ahead.)
The early panel markets are dominated by Chinese-Taiwan firms, Korean-owned companies, etc. The panel industry chain voice is now gradually being transferred to mainland China’s enterprises, Kyeongdong, tcl, and Hueko. The share of the tcl PV market is expected to continue to grow as capacity continues to be released.
With an efficient management model, PV has been increasing product technology and industrial ecological capacity-building, improving the global layout of the industry, and gradually becoming the world’s leading panel. The market share of corporate LCD panels has risen from less than 10% in 2017 to about 12% in 2019, and the city’s share is expected to reach around 26% in 2022.
Downstream strategic clients have sufficient orders and continue to have high crop rates. Most of the panels produced by tclstar are sold to tcl electronics, tristars, millimeters, tcl electronics.
There are still a lot of orders that can be made to improve companies’ resilience to the risks. With more strategic customers, more solar power production rates continue to rise, and the company has reached 100% in the first quarter of 2020.
In 2019, the net interest rate was 2.74 per cent in the late sky, 0.41 per cent in the east of Kyoto, 2.3 in Yoda, and lcd shows that the dominance of technology ahead of lcd has been difficult to change in recent years.
In the coming years, it can be expected that lcd will remain dominant. Research and development inputs are high, and patents are in the forefront.
At the end of 2019, tcl-Star accumulated 41,040 patent applications and 12,185 patent authorizations. The patent/pct applications were in the top ten consecutive years, the international pct applications in the top five consecutive years, and the US patent authorization list in the top three consecutive years.
There has been little decline in spending, most of which is spent on research and development of the Chinese PV panel, and the share of corporate R&D expenditure in revenue has risen rapidly, from 5% in 2018 to 7.29% in 2019, or 2.29%.
The capacity can reach 5,000 pieces per month, covering a number of small-scale display areas such as cell phones, flat boards, cars, etc. In large areas, the company produces the mled star screen, which is the country's first display using miniled backlight technology, with super high contrasts, super thin screen thickness, hdr brightness, low energy consumption, and super-coloration.
The quality of the product is comparable to that of the oled, which is the highest level of current lcd technology and the core competitiveness of companies that hit high-end markets.
75 "mled star screens, HSPV has successfully produced a fingerprint panel under the lcd screen. The traditional lcd displays a panel with high screen thickness, low opening rates, difficulty in identifying the print under the screen through infrared light as a source of light, inability to identify the fingerprints under the screen, current high end.
Full screen phones are using print recognition techniques under the oled screen. The rpbw-lcd technology successfully solves the problem of infrared light as a source of fingerprint recognition, enabling off-screen fingerprints to be used on medium- and low-end lcd mobile phones, which is expected to replace the side prints of medium- and low-end full screen phones.
The print panel on the PV screen has been successfully produced, and the screen phone with the print on board at the end of 2020 is 2.4, and the layout print and old penetration increase is the future trend of the panel.
The contrast is stronger, more colorful, and the soft-led panel can bend at will. Large-scale unled panels are very low market penetration because they are not yet technologically mature, priced several times higher than the lcd panel, and the small-sized unreduced panel market penetration is far from saturated. In the long run, they are future trends in the panel industry.
The traditional oled display panel is dominated by Korean companies. Korean companies, Samsung and lg, account for most of the oled field share, with a smaller share of domestic firms. The oled panel is mainly made from two processes: plating and printing, and now the dominant process is plating. The key equipment for the plating process is the oled plating machine, which is being used by Japanese firms totkki.
Monopolies, domestic companies and companies have also been successful in the recent development of oled plating machines, but there is still a gap between good rates and good plating machines, and can only be plating small-sized oled panels, with limited applications.
The equipment is simple, inexpensive, and bypasses the monopoly of technology from foreign firms. In the patent area, the domestic firm China Starlight Power and Kyoto East are the top two names, and the lg focuses on traditional rgb-oled and woled technologies, three star side heavy qd-oled technologies, and there is little to do with the oled printing technology.
Investment of $30 billion in technical cooperation with Joled Corporation for research on printing and printing of olid technology.cpl cathode
eil etl hbl
ebl htl cgl
cgl cathode yml(rgml)
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
htl eml(b) eml(g)
cgl htl htl
htl cgl hil
Hil Hil node (ito)
ebl htl hil
Todo (node) Printed
• Relatively simple processes Simple processes low use of materials and high cost
• High material utilization, low cost, multilayered device process, complex structure, no need for sophisticated masking, large size
Curable colour filters, colour fields/energy consumption oed printing is based on principles similar to inkjet printers, which simply replaces ink with oled luminous materials.
In contrast to the traditional preparation process, the use of luminous materials has been significantly enhanced by the printing technique, which is simpler and less productive, and has great market potential.
3 Broaden the course of business and set up a new track for the 3.1 tcl technology entry center ring group, which is a large state corporation under the umbrella of the municipality of Tianjin.
New materials, new smart equipment and services, core basic electronic parts packages, etc. The China-Cooper semiconductor and photovoltaic silicon operations, the Tianjin-Pullin main camp pcb circuit board operations, the 71-Second Battalion, and the civilian exclusive network wireless communications products.
Participation in CMW, transfer of enterprises controlled by Tianjin State capital, still controlled by Tianjin State capital.
In order to enhance equity incentives, highlight the main business, and improve the efficiency of decision-making, Tianjin State Capital Investment Operators Ltd. (with 51% of the Central Ring Group) and Tianjin Sea State Asset Management Ltd. (with 49% of the Central Ring Group) are to jointly transfer the central ring held by Tianjin State Capital Investment Operators Ltd.
On July 15, with a competitive bid, tcl technology became the final recipient of the tcl blending project. The tcl group is a prominent state company in Tianjin City whose main business is new energy materials and semiconductors.
The company plans to contribute $11 billion to a 100% share in an open de-carded China Ring group. On July 15, 2020, the Central Ring Group received notifications from the shareholders Tianjin State Capital Investment Operators Ltd. (which holds 51% of the shares in the Central Ring Group) and Tianjingu China State Asset Management Ltd. (which holds 49% of the shares in the Central Ring Group), informing the China Ring Group that:
This mix will be implemented successfully, and changes will occur in the actual control of the Central Circle. The company will now buy the Central Circle in order to broaden the course of business, set up a new track for high-tech industry, and demonstrate a higher level of business complementarity with the semiconductor.
To promote the growth of corporate performance, tcl technology enters the silicon track with the re-mixing of the time line 3.2 in figure 26.
Central ring shares are the leading suppliers of semiconductor silicon tablets and photovoltaic silicon tablets in the country. In 2019, the central ring earned 16,887 million yuan, including $14,921 million for new energy materials, $1,097 million for semiconductor materials, and $900 million for the net profit of the mother. In the field of light silicon tablets, the company first released 210 mm (m12) large silicon tablets and boosters in 2019.
According to the Central Ring plan, the cumulative capacity of the m12 silicon tablets in 2020 will reach 16gw, with several downstream companies, such as collide light, east eyesight, and Aishu shares, showing a cooperative interest. The semiconductor silicon support industry works together to boost corporate performance.
Core products, promising growth prospects are as follows: 8 inches, 500,000 units per month, expected to achieve a total capacity of 700,000 units per month by 2021. 12 inches, Tianjin production lines have produced 20,000 units per month and are launched during the Euphoria year.
The semiconductor silicon business and the tcl-Start panel business are semiconductor industries, and the semiconductor silicon silicon silicon luminum can be made as an important device drive upstream of the panel. The current semiconductor silicon business is still active.
During the exhibition phase, the acquisition of medium ring shares by the lower company in the company ' s head office will take advantage of the synergies and technological advantages of the semiconductor industry to integrate upstream and downstream resources in the industrial chain and to promote the growth of tcl technology performance. 3.3 days Zimplin, focused on pcb circuit boards
Tianjinpurin, a company with a major pcb circuit board, is highly profitable and has a huge market space. The company’s production of pcb products is widely applied in areas such as industrial medicine, auto electronics, telecommunications, aerospace, consumer electronics.
pcb circuit boards and silicon tablets are also essential materials for displaying the upper edge of the panel's industrial chain. The lcd display module (lcm) consists mainly of three parts of the backlight module, driveic, and pcb circuit boards.
Four Korean companies withdrew, tcl’s performance could increase over time, the 4.1ld panel industry shifted to the mainland, and the industry’s shift trend led to China’s panel development. The new industry shows its origins in Europe and America, and then moved to Japan, Japan, and Japan.
South Korea and the Taiwan region of China, followed by a new round of industrial development in mainland China. China’s continental capacity expanded rapidly, and its market share grew gradually.
The arts and lower costs have dominated most of the markets in the paneling area. Today, the Icd panel industry has developed a two-tier pattern dominated by mainland firms, Kyodong and tcl-Star, and the market share of continental firms is expected to grow as the three-star and lig, among others, announce their withdrawal.
The left panel industry is dominated by Korean companies, with great potential for domestic enterprise development. The key technologies and plating equipment for the creation of the oled panels are in the hands of Korean companies, with Samsung and lig companies accounting for over 80% of the global market share, and three stars in small sizes, which are dominated by large sizes.
At the same time, domestic firms have a low rate, high cost, and have not yet been tested in the market for plating. Thus, domestic firms have opted for a different path to target the olid printing technology and try to compete with Korean companies.
The volume of panels has risen steadily, with semiconductors showing the industry's climate repair. Technological advances, better rates, lower costs for the panel manufacturing industry. The increased size of television screens, the increased clarity of displays, the rise of 5g mobile phones, among other things, have contributed to the continued growth of the panel demand end. In the short term, the new crown epidemic will have some impact on the panel demand, but it will need to be done.
The trend towards long-term growth will not change. 4.2 lcd production capacity will decline, supply will be tight. Korean firms lose their comparative advantage and announce their exit from the lcd panel market.
China’s firms, thanks to efficient management models and lower human costs, have made their companies’ net interest rates ahead of overseas firms. South Korean firms, losing their comparative advantage, have begun to phase out their lcd panel production.
After giving up the lcd panel market, the three stars will target the high-end old display panel of high Maori and high-tech barriers. Korea’s exit has led to a supply gap, a negative growth in the global volume of the lcd panel.
It shows that 40% of the market share of the panels is occupied by Korean plants such as Samsung and lgd, which are expected to be withdrawn or converted by the end of 2020 to a monthly capacity of about 350 k. While China’s business capacity, represented by China’s starlight power and Kyoto East, continues to grow, Korea’s export capacity is far greater than China’s productive capacity, and the world’s total capacity is expected to grow negative for the first time.
In 2020 and 2021, when the volume of large-scale lcds fell by 6.4% and 3.6% on a year-on-year basis, a significant reduction in supply would be an important driver of the price increase of the lcd panel. tv demand is better than market expectations, supply and demand gaps continue to decline, pushing the price up the lcd large-size panel.
The impact of the epidemic is that global sales of tv declined in the first quarter of 2020, but the demand for tv recovered in the second and third quarters as household time grew. Despite the same decline, actual demand for the panel was higher than market expectations. Overall, the supply and demand of the lcd panel showed a decline in scissors, and the supply and demand gap continued to fall, driving the price of the panel to rise in the long run.
omdia data show that in June 2020, 15 million smartphones came out of 13 panels of panels, an 11% increase in the same year, and 20% in the ring, of which 61.2 million were delivered by ltpslcd, a 22% increase in the same year and the ring. As tcl’s downstream strategic clients tcl and Samsung continue to add up, the company’s capacity will not be available in the second half of the year.
Monthly panel prices will continue to rise. Even if demand dropped in the fourth quarter of 2020, we expect the panel price to remain high, even if the large size of lcd in figure 36 shows the panel price pattern (in United States dollars) due to the withdrawal of the Korean factory, which was mainly born in the fourth quarter, and offsets the negative impact of the downside of demand.
GD — 15.6 inches — 21.5 inches — 27 inches — 32 inches — 43 inches — 55 inches — 65 inches — 4.3 acquisitions of Suzhou's three-star line, expanding the advantage of size
At the same time, the three stars show a value of $739 million (approximately RMB 5.213 billion) for 60% of S.S.S.E.L.T. Ltd. (hereinafter "ssl") and 100% of S.S.S.S.S. (hereinafter "sm").
tcl China Star will be replenished, with the top three showing a 12.33% share in tclstar.
After the acquisition of the Suzhou Three Stars project, the size of the Chinese Star will increase by 31%. The design capacity of the Samsung 8.5 generation is 110 k/month, accounting for about 27% of the capacity of the Samsung lcd panel in 2019 and 2.8% of the capacity of the world's large panels.
In the 8.5 generation line, the high-size production capacity of lcd will increase by 31%, with the prospect of a shock to the best-performing Kyoto East. The synergies are significant, driving companies to build global leadership in the big-sized area of lcd. Three-star lcd products are technologically mature, and M & As will help companies to improve R & D efficiency and leverage their technological advantages, thus accelerating the mix of products.
In addition, the acquisition of Suzhou plants will boost companies’ ability to scale up their purchases and enhance their bargaining power, and the overall elasticity of the supply chain will be further enhanced. In the future, tclhuastar will enter the two-drive development phase of high-scale growth with improved industry cycles, especially with Suzhou's three-star hands holding many high-quality customer resources, which will further help China Star expand its market access to the sea.
4.3 Increased bargaining power, increased performance of tcl-Starts, increased market share of domestic firms, and China-Star photovoltaic power. In the last few years, profits from the panel industry have been squeezed by upstream and downstream firms, and continental-pane firms have been active in manufacturing.
After the full withdrawal of South Korean firms in 2021, the market share of continental enterprises, such as tcl-Star and Tokyo East, will be over 50%, the “double-bond” pattern will be strong, and the market share will expand further, as tcl-star performance will grow over time. After tcl-Star’s withdrawal, China’s market share will rise and hold the bargaining power.
On the one hand, an increase in market share could increase the sales volume of companies and raise their sales earnings; on the other hand, the middle-window manufacturing firms, which were at the bottom of the “smilt curve” , were able to bring higher added value, higher profitability, and more flatr smile curves because of their increased bargaining power.
The tcl-star performance is growing over time. Figure 40tft-lcd shows the panel maurician smile curve and expected changes.
In 2020-2022, we expect 12,00/13,861,427 million global smartphones and old filters, and in 2020-2022, we expect 1,161.66/170 million global flatbed computers, and a total of 2,50/2.58.8 billion global nb and pc shipments. ltps turn to the middle end of the mobile phone market, with the capacity to accelerate the shift to high-end vehicles.
High-growth segment of high-end pen electricity, high-end ltps equipment projected for 2020-2022, respectively, the small size of ltps-lcd displays a panel produced mainly by Wuhant 3 and is now fully productive, with a monthly base-line capacity of 50 thousand pieces. The production line is expected to be good at 88/88/88/88/08/08/08/0 in 2020-2022, with an energy crop rate.
In 2020-2022, we're projecting a global LCD delivery of 220/2.39/237 million, the size of the shipment, the size of the LCD large-scale lcd display panel is mainly produced by t1/t2 and two 8.5 generation lines, and t6/t7 and 11 generation lines.
The newly acquired three-star g8 su State line is also on the way. t1 line 2020-2022, with an estimated capacity of 1,150,150 kilos (base plate/month) respectively, is now fully productive; 98 per cent/100 per cent/100 per cent can harvest; 95 per cent/95 per 95 per cent of the tristar su Su State line is excellent; and the yield rate is high.
90 per cent/100/100 per cent. 32 inch a-silcdtv for $42/47/46, 55 inch a-silcdtv for $120/140/135 and 65 inch a-silcdtv for $180/200/195. On the material cost end, we believe that the cost of materials on the lcd panel is showing a gradual downward trend, and it is anticipated that the cost of materials on the material end will be reduced.
At the end of the depreciation cost, we believe that each line of production is depreciated at a straight-line depreciation rate of 10%, all of which is included in the depreciation cost. Taking into account the total depreciation cost of the company after the Tristar Su State line, the projected cost of the depreciation for 2020-2022 is for labour costs, and the total number of technical workers in tcl technology at the end of 2019 is 23865, assuming that the total is owned by China.
The company’s salary expenditure per worker is calculated at the rate of $8250 per worker in Shenzhen, $7,500 per person in cities like Wuhan, Huezhou, etc. Taking into account the total labour costs of the three-star post-Sushu line companies is estimated at $35.38/4258.4762 million in 2020-2022.
1) the scheduled acquisition of Samsung's display panels and module plants will be listed in the 2020 report. 2) The scheduled acquisition of 39.95% of Wuhanhua Photovoltaics held by Wuhan Valley Industrial Investment Ltd. will be listed in the 2020 report.
The impact of the epidemic on the sale of end-of-pipe equipment has declined more than expected; Korea’s lcd production has been out of the market less than expected; Contact: Super, 985 High School Electronics, seven years of experience in the mobile phone industry, three years of experience in high communications work, covering mainly consumer electronics. Using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, and I myself have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.