A steady increase in revenue and a return of smart security chips to the fast-growing trajectory Events: March 30, 2018, the Annual Report 2017, the company achieved operating revenue of $1,829 million in 2017, an increase of 28.94 per cent compared to the previous year, which was attributed to the Purple national core (002049.sz)
The net profit attributable to the parent company fell by 16.73 per cent in 2017, when the company realized business income of $1,829 million, a 28.94 per cent increase in the same year, and a net profit of $280 million attributable to the parent company’s shareholding. The main reasons for the decline in net profit were a decline in the Māori rate of the company’s products, which fell by 4.88 percentage points compared to the same period the previous year, with a decline of 2.85 and 11.2 percentage points, respectively, in the Māori rate of the company’s special integrated circuit products and storage chip products; and a high financial cost to the company.
This increase is due to a net loss on corporate exchange of $28.714 million over the previous year; and a significant decrease in corporate out-of-office earnings, which is due to a decrease in government subsidies of $127 million compared to the same period the previous year. The decrease in corporate government subsidies is due to a change in financial policy.
The smart security chip business is back on its fast track. After a decline in 2016, the company achieved operating income for the smart security chip business of \triangleright 813 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 43.07 per cent over the previous year, with a Māori rate of 28.30 per cent, an increase of 2.34 percentage points over the previous year.
The company ' s communications sim cards have been fully imported into the advanced process, and bulk applications have been achieved in areas such as South-East Asia, where demand is growing at a faster rate; residential identity card chips, residence card chips and traffic card chips have all maintained steady growth; and the company ' s bank chip business has grown rapidly, thanks to the trend of national production chips to replace imported chips.
With regard to the terminal chip business, in 2017, when the overall market size of the usb-key chip was slightly reduced, the company’s products stabilized, the posse safety chip and the non-contact reader chip also maintained a certain growth. Domestic firms now occupy an important market position in the area of smart security chips, and with the subsequent release of provisions such as the Code of Third Generation Social Security of the Ministry of Human Services, the internal smart security chip will be in a new stage of development.
The products will become a new growth point for the smart safety chip, e.g., experience in existing areas, active deployment in new and emerging areas such as safe biometrics, safety netting, etc. \triangleright \triangleright
The storage chip business has grown significantly, and the size of the product has limited profitability. In 2017, the company's memory chip business generated $335 million, an increase of 72.96 per cent over the previous year. This was due to the company's completion of a 24 per cent equity acquisition of the Xian Purple Paraconductor Company Ltd. in April, which resulted in the introduction of the Xian Purple Parade semiconductor.
100% of the holdings, and second, the industry’s climate is constantly rising, and the company’s dram storage chip and memory module series of products are growing rapidly in the areas of servers, personal computers, and consumption. Given that the company’s dram products are smaller in volume than the market as a whole, market substitutes are limited, and products such as the company are being tested and optimized during times of high demand, and will gradually move to the market this year.
The Government Report 2018 also included “Promoting the Development of Integrated Circuit Industries” among the top five industries that need to be promoted in order to accelerate the construction of powerful countries.
The market for storage chips will remain high, and the company’s chip storage business will continue its 2017 trend, with steady growth. Risk factors: macroeconomic development is slow, storage operations are not expanding as expected, currency exchange losses are increasing, and the Maori rate has declined significantly.
\triangleright, Master of Business Administration, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc., in the computer industry. In 2007, he joined the Sindash securities industry.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.