In the past week, according to the Chinese Stock Exchange, the second phase of the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry is under intensive fund-raising and the programme has been reported to the State Council for approval. The major fund period was officially launched in September 2014, with a key investment area for chip manufacturing, with a balance between design, containment, equipment, and materials.
By the end of November 2017, the major fund had invested a total of 138.87 billion yuan, with a cumulative and effective decision-making of more than 62 projects, involving 23 listed companies, in addition to piling up 51.45 billion yuan of social capital and fulfilling its original purpose of squeezing greater social investment. Over the past three years, the integrated circuit industry has grown significantly, with a quarterly growth rate of 105.7 per cent in the manufacturing sector (September 14-17).
The sealing industry grew by 54.8 per cent (September 14 to September 17) and the design industry by a quarterly rate of 100.53 per cent (September 14 to September 1717).In the recently published ranking of icinsights of the world's 10 largest design companies, China is the seventh and tenth largest research assistant to the Heath and Purple Group, respectively.
We have a high global share in these four major areas, but it is not in line with the huge market demand that our integrated circuit industry is lagging behind, with a huge export and import deficit. This time, the share of the major fund’s second-phase investment in Ic will increase to 20 to 25%, and the investment target will be expanded to include the development potential of the research assistant Wang Saitama.
The Fund’s president, Tin Wenwu, also stated that “if necessary, with the approval of the Shareholders’ Congress, the Fund could be extended for a further five years.” The successful implementation of the Great Fund’s second phase would further enhance the competitiveness of our integrated circuit enterprises worldwide.
2. We suggest that the electronics sector be configured from two angles. One is to focus on the higher demand and better-growing segment of downstream industries, and the growing demand will be to produce a weekly product for the industry, bringing together policy foresight, market hot spots, industry-deepness, for investors seeking absolute returns.
To be a stable driver of industrial development, such as optical components, display plates, and a high growth space. Second, to focus on the country’s priority-supported sub-blocks, such as semiconductors. Stock only. Weekly updates, if shares are not changed, follow-up points, if.
For the next three months, we're looking forward to it, and we think it's a good idea.
Some stock trends will significantly overcome the market, suggesting a focused configuration.
It is designed by the company "ic" and its main products include smart chip products, special integrated circuit products and storage chip products.
Its smart chip product is mainly borne by its subsidiary, Beijing Co-Personal Microelectronics Ltd.; special integrated circuit products are mainly carried out by Shenzhen City Microelectronics Limited; and storage chip products are mainly carried out by Xian Purple National Core Semiconductor Limited. Our semiconductor industry, which is late in its start, is less competitive, and the storage chip design industry, which is the heaviest of the semiconductor industry, is significantly behind and at the international level.
In the first half of 2017, after a downturn in 2016, corporate smart card operations resumed to grow, generating business income of $339 million, an increase of 35.77 per cent, or 42.36 per cent of the total. In smart card chips, the company’s share of traffic cards is constantly increasing and is becoming a new growth point.
In smart terminal chips, the company's non-contact readers have always maintained a leading market position in the second-generation CD chip market.3 The storage chip business has grown rapidly. In recent years, the country has been developing a semiconductor industry, especially the integrated circuit industry, as a rare storage chip company, the Purple national core, which is actively moving in.
In the first half of 2017, the company’s memory chip achieved business income of $150 million, an increase of 111. With the implementation of the national integrated circuits industry policy, the storage chip and memory module series’s applications in the areas of servers, personal computers, and consumption are growing rapidly, and companies are expected to perform better in the future.
Risk factors: slow macroeconomic development; failure to expand storage operations as expected; increased currency exchange losses and significant decline in the Māori rate. \triangleright Related study: 201,708,823 Purple kernels (002049): Reduction in net profits of shareholders in parent companies and good development of memory chip operations
Tianjin, Beijing University, Master of Business Administration, 8 years of experience in mobile phone development, laboratory management, etc. In 2015, he joined the Sindha Portfolio, Beijing University, Master of Science in Physics and Condensed Physics. In 2016, he joined the Sindam Portfolio and Master of Science in Computer Science.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.