Events: On the evening of August 25, 2023, Eon Seok-seok published its semi-annual report for 2023. In the first half of 2023, Eun Seok-eung (002493.sz) the company achieved business income of $15,452.5 million, an increase of 4.67 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
Operating income of $84,805 million was realized in the second quarter of 2023, an increase of 7.31 per cent over the same period. The high cost of raw materials and depreciation of devices resulted in losses in the company in the first half of the year, but the performance of the business in the second quarter was significant.
Improved. Because of production operations, companies had to procure crude oil in advance for subsequent processing, the cost of company raw materials inventory increased significantly in 2022, owing to the high price of oil overall, and at the beginning of 2023, the company's raw materials inventory was $38,684 million, or 63 per cent of the company's inventory assets. This was accompanied by oil prices.
Fifty-four per cent of inventory assets, while high-cost raw material inventory since the beginning of the year puts a strain on corporate profits, while depreciation increases after consolidation, such as the petrochemical phase II project, squeeze profit space, add up downstream demand, recovers weakly, and the company's overall profits are lost in the first quarter of the year.
Oil prices have stabilized, corporate cost-side pressures have eased significantly, and demand for residents’ mobility, infrastructure, and terminal consumption has been continuously repaired, and company performance has been significantly restored. With the confluence of consumption seasons with the replenishment cycle, company performance elasticity is expected to be released.
\triangleright \triangleright \trending radius, increased vehicle air conditioning, the arrival of traditional oil consumption, increased demand, power or increased demand, in addition to products such as partial chemical products such as px or benefiting from increased demand for the transfer of oil
In the field of chemical products, the price of major petrochemicals is down in the second quarter, while the stock of products is down, and the industry is actively moving to the reservoir; at present, the dry phase price of the refined downstream chemicals is low and the stock is running at a relatively low level.
In the polyolefin, px, the ring ratio fell by 2% and 7% in the second quarter of 2023. In the polyester industry, there was a 5% reduction in the ring ratio of the long wire inventory, with an average opening rate of 58% for downstream knitting machines, and a 15-pt increase in the ring.
Stock pressure is significantly reduced and raw materials end or start a virtuous stock cycle. We believe that the future will be accompanied by a sustained release of economic stimulus policies, a cycle of refining downstream chemical repossessors, chemical prices, price differentials or upwards, and, at polyester ends, a low-season bias pattern is currently emerging.
In March 2023, the company’s controlling shareholders won.
\triangleright Holdings entered into an agreement with the Saudi Arabian-American-owned wholly-owned subsidiary aoc for the transfer of 1,013 million shares of its holdings to aoc by way of an agreement transfer with the total value of the shares. ]
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. valued at 24.605 billion yuan, while Pyrochemicals signed an Agreement with Saudi Arabia and the United States of America on the Purchase of Crude Oil, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Ats Framework Agreement, Framework Agreement for the Supply of Raw Materials, Framework Agreement for Chemicals, Framework Agreement for the Refinement and Chemical Products, Building No. 1 of the 9th House of Crash Street, Beijing, Beijing City, Framework Agreement for the Storage of Crude Oil, etc.
We believe that the agreement between the company and Saudi Arabia for the procurement and storage of crude oil over a long period of time can effectively enhance the security of raw materials supply and reduce the instability of the supply of raw materials;
The agreement signed between Amé and the company for the purchase of chemical products, which further opens up the international market for products and deepens strategic cooperation with overseas customers; the company ' s technology sharing with Al Amey, which is expected to drive the company ' s product to a growth breakthrough; and the transfer of shares and transfer payments between the two parties were completed in July 2023.
The company will also receive sufficient monetary funds to help enhance the company’s industrial profile and risk-resistant incremental projects, and the potential for integration is expected to be released in the first half of 2023. \triangleright \triangleright
Production of 400,000 tonnes of chemical year-on-year abs, 60,000 tonnes of soluble polybutylene rubber and 100,000 tonnes of shunt/combined annual production of 70,000 tonnes of nickel as shundine rubber devices; and successful production of the Insein Science and Technology annual production of 250,000 tonnes of functional polyester film extension project, with new production
The potential for companies to improve their performance is expected to open up as planned. A series of fine chemical and high-end material products, such as high-end new materials projects, high-performance resin projects, gold ponds, etc., are expected to continue to grow, and the potential of the industry will grow even further.
Promotion of continuous release of elasticity in performance. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit in 2023-2025 to be \triangleright, respectively
Good companies rely on the Great Refining Chemical Platform for the development of new chemical material operations, which are expected to be released in a pro-cyclical context, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating for the glorified petrochemicals. Risk factors: large oil price shocks; new capacity-building less advanced than expected; new capacity-building contributions
\triangleright underperformance and high volatility in raw material prices; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow recovery of product profits downstream; risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry under the “carbon neutrality” policy;
He is a member of the China Institute of Geological Minerals Economics, of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices of the Chinese Price Association, and formerly of the Industry Advisory Board of the China Coal Industry Association.
The Deputy Director of the Investigative Service (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Project, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. He is responsible for research in the coal and coal sectors in June 2016.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, who led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed the study on “Cultural Carbon and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministries' plans for oil and gas industries, construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks, and
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the major energy fields and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the stone component, which is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.