Glorystone (002493): 2023q2 profitable repair, high value added projects contributing to long-term growth
q2 single-quarter profit repair, with a temporary pressure on performance: the company maintained a small increase in revenue in the first half of the year of $15,452.5 billion, or 4.67 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of $4,67 per cent, and a net return-to-mother profit of $1,127 million, or a decrease of 120,99 per cent. Of this, q2 single-quarter recovery began in the first quarter.
At the bottom of the chemical landscape, the price differentials in the chemical industry tend to rebound: in the first half of the year, the petrochemical industry experienced difficulties with a synchronized decline in the price of raw materials and products and a lack of demand in the international and domestic markets. But the chemical benefits are expected to improve as the domestic economy recovers and the consumer end of investment pulls. In the third quarter, the chemical product index (ccpi) recovered, with an average of ccpi in August.
Zhang Jingjing's plans for a third stock buy-back show management confidence that the value-added products of the third round of stock buy-backs, which account for a large part of total equity, will be able to land gradually and open up long-term growth space. 1) In the first half of 2023, the petrochemicals produced 400,000 tons a year.
(abs installations, 60,000 tons of soluble polybutylene rubber units per year and 100,000 tons of shunt/comline nickels per year were successfully brought into production and successfully produced qualified products.) Insein technology produced 250,000 tons of functional polyester membrane per year.
Tens of thousands of tons, with a long-term high capacity of photovoltaic evaporation. 4) Poe plans to produce 400,000 tons of production capacity, and a test device for \alpha-Fryers, a constraint material, were successfully driven in August, producing excellent products 1-hexene with a level of 99.456% purity. 5) The pre-construction of gold pond materials and new materials in Taiwan has steadily advanced. Most of the new projects are expected to gradually release capacity in the last three years, when the company will increase.
It is hoped that the collection will be more visible, and the support company will become the core asset of the big chemical block. Investment proposal: Large and beautiful, with the value of the bottom of the industry cycle high. Consider \triangleright based on the precautionary principle and the announcement.
By the first half of the year, there was a certain loss, and the chemical industry was still facing both upstream raw materials and downstream demand in the second half of 2023.
1.2023q2 profit repair, with high value added projects contributing to long-term income of 84.805 billion yuan, or 21.64 per cent ring increase; net profit return of 341 million yuan, or 123.24 per cent ring increase, has begun to recover profit compared to the first quarter.
Company 2019-2023. Company 2019-2023. Company 2019-2023.
The company’s single-quarter net profit return in the first quarter of 2022-2023 (millions of yuan) The chemical landscape is under construction, and the price differentials for the chemical products tend to rebound. The petrochemical industry experienced difficulties in the first half of the year with the synchronized price of raw materials and products, as well as weak demand in international and domestic markets.
End pull, chemical efficiency is expected to improve. In the third quarter, the Chemical Product Index (ccpi) recovered, rising to 4665 points in August, up 401.26 points from June, and the price differentials for important chemicals were gradually warming, with the ethylene/Chinese Chemical Product Price Index moving in August.
The px price differential ($/ton) shows management confidence by implementing stock buy-backs. The company issued a buy-back program on 21 August 2023, which allows for the production of high-value-added products to fall and open up long-term growth space.
1) The successful production of the annual 400,000 tonnes abs device, the annual 60,000 tonnes of soluble polybutylene rubber device and the annual 100,000 tonnes of shunt rubber/combined 70,000 tonnes of nickel and shundine rubber device in the first half of 2023 and the successful production of qualified products; 2) the successful production of the Insein technology annual 250,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane extension project, marking the company ' s polyester membrane production
(c) Production + 1 million tonnes under construction, with a long-term high capacity of photovoltaic eva;
Most of the new projects are expected to gradually release capacity in the last three years, when the company is expected to add more ground and help the company become the core asset of the big chemical block.
2. Profit forecasting and valuation: big and beautiful, the value of the bottom of the industry cycle is high. In line with the precautionary principle and the announcement in the interim, and given the company ' s continued losses in the first half of the year, and the chemical industry ' s continuing challenges of upstream raw materials and downstream demand in the second half of 2023,
1) High volatility in the prices of raw materials and products, affecting the profitability of companies; 2) below expectations in the extension of the industrial chain, affecting the company ' s ability to cross the cycle and increasing the risk of doing business; 3) unanticipated changes in the macroeconomic environment, deviation from corporate judgement, and failure to adjust business policies in a timely manner.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.