The petrochemical team q2 is losing, looking forward to recovery!
Quarter-by-quarter performance was reversed and lost. 1. Quantified PIC Review: Sustained Recovery of Needs, q2 Deficit, Stereochemical Performance is continuously under pressure and Ring Repair is expected to break down: first half of the year 2023.
2. “Emergency petrochemicals: ring up, kick-starting recovery!”, 2023.4.26 Chemical products in the first half of the year had a low profile, low product prices and low performance pressure.” But value 3. “Emergency petrochemicals: historical bottom confirmed, turning up!”
It should be noted that the net profit of 2023q2 zirconium is 804 million yuan per quarter, the ring increase is 131.47%, and the profit is reversed in a single quarter. With improved end demand, the price differentials for petrochemical products are gradually being repaired, and the Zulcochemical performance is expected to improve further.
The chemical plates are still in the early stages of recovery, and the refined plates continue to be highly dynamic: the demand for the polycarbons is still in the early stages of recovery, and the price differential for 2023q2 polyethylene/polypropene products is not equal to $3181/3192 per ton, which is still at a lower level.
The company’s performance is expected to improve as the economy’s warming-led chemical prices continue to improve. At the same time, domestic refining plates continue to be strong, and the prices of finished oil cracks persist at medium and high levels, with a difference of $958 for 2023q1 diesel/gas cracks.
px - the original oil price difference was $3347 per ton, an increase of 8.66% over the ring. The continued strength of the refined plates is expected to support the company’s performance on a continuous upwards basis.
Launching a buy-back program, with the current buy-back of no less than $1 billion and no more than $2 billion, reflects management's recognition of the company's intrinsic value, the company's long-term record of good performance, the restoration of performance as a result of warmer demand, and the deep processing of new energy materials in the company.
(b) The impact of the phase-out of the project on the low oil price of the end product - formerly oil - but the demand for the end-product, pre-finylene, chemical products, is still in the early stages of recovery, thus maintaining previous profit projections, (1) the risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices, and (2) the recovery of end-use demand below the expected risk;
(3) Geopolitical risks: (4) project construction is not as advanced as expected; (5) US$ exchange rate risks are highly volatile; (6) other force majeure effects. 1, ZPq2 performance is reversed and the cycle is expected to break
Realizing operating income of $84,804 million, an increase of 7.31 per cent in the same year, and 21.63 per cent in the ring; achieving a net return on maternity by 3.41 per cent and a net gain on the company ' s major subsidiary, China Gold petrochemicals, in the first half of 2023, still under pressure of 1h23 zolpidos. 2023q2 Zp net profit for the quarter was $804 million, an increase of 131.47 per cent in the ring.
As a result of improved end demand, price differentials for petrochemical products are gradually being repaired, and petrochemical performance is expected to improve further. Pride petrochemicals have continued to improve the layout of various chemical products in recent years, as well as to increase the value added of the products.
The average price difference for ethylene/polypropylene products is RMB 3181/3192 per ton, with a narrow rate of 1.53 per cent per ring/ring wide 1.03 per cent, while the price difference for the ferrets remains low. At the same time, the rapid drop in production of pta products has led to a narrow pressure on the product, with an average price difference of RMB 2023q2pta-px of RMB 398 per ton, and the ring is still 23.37 per cent wide.
At low-to-low price differential levels. With the warming of end-use demand and the further repair of chemical price differentials, the company’s performance is expected to be restored with the recovery of chemical products.
In the first half of 2023, the price of international crude oil was high, and at the beginning of the year, Brent's crude oil futures were valued at $80.50 per barrel. The domestic refining plates continued to be strong, the price gap for finished oil cracks continued to be repaired, and the difference in the price difference for 1h23 diesel/gas cracks was 1020/1273 per ton, an increase of 72.02 per cent/86.94 per cent since July 2023, respectively.
As of 24 August, the difference between the price of diesel/gasoline cracks stood at $1033 per ton. At the same time, the px-previous oil price differentials continued to be high, with 2023 q2 px-present oil price differences reaching $3347 per ton. The ring was 8.66 per cent wider. The company had 40 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity and 10.6 million tonnes/year px production capacity, while the refining plates continued.
The company’s three-phase petrochemical production of 1.4 million tons of ethylene and downstream chemicals.
Projects, high-performance resin projects, high-end new materials projects, high-metafibre optics phase II projects are all moving in an orderly manner, accompanying companies with future production, with a significant increase in the production capacity of products such as photovoltaic levelseva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefin elastomers, nmp, etc., which will help to increase the extension of the industrial chain by promoting efficiency gains in the company's products, leading to price differentials in the products.
Further expansion and firm’s future performance growth are more certain. For the company’s third buyback since 2022, management confidence is highlighted, reflecting management’s recognition of the company’s intrinsic value and a long-term positive performance.
1) Risk of large one-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and large fluctuations in oil price alone will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability: 2) Failure to restore demand to the expected risk: the products of the long silk industry are mostly intermediate products subject to supply in the chain of industry
(c) Geopolitical risks: raw material ends include, but are not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil as a result of sudden-onset events;
There has been a significant increase in the supply of crude oil, including, but not limited to, the imposition of taxes on China ' s exports of chemical products during the China-United States trade war, anti-dumping investigations by South-East Asian countries on China ' s chemical products, etc. 4) projects have been under construction at a slower pace than expected: many of the company ' s projects are under construction, such as the construction of the project at a slower pace than expected, or are still under construction.
(5) Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: while crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, revenue-end settlements are dominated by renminbi, daily operations require purchase of dollars, sale of yuan, settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or negative impacts on company performance; 6) other force majeure effects.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market