The petrochemicals team needs to recover on a continuous basis, and q2 turns into a surplus.
The company ' s semi-annual performance forecast for 2023 was released on 15 July 2023, and the performance link was repaired and q2 was reversed.
“Emergency petrochemicals: historical bottom confirmed, turning up!”, Chemical plate is still in the early stages of recovery, and demand recovery is expected to continue: the current speed at which pta is released results in continued pressure on the company's pta performance, 2023q2 pta-px
3. " The Episcopal company ' s assessment: big refining to the world ' s first recognition! " , product price differentials of 398 yuan per ton, ring increase of 23.37 per cent, pta-px price differentials repaired, while the price differentials for the HC products remained due to continued low end demand.
At a low level, the average price difference of 2023q2 polyolefins - crude oil is R$ 3186/t, ring oil plates continue to be high and company performance is expected to be further repaired: in the first half of 2023, the middle price of crude oil swollen, the refining plates maintained a strong momentum, and the price of diesel fracking failed.
Ongoing repairs, with a difference of $558 per ton for diesel fuel and $1123 per ton for petrol cracking as at 13 July 2023. At the same time, the px-previous oil price gap continued to widen, with an average oil price difference of $3,347 per ton for 2023q2px, an increase of 8.66 per cent in the ring comparison and an increase of 8.66 per cent in refining oil prices.
The company ' s performance is expected to be continuously repaired with the production of high-value-added products and firm ' s future growth in certainty: in the first half of 2023, the company produced 380,000 tons of polyether devices per year, and 100,000 tons of sundry per year.
In addition, the company ' s petrochemicals produced 1.4 million tons of ethylene per year and 1.4 million tons per year of ethylene per year.
The downstream chemicals project, the high-performance resin project, the high-end new materials project, the high-value meta-optics project, phase two, etc., are all moving in an orderly manner, contributing to the extension of the industrial chain and contributing to the downgrading of the company's products, leading to a further widening of the price gap and firm performance growth in the future.
We looked at the impact of the performance repairs brought about by the warming of demand and the progressive introduction of the company ' s new energy source materials deep processing project on the end product - the former oil price gap - but the demand for pre-finylene chemical products was still in the early stages of recovery, so we adjusted it down.
(1) Risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: (2) recurrent disruption of product sales and transport by the epidemic; (3) serious deterioration of end demand; (4) geopolitical risks; (5) project construction progress less than anticipated: (6) risk of significant exchange rate fluctuations: (7) other force majeure effects.
On 15 July 2023, the company announced its semi-annual performance forecast for 2023.
Type upgrades, but company performance is hampered by the fact that the current demand for ferrochemicals is still in the early stages of recovery. The current speed of pta release results in continued pressure on company pta performance, with a difference of RMB398 per tonne for 2023q2pta-px products, an increase of 23.37 per cent in ring comparison and a repair of pta-px price differentials.
The price differential for hydrocarbons remains low, with an average price difference of RMB 3186/ton for 2023q2 polyolefin-oil, and a decline in the ring
As of 13 July 2023, the difference between diesel fuel and gasoline cracks was 558 and 1123 tons, respectively. At the same time, the px-former oil price gap continued to widen, with an average price difference of 2023q2px-former oil price difference of 33.47 yuan/ton, an increase of 8.66 per cent in the ring ratio, and the refining plates continued to be high. 40 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity, 10.6 million tonnes/year px production capacity, company.
Performance is expected to be continuously repaired. 380,000 tons of polyether devices produced annually by the company in the first half of 2023, 100,000 tons of syrup/combined rubber per year, 70,000 tons of nickel from the syrup rubber unit per year, 250,000 tons of functional polymeric film expansion projects in the first half of 2023, and annual production
In addition, the company ' s tri-phase petrochemical production of 1.4 million tons of ethylene and downstream chemicals projects, high-performance resin projects, high-end new materials projects, high-metachemical fibre two projects, etc., are being carried out in an orderly manner, along with the company ' s future production and delivery of photovoltaic-grade eeva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefins.
The production capacity of products such as elastomers, nmp, etc. will be significantly enhanced, contributing to the extension of the industrial chain, which will boost efficiency gains in corporate products, lead to further price differentials and firm future performance growth with a strong degree of certainty.
1) The risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and large-scale fluctuations in oil prices will have a high probability of affecting the level of profitability of enterprises: 2) the epidemic disrupts the sale and transport of end products repeatedly: the epidemic repeats and spills or disrupts the sale and transport of end-products;
3) The end demand has deteriorated significantly: most of the chemicals integrated in the company are intermediate products, subject to the unexpected changes in supply and demand in the industrial chain. The need to take into account oil prices, downstream consumption, packaging, automobiles, infrastructure, etc., will also have an impact on the demand for chemicals:
4) Geopolitical risks: the end end of raw materials includes, but is not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil as a result of an emergency, or a significant increase in the supply of crude oil as a result of an emergency, end sales that include, but are not limited to, an increase in taxes on Chinese exports from the China-US trade war, anti-dumping investigations by South-East Asian countries against Chinese Changsi, etc.
5) The project is under construction at a slower pace than expected: several projects are under construction, such as the construction of the project at a slower pace than expected or the risk of significant fluctuations in the United States dollar exchange rate: crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, while revenue-end settlement is dominated by the renminbi, daily operations require purchase of the dollar, sale of the renminbi, completion of settlement, significant fluctuations in the United States dollar exchange rate or negative impact on the performance of the company;
7) Other force majeure effects.