Triumph petrochemicals (002493) Half-yearly 2023 report performance forecast: cleaning of the atmosphere repair, new material layout speed
The research assistant's key word: #reverse#second curve#cost drops # the bottom of the refined plate, the price difference predates the valuation: the refined price gap ring has improved since the beginning of the year.
The finished oils and aromatic hydrocarbons perform well, and the whole of the aromatic hydrocarbons are lost. As of July 13, 2023, the oil price difference between gasoline/diesel/px/pure benzene/ polyethylene/polypropenes is almost five years, and valuation repairs are significantly behind price differentials, followed by a large upward space.
At the end of the expansion cycle, the windway has been opened: 1) Px profits have improved significantly since March. The domestic px-stone oil price gap was $430 per ton during 23q2, an increase of $92 per ton over the ring, an increase of $126 per ton compared to the beginning of the year. As at 13 July, the latest price difference was for px-stone oil.
US$ 447 per ton, which remains in the high-scene zone. 2) The refinery catalytic re-engineering unit is the most dominant industry in the px, and the profit center is expected to move up gradually. The company is expected to benefit from this recovery cycle through the production of 10.6 million tons of px from carbide and China ' s petrochemical holdings.
• 100 billion new materials for investment layouts, “reduced oils” to increase value added: 1) The company has extended three new material projects downstream, supported by a ZP platform, to a total investment of over 100 billion, with major products including α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe,eva, dmc, pmma, abs, butene rubber,
Sunding rubber, among other things, some of its products were put into production at 23h1. 2) In addition, the company set up a new material company in the Pond, a 50 billion investment in fine chemical parks, a new material company in Taizhou, and a total of 148 billion investment in the new material company in Taizhou.
The construction of a new 10 million tons-year high-end chemical material project, which is currently well under way in the lead-up period, is expected to continue to increase in corporate profitability as a large number of fine chemical products are put into production downstream.
Quarterly reviews: short pressure on profits, new materials, regenerative silos, new material industry layouts, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.