tcl Group to change its name to tcl technology, to build leading technology enterprises Company announcement: to change its name to tcl Technology Group Inc., corresponding English name
Changed to tcltechnologygroupcorporation, changed to tclTechnology, changed to tcltech. Changed to tclTechTechnology, focussing on the technology industry.
Terminals and accessories, semiconductor monitors and materials, industrial finance and investment ventures. At the beginning of 2019, the company completed a major asset restructuring, dissociated the terminal and the accompanying operations, focusing on semiconductor demonstration technology and materials operations, and retained industrial finance and investment operations to support and enable major industries.
Along with rapid advances in technology such as 5g, physical networking, artificial intelligence plus clouds, technology is driving and deepening changes and reshaping in the economic, social, cultural, ecological and other fields, and companies will focus on high-end technology industries, continuing to promote vertical extension and horizontal integration of semiconductor displays and materials.
This change of name shows that the company is committed to the strategic positioning of the world’s leading technology firms. This year, t1 and t2 were fully productive, t3 was expanded, t6 was scaled up, t4 became operational, and the size of the company grew.
In addition, tcl and 8k technology will focus on large-scale high-end lcd products and actively print-based technology research and development and commercial applications.
The average daily turnover of three months (millions of yuan) will rise from the bottom of the tablet price, and the profitability will rise.
In the second half of 2017, it began to enter the lower route. In the next cycle of the round, the South Korean panel factory, the tristar, the lgd, gradually shut down or converted parts of the lcd production line. With the transfer of the industrial capacity of the Korean factory, and Li Dongsheng and his co-operators,
The demand for television panels has increased, and the supply and demand patterns of the production capacity of lcd have improved. Currently, the price of the lcd panels has stopped falling back. As the price of the panels has recovered, the profitability of companies will improve.
Pe is 16 x, 15 x, 14 x, respectively. Given the corporate semiconductor's leading edge in the field of displaying, the price of the liquid crystal panel continues to decline; projects are not as fast as expected.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. Wang Da-ting.