tclTech (000100) Production lines are running, stock buybacks show long-term confidence - tclTechnology Incident Review
Recently, the company issued a bulletin on the response to the 2019 new coronary virus outbreak: the company's production line was still functioning in January during the tcl star festival and was not directly affected by the epidemic.
The panel shows that the production line needs to be running uninterrupted throughout the year, and that the t1, t2, t6, t7 plants in Shenzhen and the Huezhou module are functioning properly, and that production and construction are not directly affected by the epidemic. The t3 and t4 plants are located in Wuhan and are operating as planned during the spring season.
\triangleright \triangleright large-sized 8.5-generation t1, t2 remained fully available, 11-generation t6 reached production at the end of 19 and 11-generation t7
The small size of the t3ltps line is fully operational, and the technology is improving its capacity. The t4 of the oled line was produced by the end of the 19th. We believe that the panel industry went to stock well in the second half of last year, that the stock is now at a lower level, and that the brand factory is gradually recovering as the country returns to work.
Business needs will return to normal, downstream channels are expected to enter the replenishment phase, and companies will continue to benefit. Repurchase shares will show long-term confidence, buy back shares will be used in employee holding schemes or equity incentives, and will be used to transfer debt, with employees holding shares.
Schemes or equity incentives amounting to not less than 150 million yuan and not more than 300 million yuan, which are used to transfer the funds to the TCI, which has a large and efficient advantage in the area of panel displays and materials, repurchase of shares and growth forms, show that the company has a strong confidence in future development.
The reference sw display industry pe (ttm, arithmetic average) was 52 times higher, with a first rating and a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company's future performance rate. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, served in the Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and was awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.