The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) focuses on technology and materials, tcl technology giants starting their flight.
Operating, the company proposes to change its name to tclTechnology Group Inc., but the security code remains <000100 > . tclTechnology Focus semiconductor display and materials operations, looking in core, basic, high-end technology fields
Merger acquisition opportunities: The company completed a major asset restructuring in early 2019, displacing its terminal and supporting operations. Listed companies are now mainly performing semiconductor panels and materials operations, retaining industry finance and investment operations to support and enable home-based development. Companies are also expanding upstream and downstream of the industry chain, for example, in the case of foundations.
The company plans to open new lanes, including chips, new energy, batteries, 5g and more.
In the direction of upstream materials or equipment, we believe that “tcl technology” with a change of name is better suited to the strategic positioning of the current listed companies.
Amoled flexible production line, folding panel output, demonstrates technological power: tclhua star in Wu-Han's 6-generation flexible amoled production line (t4) has already produced a quantity, not only a static, bent straight-line hand, the monitors can produce a quantity, and the flexible folding screen has officially been supplied to Motorola, a well-known international brand.
The folding screen uses touch-and-touch integration techniques that effectively reduce the size of the screen, while significantly increasing the number of folds and useful life, reflecting the company’s multi-year technological accumulation in the soft-led field. We estimate the volume of flexible-led panels projected for 2020 to be 12 million pieces due to investment.
The initial part of the production is still relatively low, and the amoled operation is expected to close the Korean LCD line in full by 2020, with a significant supply of contract-driven television panel prices A significant rebound period: Korea's display panel manufacturer, lgd ceo, has indicated that production will be discontinued by the end of 2020
South Korea’s internal production of lcd panels will remain only on mainland China’s icd panel line. This time, the lg exit was close to 13-14% of the world’s capacity, well beyond what we expected before we and the market expected. The company’s large-scale panel industry in 2019 suffered from a steady decline in panel prices.
The profitability of the company has declined significantly, and if the output of the lgd is withdrawn as scheduled, it is expected that the price of the television panel will rebound significantly in excess of 60% to improve the company’s profitability.
(b) Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment