The four-quarter performance loop improved with cost-side pressure affecting the 2021 Māori rate The current revenue of $7.91 billion, an increase of 8.0 per cent, and net profit of $950 million to the mother, a decrease of 18.1 per cent.
The persistence of industry overperformance, the rise in the prices of major raw materials for the company ' s products as a result of various factors, including the epidemic, and the higher cost of labour and manufacturing, as well as the increased investment in research and development, have combined to bring about a small increase in the cost of Māori in 2021 and an increase in research and development expenditure.
Higher labour costs, higher manufacturing costs due to the consolidation of new state production capacity, etc.. In 2021, the company actively conducted electronic research on car lamps and automobiles, raising the cost of R & D by 0.7 pct to 4.9%.
Production was equal, sales were down by 5 per cent, and the rate of growth in Camp 21q4 was -13 per cent. 2021q4 kernel customers were affected by a lack of core, q4 was sold at the end of a mass - 23 per cent, a single toyota + 12 per cent, a single red flag + 41 per cent, a wide-air vehicle – 12 per cent, a wide-rich and wide-back-0.4 per cent, Chirí + 3 per cent, an east winding and east-to-back 33 per cent.
In 2021, new orders, new capabilities, new products continued to break through. In 2021, the Star took over 62 vehicle-type lighting projects (13.5 billion), and the bulk produced 42 new models, which took over from 1 January to 15 March 2022.
The company will continue to move forward with the lights, including adb, dlp headlights, and mood lights.
Starwoo's share (601799.sh) - February growth of 25%, short-term lack of core, and higher value-added product ratios.
The project from the European mainframe started in 2022 and will be in the production stage.
XXXII: Strategic Co-operative Rainbows, Co-operative Assistance for the Development of CarLight Products.
Clients, industrial chains, combined growth circles, are steadily building overseas. Taking into account the uncertainty of the epidemic, the impact of the lack of cores, emissions, the price of raw materials, among other things, we lower profit projections and expect a sustained increase in income in 2021 and an improvement in the 2104 round of performance. In 2021, companies collected $7,909 million.
In terms of sales, by 2021, the company achieved a combined lamp production of 65,668 thousand (year-on-year +14.38%), 13,81 million sold and 11,650,000 sold. In summary, in 2021, the company ' s headlights grew steadily, with the controller acting as the company ' s new business and horizontally expanding the product category of the company ' s product.
Overall, corporate revenue performance continued to outperform the industry in 2021, with 2104 net profit ring growth of 25 per cent. In 2021, the rise in the prices of the company ' s main raw materials as a result of various factors, including the epidemic, was accompanied by higher human and manufacturing costs and higher R & D inputs, which combined resulted in a net return profit for the company in 2021.
Figure 3: Net profit and rate of increase in the balance of the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the asterisks of the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock in the single season of the net profit of the share of the asterisk of the asymmetric increase
−3.9pt. Prior to the transfer of control over the goods or services to the customer and the contractual performance costs incurred in the performance of the client's contract, such as storage costs, transportation costs, are recategorized from “sale costs” to “business as a whole” with effect from 1 January 2021, with a change in the accounting policy and a number of advances over the same period of the previous year.
After the change in accounting policy described above, the Māori rate was 22.08% in 2021, compared to 26.01% in the same period the previous year, the change was incomparable with the Māori rate of 2104 (part of the cost of sales is included in the cost). We used the 21-year Māori rate - the main reason for the decline in Māori levels in the company in the second half of 2021 was, in our view, that: 1) the light chip,
36% by length; 3) increase in manufacturing costs due to the consolidation of new production capacity in Changzhou, etc. Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of Starry shares, Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate of Starwoo shares for the single quarter
The increase in the cost of corporate sales was due mainly to the three packages sold during the period and to the increase in staff remuneration, and the increase in the financial cost rate was due mainly to the increase in interest recoverable during the period.
In 2021, companies actively engaged in electronic research on carlights and automobiles, and there was a marked increase in research and development expenditure. In 2021, the cost of R & D was 388 million yuan (year-on-year +25.65 per cent), with R & D personnel accounting for 18.98 per cent of the total number of companies.
Research and development centres in Shanghai, Wuhan, Shanghai, etc., have been active in driving light and auto electronic research, exploring new areas of business development, and laying the foundation for the long-term development of the company.
In 2021, the company picked up faster than the passenger car industry at a rate of 1 pct. In 2021, domestic passenger vehicle production increased by 7%, car production grew by 3%, as in 2021, and star-woo picked up by 8%, leading the car industry at a rate of 1 pct. In 2021q4, domestic passenger vehicle output was equal, sales were down by 5%, and Star-woot 21q4 picked up at a rate of 5%.
The core clientele of the 2021q4 company are affected by a lack of core core core core core core core core core core. q4 sales end with one mass - 23%, one gas, Toyota + 12%, a red flag + 41%, a wide-air vehicle - 12%, a wide-range and wide-text-0.4%, Chirí + 3%, an east wind, a growing pattern of 33%.
A red flag grew by 53% in 2021 and is expected to grow at a high rate in 2022. A red flag is a core client of the Starry Year, with deep collaboration. Most of the cars under the flag are long-standing.
Ten thousand, with sales equal to +98 per cent, in 2021 the number of red flags passed by 300,000, an increase of 53 per cent. In 2022, the number of red flags sold in January was 42,000 (year + 30 per cent), in February, influenced by spring factors, 22,000 vehicles (year + 66 per cent), and in August 2020, the Red Flag type H9 was listed as the premier vehicle for the volume of Starwoodb.
In 2021, the accumulation of a 50 per cent increase in sales of the red flag directly contributed to the company's performance, and the red flag is expected to be the top five clients in 2022, continuing to contribute strongly to sales.
At the end of the industry, the current trend in technology of carlights is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of pre-red lights, the front lights are developed to adb, hd-adb and dlp, thus achieving acillary driving, information exchange, human vehicle interaction, and so on. For back-combined lamps, the back-to-back lights are combined into a cross-section.
There is a clear trend in the development of the light, with the combination of cross-cutting lamps increasing the size of the car’s tail light, making the whole car more beautiful and secure. On the small light side, the internal atmosphere has risen in response to the needs of the consumer, making it a new point of growth.
In recent years, the company has stepped up the development and application of new technology and introduced new products for light controllers.
In recent years, the direction of R & D related products can be summarized as: 1) Digital lighting: the company has developed standardized modules from a single pixel, a tenth grade pixel, a hundred grade pixels, a 10,000-level pixel, a million-grade pixels, with two to a million separate controlled and a light-emphasis festival lighting units that can be customized to produce more symbols in the future
2) Internal rgb climate lights: rgb light source technologies are added to the traditional white light-led atmosphere lights, which can generate different light signals through control software. 3) Innovative taillights: based on flexible oled lighting technology, surface light technology, laser sculpting technology, development of innovative taillights. 4) Carlight control
Device: The domain controller can take power from the body battery and perform power management and hibernation awakening functions; it has 20 circuits of high edge power output and completes the power supply for different loads; the controller receives the car body Can message, and then moves into the car can/lin to communicate with the load lamp and completes the signaling instructions; for the light.
The barrier is controlled and given to the body of the vehicle through a can feedback failure; the controller has a bootloader function that allows the software upgrades to the controller and the controller load to be performed on the line to achieve different effects, and is a new generation of smart controllers that collect power, power outlet, can/lin communications, and fail-control as one.
During the year, the company enhanced its new technology development applications, including: 1) an intelligent front-light module based on dmd; 2) a smart front-light module based on microlled; 3) a hmi hand gesture recognition indoor light, a matrix indoor light; 4) a smartrgb atmosphere light, etc.
On the other hand, on October 15, 2021, Changzhou Starlight Inc. and Rainbow SoftTech had limited shares.
The company has formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou. Both parties will fully integrate and coordinate the production of sophisticated optical electronics, supply chain management, based on the innovative development capabilities of rainbow soft technology in the design of smart visual systems, the use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and all-out visual algorithms and applications.
In addition, the horizons had previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million in financing, and the strategic holding of a large number of car industry companies, including the Sorbonne shares, up and down the chain.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Co. Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dongjun, China, on a letter of intent to cooperate in light-lighted smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will win and win each other’s advantages by targeting services to global customers, and will cooperate strategically in the area of smart-car lights.
Close strategic partnerships to build sustainable development. The two sides will build smart car lamps from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, lead the development of the smart car light industry, create a sustainable and leading intellectual light system solution competitiveness in industry, and will fully engage in other business collaborations in the area of smart vehicle lighting.
We believe that the entry of dlp projector lamps and adb lights into the market is both an opportunity and a challenge for traditional car-light companies, that industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry, and that as stars, together with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic advantages, can be expected to be enhanced by their own traditional architecture, optical and electronic design.
The continued pre-occupation of forward-looking product research and development has widened the gap between the brands of other autonomous cars in the country.Figure 25: Mr. Lin and Mr. Liu Xingjun signed a letter of intent on both sides' behalf - a new order of good quality new projects provides a strong guarantee for the company's future development.
After 62 vehicle-type light development projects, 42 new vehicle-type batches, approximately 13.5 billion yuan yuan in new project orders, including adb front lights, dlp front lights and carlight controllers: between 1 January and 15 March 2022, the company took on some 4 billion yuan in new project orders.
After 18-24 months, the project began to contribute income and profits. We believe that companies compete for their own products, and continue to win new orders, providing strong guarantees for their future development.
The company's clients are one-bang-bang-bang-boma, one-bang-bang-bang, one-bang-bang, one-bang-bang, one-bang-bang, one-bang-bang, one-bang-bang, one-bang-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang, one-bang.
In addition, in the context of the rise of autonomous brands and new powers, the company has seized the prizes in recent years.
On 21 January 2022, Starwoo won the 2021 Quality Quality Quality Vendor Award for the company’s performance by entering the system of suppliers to the new power (America, Pelican, Ideas) and head-owned brand customers and acquiring the project.
On March 2, 2022, Honda's share was awarded a single-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang.
The Quality Assurance Vehicle Analysis Centre of Automotive Ltd. awarded outstanding recognition to key suppliers for their excellent performance in the 2021 psb upgrade, with a total of 98 vendors participating in the event, which culminated in only seven.
Figure 27: Starwoo's share in a single gas-public award of a "good supplier of product safety" certificate of honor-- new production capacity-- a steady advance in the Changzhou Smart Industries Park and an orderly expansion of overseas production capacity.
The second phase of the industrial complex and the third phase of the logistics centre are now officially operational.
Figure 29: The effect of the plant in S.O.S., in the medium and long term, shows that the new orders for S.A. shares + new products + new products + new products protect performance.
The Award for Excellence, the "Supper of Quality" Award for Honda 2021, has entered the system of suppliers of new powers (U, Peng, Ideas) and autonomous brand clients, and has acquired projects: production dimensions. The construction of factories in Serbia outside the sea has progressed steadily, and the European mainframe project will enter the production phase from 2022;
With new technologies such as dlp project headlights and db headlights coming to the market, and the ability of the stars to collaborate with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic designs, it is expected to hold on to forward-looking product R & D based on such advantages as their own traditional structural, optical and electronic designs
Reoccupation of pre-occupancy, widening the gap with the branding of other autonomous cars in the country, and companies will continue to promote the acquisition of adb prelights, dlp headlights and atmosphere lights and other car smart projects, gradually increasing the proportion of technology- and value-added products. In 2022-2023, the company is expected to achieve vehicle-type orders plus overseas workers.
On the long lane of the lights, steps were taken towards high-end modernization (the Japanese, the high-end moral system), globalization (the Serbian construction plant) and the aggressive development of head autonomy and new power in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new forces.
New customers, long logic. Comparable company valuations take into account epidemics, missing core effects, raw material price increases. Comparable company valuations are available: we choose Burtley, which has the same logic of import substitution, Boda, which is the core of the chain of carlight industry, and Tupou Group, which is the leading player in soundproofing to perform comparable company valuations (comparable company market value level or industry).
The average of four comparable companies in 2023 is about 26 times the average. Update the one-year target estimate for Stars. Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations. Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author