Starwoo shares (601799.sh) and new technology in the front-winding lights, constantly obtaining new orders, car parts and spare parts.
Tang Xuxia Company Proclamation: On March 15, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Co. Ltd. issued an announcement stating that in 2021 the company took orders for new projects of approximately 13.5 billion yuan, including adb headlights, dlp headlights and carlight controllers; from January 1, 2022 to the day of this announcement,
According to the research and development cycle of the carlight industry, the project began to contribute revenues and profits 18-24 months later. The company is operating in a normal business, and the work is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Large features, such as short-term led, long-term smart car lamps (adb, dlp) and laser lights, are high-quality tracks with spare parts broken down. In the future, in the context of intelligence, electricization, car lamps are expected to become a core vehicle for vehicle data flow export ends, enabling upgrades from "light" to "expression". Short-term dimensions, companies took orders for new projects in 2021, approximately $13.5 billion, and new projects from 1 January to 15 March 2022.
LIGHT INDUSTRIAL TRENDS VICTIMS, COMPLETE COORDINATION AND STRENGTHENING OF INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, STRATEGY OF COORDINATION AND STRENGTHENING, LONG-LIGHTING. Short-term core core cores of companies with long-term global engine potential.
From 1 January to 15 March 2022, the company took on a new project order of about RMB 4 billion. According to the research and development cycle of the lamp industry, the project began to contribute revenues and profits 18-24 months later. The company is operating in a normal and orderly manner.
The company’s ability to compete for its own products, its constant loss of new orders, provides a strong guarantee for its future development. The number of model projects, the number of possibly multiple lights in one model, the dimensions of the product, the continuous upgrading of the car’s electro-intelligent age lights, and the company’s forward-looking new product.
Intelligent background, carlights are high-quality lanes with a breakdown of parts. Since the adoption team followed and studied the lights market in depth (lights industry chain, in-depth research, lights disassembly experiments, lights company and entire factory engineers visit, international lights exhibition studies, etc.), it has been widely recognized by its clients, and as part of a breakdown of car parts, it can outpace the growth of the car industry as a whole, largely because of the value of the lights resulting from technological upgrades.
The underlying reason is that consumers are willing to pay higher costs for car lamps (beautiful, intelligent, energy-efficient) in the context of trends such as car electron, intelligent, etc., which, in the future, are expected to become vehicles' data flow core carriers and upgrade functions from “light” to “expression” in the context of future intelligent electrodynamicization.
As technology evolves, the new power of car-making lights are configured to emphasize technology and intelligence. A little pelicans, ideal labels, led, are used to highlight fashion and intelligence by using a colored/waterfall-style mitt. Smart cars carry 2.6 million pixels of dlp slides and more than 5,000 led of ISsc pixels to achieve V2x IED interactive and intelligent light expression. A matrix of led lights to be seen by 2020 is already at some price.
The market is expected to continue to expand as a result of the application of 10-20 million models, such as Hafh6, Eunwayrx5, followed by adb, dlp, laser lights, and an oled lamp with a led light.
Figure 3: Projection of Smart Autolights Looking ahead to the development of new technology in Carlights, from functional to intellectual, continuously upgraded from led-adb-dlp, with the unit price raised from $100 to over $2,000.
1) The function-based -adb car lamp - adapts itself to the remote light system (adaptivedrivingbeam) is an intelligent long-lighting system whose main function is to enhance the safety of night-time cars. The traditional headlights are bright, which can easily create a dazzling eye for people who drive in the driveway at night, and they are less dangerous than driving in safety.
Under this, adb technology, through the input of video camera signals, will determine the location and distance of cars coming forward and adjust the light-lighted area accordingly to avoid displaying the traffic, while at the same time maximizing the driver's vision, will enhance the image recognition of the adas system at night, and will become a technological trend for vehicle safety lighting, which is now part of the adas system and is more likely to become a future intelligent driving vehicle.
Figure 5: Adb dazzle map 2) is based on intelligence — dlp headlights — dlp full term `digitallightprocessing' , i.e. digital light processing, i.e. the technology requires digital processing of image signals first.
And then you project the light. It's based on the digital microscope (dmd (digitalmicromirorordevice) that's open to the ti company. The dlp image is based on the light source's optical components, such as spectroscopes, photoscopes, lenses, and the image is drawn through the control reflection of the dmd chip, which reflects the image on the lens. The dmd chip has millions of microscopes.
The film is assembled on cnos silicon, and each microscopic is installed on a fine miniature chain, which can reflect the image from the direction and angle of the digital signal-driven mirror. By controlling the millions of microscopic angles in its surface microscope matrix, changes the angle of the reflection of the light so that it can form a dark zone in the designated area, and
Controls the angle of the light and the size of the dark zone so that it effectively avoids displaying the aim. At the same time, it holds the most light dimensions on the road surface, ensures maximum use of the night lights, and effectively improves the safety of the car at night. The advantage of dlp lights is that: 1) high pixels, high resolution: adb single lens pixels are low at between 100 and 10,000 and dlp single lens pixels are over 100%.
Van.dlp is a much more accurate adb. with a very high resolution: 2) Precision instruction: dlp lens module can enable drivers to turn on long-lights in a variety of circumstances, without affecting the eyes of other drivers and providing precise instructions for lighting; 3) Dizziness: provision of light dark areas to avoid heavy light affecting drivers, pedestrians, drivers, drivers, or front vehicles; 4) programmable, intelligent interaction: dlp technology can provide customization for individualized vehicles, compared
As in the case of light shows, various hints can be projected on the roads based on environmental information captured by various sensors. At present, dlp lamps have a unit price of about $10,000 per lamp, above $5,000 based on foreign product prices, and have a significant downside price if the country becomes operational in the next 2-3 years and solves the problem of dlp light technology.
Figure 8: Dlp provides a lighted dark zone to avoid a strong light affecting the driver of the front car. Figure 9: Dlp projectes on the roads based on environmental information captured by the sensors. Starwoo shares as a domestic headlamps company to enhance the development of new technology.
Applyed; application of oled technology in post-combining lamps; production of second-generation interactively interactive and glamour-assisted remote-lights; hand recognition indoor lamps, pixel front-light modules successfully developed. In the first half of 2021, Starwoo successfully developed two types of pixel front-lights, one with an imaging brain-light using dmd as a core optical device, and the other with an imaging brain-light using microlled as a light source.
In addition, in order to enhance their scientific and technological innovation and research and development capabilities, the company set up the Shanghai Research and Development Centre in Shanghai. Strategic cooperation between China and China has brought about synergies in the industrial chain.
The signing ceremony was held for the signing of a letter of intent for China to cooperate in the light-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car operation. Mr. Jin Yuzhi, President of China's light-car-line, Mr. Huang Zhiyong, President of China's field, Mr. Jiang Li Feng, Minister of Smart Vehicle Solutions Marketing, Mr. Zhou Xiaoping, Deputy Director-General, Mr. Li Tree Jun, Deputy Director-General, Mr. Li Gang, Director-General of Lee-in-Chief. Mr. Liu Jun, Director-General of Light-car-lights in China's light-application field, and Mr. Lin Jun, Deputy Director-General of Star-woo, for the signing ceremony
According to the agreement, the two sides will use their respective advantages to win and benefit from each other, with a view to serving their global clients, and will work together on strategic partnerships in the area of smart cars and lights, building close strategic partnerships for sustainable development. Together, the two sides will build smart car lamps from design to manufacturing and delivering end-to-end capabilities, leading the smart car lights industry to develop, and building the competitiveness of the industry’s continuously leading smart-light system solutions.
In our view, dlp projector lamps and adb lights are entering the market, both as opportunities and challenges, and industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the lighting industry.
Figure 10: Mr. Lin and Mr. Liu Xingjun signed a letter of intent for cooperation on behalf of both parties.
The light industry trends have proven that companies actively embrace new technologies and front-end new customers, industry chains in synergy and outreach circles, and overseas construction is steady and logical. Short-term absence cores do not alter industry needs, and companies have long-term potential for global lights.
The company Topper Group conducts comparative corporate valuations (which are close to the market value of comparable companies), with three comparable companies having averaged about 21 times the average perpe in 2023. Industry core risk; domestic downside risk; annual downside risk; and raw material price volatility risk.
XXXII: Strategic Co-operative Rainbows, Industrial Chains Co-help Pre-Viewlights Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author