Lithium prices declined for non-ferrous and rare metals, and three-quarterly performance was overstretched: on 29 October, the company issued a three-quarterly report, which generated business income of $3.59 billion in January-September, a year-on-year increase.
26.4 per cent of the total net profit achieved in the third quarter was RMB 1.260 billion, or 3.7 per cent of the total; the net profit achieved in the third quarter was RMB 270 million, or 32.0 per cent less in the same year, while the gross profit earned in the first quarter was 28.3 per cent less in the first quarter, and the net profit earned in the second quarter was RMB 14.0 per cent less in the second quarter.
Lithium carbonate prices have fallen, with a sharp decline in the single quarter of the year; corporate business income increased in the third quarter of 2018, and the single quarter net profit fell in the same year. Although the company’s lithium output increased over the same period last year, the price of lithium carbonate continued to fall. According to Wind, the average price of lithium carbonate is approximately 147,000 yuan per year.
Tons, the average price of lithium carbonate dropped to approximately 114,000 yuan per ton, a decrease of 22.4 per cent, and the current battery-grade lithium carbonate report - 80-85,000 yuan per ton, with the company expected to sell the average price and the Māori rate for the fourth quarter, or to continue to decline.
In addition, the company announced on 27 September that it would invest $500 million to build an additional 25,000 tons of lithium carbonate. If the capacity is released as scheduled, the company will have a capacity of over 40,000 tons per year of lithium carbonate production and about 28,000 tons per year of lithium hydroxide production at the end of 2018.
Lithium hydroxide production capacity, expected to be completed in the first half of 2020. On 18 September, the company was upgraded to a total of 9.26 million tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide with the chemical supply of lg: on 21 September, the company contracted Tesla to supply approximately 20 per cent of the capacity to Tesla; on 26 September, the company signed a further strategic agreement with BMW for the supply of lithium chemical products.
The company’s customers are worldwide, and future sales will continue to grow. Investment is recommended: the company’s lithium product is a global leader, and the lithium mineral resource shortboard is gradually being replenished, but the lithium price is held in three quarters. The lithium industry: performance growth is expected, and lithium product production capacity is expected.
Lithium Industry: Lithium Resource Shorts are gradually being made up, Lithium Metal Production The Lithium Industry: Tripped in the first three quarters, Lithium Salt Production The Lithium Industry: The Lithium Mine Project is successfully operational and profitable
Lithium Industry: The whole industry chain has performed well, benefiting fully from the recovery of the industry climate from 2017-04-13.