The profitability of the increase in power generation continues, and the value of the coal tap investment is evident — the depth report of the Energy International (600011.sh) dated 07/06/2018
The profit from the increase in power generation continues, and the value of the fire tap investment is shown on June 07, 2018.
The fire power industry is already at the bottom of the cycle, and, as the cost is contained, the PEI profits will rebound. In 2017, under the influence of the high prices of Coal Power International (60011.sh), the PEI sector as a whole lost profits to the bottom of the cycle.
By working to increase the proportion of the General Association, the company actively exploits the advantages of coal port integration, strengthens the management of fuel throughout the process, and controls fuel costs. If coal prices return to rational space, the company’s profits are expected to rebound.
The fleet’s use of hours is expected to recover slowly from the combined effects of the increase in electricity consumption and the power generation of coal. In addition to the relative depth of 300 indices, the firm’s final electricity prices rose in 2017, as a result of the increase in the price of poles in July of the previous year and the contraction of market prices.
The research assistant for Ma Fong has benefited from growth at both the supply and demand ends, and we expect a steady increase in energy generation from Power International to lead the fire power industry in 2018. The industry is much larger than other power platforms, and the power structure is well configured, high-yielding and extremely advanced.
In addition, in the context of supply-side reforms and coal-free capacity, the energy industry has increased its investment in clean energy and actively optimized its power structure. Together with its high-quality output, more than 50% of the generators are more than 600,000 kilowatts.
The company announces that the annual distribution of profits in cash is, in principle, not less than 70% of the profits distributed in the current year's consolidated statement and no less than RMB 0.1 per share, with a strong red mark among enterprises in the same industry, with firm investor confidence on the one hand.
Focus, on the one hand, on the other hand, to make investment more defensive. Covering the risk factors that we give companies an “enhanced” investment rating: coal market risk; electricity volume risk; electricity price risk; environmental policy risk; interest rate risk, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
As of December 31, 2017, the company had a controlled capacity of 104 million kWh of installed power generation, accounting for 5.87% of the total-calibre installed capacity of the country, 92 million kWh of installed power-in-interest, and more than 15% of clean-energy generators such as natural gas, hydropower, wind, solar power, etc.
The company was established on 30 June 1994 in mainland China, Hong Kong and New York. The company was listed on the United States Stock Exchange in New York in October 1994 (code: hnp). The Hong Kong United Exchange Limited (“Hong Kong Associated Exchange”) was listed in January 1998 by way of presentation (code: 0902).
In the country, 350 million shares a (code: 600011) were successfully marketed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
China China China Energy Group Ltd. China Energy International Power Development Co., China Energy International Co. Ltd.
China China China China Energy Group Ltd. indirectly holds 100% of the shares in China Investment Corporation Ltd. via Huameng Hong Kong, while China Investment Company Ltd. indirectly holds 25% of the shares in the China Energy International Development Division, so China China China China Energy Group Ltd. indirectly holds 25% of the shareholders in China Energy International. China China China Energy Group Ltd. directly holds 10.23% of the shareholders in China Energy International.
Since the company’s listing, the company’s second largest shareholder, the HMG, has accumulated an equity capacity of about 36 million kWh, a build-up capacity of 004 million kWh, and a right to develop new projects. Moreover, HSG has accumulated cash of about RMB 6 billion through equity financing from participating companies.
1.2 Focus on the development of power in priority regions and the positive transformation towards clean energy development. The company's main business is to develop, build and operate large-scale coal-fired, gas-fired power plants, new energy generation projects and associated facilities such as ports, shipping, incremental distribution grids, using modern technology and equipment, both domestic and foreign, to provide electricity, heat and integrated energy services to society. In 2017, the company generated revenues from the sale of electricity products.
About 94.33 per cent of the company ' s main business income. In 2017, the company benefited from the contribution of the acquisition of its parent company, China Energy Group, the recovery of electricity generation in China, China, China and Guangdong and the combined impact of the production of new units such as the Beijing thermal power plant, the Suzhou burner, and the East China Sea wind power plant, which together produced 39,444,81 million kWh of electricity in China on a combined statement, a year-on-year increase.
Long 25.76%; cumulative heat supply of 176 million kJ, an increase of 81.44% over the same year. In the first quarter of 2018, the company ' s power plants in China completed the production of 104,311 million kWh on a combined statement, an increase of 8.67% over the same period, and the sale of 98,313 million kWh, an increase of 8.64% over the same period.
In terms of the type of power source, there are four main types of power, namely, electric power (including coal-fired and gas units), hydropower, wind power, and photovoltaic power. Fire power is a major component of the generator unit, accounting for 83.4 per cent of the company’s operating income.
Factors include the amount of electricity generated (loading capacity, number of hours used), the price of electricity on the Internet, and the cost of fuel. In view of the current situation, the price of electricity is relatively stable, while the price of coal is highly volatile, and taking into account the relatively high share of the company ' s coal unit, coal prices are a key factor affecting the company ' s profitability. In 2017, the coal price was high, with the coal industry as a whole, down by 82.73 per cent from the same year. To benefit from higher electricity generation and higher electricity prices, the company achieved a business income of $43.256 billion in the first quarter of 2018, resulting in a net profit for the mother.
12.19 billion yuan, an increase of 86.96 per cent over the same period the previous year.
2.1 Income: The country's electricity supply is growing faster, the power generation equipment is returning in hours, the economy is warming at a sustained rate, the electricity use is growing faster throughout the country, the electricity industry is one of the pillars of the functioning of the national economy, and changes in the supply-demand relationship are largely influenced by macroeconomic performance.
Upper industrial value added grew at a rate of 6.6%, a 0.6 percentage point higher than the previous year, and was at its best for nearly three years; the manufacturing pmi as a whole showed a steady increase, with a monthly average of 51.6% in 2017, up from 1.3 percentage points in the previous year. The country’s electricity use has rebounded since 2015, with an overall easing of electricity supply and demand across the country in 2017, a steady and faster growth of electricity consumption across society, with a 6.3 trillion kilowatt-hour growth rate of 6.6% and an increase of 1.6 percentage points in the same year.
Electricity has grown at a rate of nearly four years, with structural changes on the supply side leading to a new growth point in electricity use, a strong increase in electricity use in the emerging industrial services sector, and a steady increase in electricity use among the population.In January-March 2018, as a result of factors such as the increase in the demand for electricity in various industries, the country's total electricity consumption rose by a total of 15,7.8 billion kilowatt-hours, compared with 9.8 per cent.
The average increase was 4.1 per cent, and by 2020 it was about 7.2 trillion kilowatt-hours (kWh) for the whole of society.
Figure 10 Monthly electricity use by industry, Figure 11 Cumulative electricity use by industry, Figure 12 Cumulative increase in electricity use by society as a whole
Coal power production continues, the build-up of installed machines slows down, and the stock generation is good. The power structure of the country is still dominated by coal power, with 55 per cent of coal power installed in 2017 and 64 per cent of coal electricity generated. Moreover, coal power has a significant economic advantage compared to other forms of power generation. At present, the average price of poles on the Internet for coal-fired units nationwide is about 0.3738/kWh, which is still below the country’s average price of electricity on the Internet for all other forms of power generation.
According to our 13th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development, while our share of coal power will decrease from 59% to 55% by 2020, the basic fact that coal power is the primary source of coal production in our country remains unchanged. In the 2017 government report, it was first proposed to expand de-capitulation to coal power for the first time. In August 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance and other 16 ministries co-printed it.
The government’s report of 2017 recommended that coal-fired energy production should be phased out, stopped, and delayed, with a total capacity of over 50 million kilowatts. In 2018, the government’s report proposed a new target of over 65 million kilowatts.
As of the end of 2017, two coal-fired kW units, two tobacco stations (the eight-point thermal infrastructure project) and two 670,000 kW units were under construction, with production planned for 2018. In addition, there was no major coal-fired power project.
At the end of 2017, the company assembled more than 600,000 kW for 52.58% of the total heater, including 14 of the world's most advanced multi-kW class supercritical units, 66,000 kW of high-efficiency supercritical coal-fired units and the country's first supercritical reheating coal-fired generator units with the highest parameters in the country. In the context of the high rate of electricity consumption throughout the country, coal power is being produced, and the supply of coal power to the company's stock is being strictly controlled.
In recent years, with the acquisition and commissioning of new units, coupled with the injection of shareholder power assets, the company has continued to grow in size, predominantly with fire power, but the share of clean energy has increased over the years. In 2017, the company added coal-fired heater units with a controlled capacity of 150,000 kW, gas unit with a controlled capacity of 1.6 million kW, wind power units with a controlled capacity of 888,000 kW and photovoltaic power plants with a capacity of 628,000 kW. By the end of 2017, the company had been able to generate electricity from natural gas, electricity, electricity, electricity and electricity.
The share of clean energy generators, such as wind power and solar power generation, was 15.49 per cent.
In the first quarter of the year, the national average of 922 hours of power generation equipment was accumulated, an increase of 34 hours over the same period in the previous year; the national average of 1089 hours of electricity and electrical power was increased by 52 hours in the same year owing to the rapid increase in electricity consumption and the low rate of electricity generation, among other factors.
Figure 19 Increases in the average number of hours used by the nation ' s fire power unit, combined with slower growth in coal power generation, which has led to a better increase in the number of hours used by coal power, and an increase in the number of hours used by a large number of high-voltage corridors. In 2018, special high-voltage projects such as Shanghai Temple-Santung, Shanbei-Wuhan, Pre-East-Kunnan and others will be delivered for coal-rich provinces.
In addition, the number of hours spent on fire power is closely linked to the national policy of coal power generation, and as small units of less than 300,000 kilowatts gradually withdraw from the historical stage, it is necessary to provide more power space for large coal units. Taken together, we believe that the risk of further marginal deterioration of the average number of hours used by fire power is less significant and will maintain a slow recovery and gradual improvement.
In 2017, the average annual utilization of power plants in the company was 3.951 hours, an increase of 30 hours compared to the previous year, with coal-fired units using 4.194 hours, an increase of 87 hours compared to the previous year. In most of the areas where the company had coal-fired power plants, the company used the hour to lead the local average, meaning that power generation rights were gradually tilted towards high-quality large units, and that the side of coal supply reform was beginning to yield results.
The average number of hours (in hours) spent by the power generation equipment of the Power International in recent years is, on the one hand, a rapid increase in the total social use of electricity in the first quarter of 2018, and, on the other hand, a decrease in the availability of water in some parts of the country, a decrease in the amount of electricity generated by hydropower and an increase in the number of electricity generated by thermal power.
In June of the year, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on the cancellation, reduction of certain government funds and additional reasonable adjustments to the structure of electricity prices, with an increase of 8.64 per cent from the same year when 98.313 billion kilowatt hours of electricity were sold.
By 1 July 2017, the provinces and municipalities had adjusted the price of coal-fired machines to the standards of the Internet, and several earmarked funds had been cancelled and adjusted by about 1 cent/kWh.
The current increase in the price of electricity has resulted in an average settlement price of 0.41401 kWh/kWh per year, an increase of $0.0189/kWh per year. The increase in the price of electricity in 2017, as measured by the coal connection mechanism, has already met the conditions for triggering coal connection. But coal-fired power linkages have not been implemented since 2018, and coal-fired poles are still based on prices adjusted on 1 July 2017.
In 2017, the share of electricity traded on the national electricity market reached about 33.5 per cent of the country ' s electricity grid, and 25.9 per cent of electricity consumed by the society as a whole.
In response to the need for electricity restructuring, companies have enhanced their voice at the end of the sale by actively pursuing electricity sales, increasing the share of market transactions and large customer contracts.