Date
Rating
Company
Hold
Guoxuan High-Tech
Forecast Change
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Resources
002074.SZ
002074 CS
SHZ
Metals & Mining
Uncertainties on future transition but
negatives priced in; Hold
Valuation & Risks
Neil Sun
Aggressive expansion target but uncertainty looms over NCM; maintaining Hold
Research Analyst
As the third-largest Chinese battery player, Guoxuan positions itself to more than
double its capacity from 7.5GWh in 2017 to c.18GWh by end-2020, and targets
to triple its market share to c.18% in three years. However, we believe there is
James Kan
still uncertainty regarding Guoxuan's endeavors in NCM (lithium nickel cobalt
Research Analyst
manganese oxide) batteries (c.22% of 2017 shipment) after the disappointments
in the past 12 months. We set our target multiple at 15.4x 2019E P/E, in line with
the industry average, and revise our target price to RMB15.6 while maintaining
Vincent Ha, CFA
Hold.
Research Analyst
On top of the existing 7.5GWh capacity in 2017 (including 5.5GWh for LFP (lithium
iron phosphate) and 2.0GWh for NCM), Guoxuan is adding 2GWh LFP capacity
and c.4GWh NCM capacity in 2018. Total capacity is expected to reach c.18GWh
by end-2020 at a 3-year CAGR of 33%, but revised down from 20-25GWh
previously. The company's mid-term strategic target is to triple market share from
6% in 2017 to c.18% in 2020, to become a formidable competitor against the
current industry leader CATL.
Price/price relative
Meaningful progress on NCM batteries in 2H18 remains to be seen
production starting in 2H18, and expects its NCM battery shipment to reach
1.3GWh in 2018, or +92% YoY. Guoxuan supplied it batteries to 45k units of NEV
in 2017, and aims to reach 100k units in 2018 with orders by domestic brands
including BAIC, Geely, Zotye, Chery, SAIC, and JAC. However, it remains to be
seen whether Guoxuan, a previously LFP-focused battery manufacturer (c.78% of
2017 shipment), can have a meaningful presence in NCM batteries.
Cutting target price to RMB15.6; concerns factored in; risks
We believe the c.40% share price decline in the past three months has reflected
investors' concerns such as a) ASP/margin pressure in the medium term and b)
the uncertainty regarding its transition to NCM batteries. Factoring the 19% YoY
ASP decline and shipment disappointment in 2017, we cut our 2018/2019 NPAT
forecasts by -27%/-50%. We set the target multiple at 15.4x 2019E P/E, in line
with the industry average, and revise our TP accordingly. Risks: quicker/slower-
than-expected ASP cut or cost drop.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its res Distributed on: 03/07/2018 14:15:08 GMT
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 091/04/2018. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE PEOPLE 'S
REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF
PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU
Aggressive capacity
expansion
Guoxuan had 7.5GWh battery capacity at the end of 2017, of which 5.5GWh was
for LFP batteries and 2.0GWh for NCM batteries. On top of the existing capacity,
the company sets an aggressive target to add additional 2GWh capacity for LFP
and c.4GWh NCM capacity this year in Hefei and Qingdao, reaching c.13.5GWh
at the end of 2018.
Expects to see NCM battery demand picking up
While Guoxuan is one of the top battery suppliers in LFP batteries (mostly adopted
by EV buses), the company expects to see EV battery demand from passenger
vehicles pick up, where NCM batteries consist of over 80% share. Guoxuan
thus gradually shifts its focus to NCM batteries production, expanding its NCM
capacity more than five-fold from 2GWh in 2017 to 10.4GWh at end-2020.
We have outlined Guoxuan's capacity breakdown in Figure 1 below, where the
additional NCM production lines are mainly planned in Hefei's fourth factory (total
c.5GWh) and Qingdao Laixi factory (c.4GWh).
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Guoxuan's total capacity is expected to reach c.18GWh by end-2020, expanding
at a 3-year CAGR of 33%. However, this target has been revised down from
20-25GWh by end-2020 as the company's previous expectations on a) capacity
ramp up time, and b) market demand were too optimistic. The company's mid-
term strategic target is to triple its market share from 6% in 2017 to c.18% in 2020,
which implies that it will become a formidable competitor against the current
industry leader CATL. Regarding the timing for production lines addition in a
year, we expect to see Guoxuan's capacity commencement to mostly fall in the
second half in each year, per the company's schedule. Therefore, the capacity
commencement schedule creates a larger gap between its effective capacity
and year-end capacity for Guoxuan, compared to a smaller gap for CATL as the
latter's capacity commencement schedule is more evenly distributed throughout
the year. Please see Figure 2 and Figure 3 below for Guoxuan and CATL's sales
volume, effective capacity and year-end capacity estimates.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Uncertainty over NCM
endeavor
Meaningful progress on NCM batteries remains to be seen
production starting in 2H18 (see Figure 1), and expects its NCM battery shipment
to reach 1.3GWh in 2018, or +92% YoY. As NCM batteries are mainly installed
on EV passenger vehicles, Guoxuan has supplied 45k units of these in 2017, and
aims to reach 100k units in 2018.
The company has a positive 2H18 outlook of NCM batteries owing to: a) orders by
domestic brands including BAIC, Geely, Zotye, Chery, JAC, b) a larger battery pack
per vehicle to meet the longer driving range requirement, and c) market share gain
from cylindrical batteries, as Guoxuan believes the prismatic packaging format is
more cost effective when the vehicle carries over 30kWh.
A mixed picture between LFP and NCM market shares
However, we believe it is still too early to tell whether Guoxuan can repeat its
success in LFP batteries in the NCM field. We present the top 10 EV battery
installation analysis in 2017 and 5M18 in Figure 4 and Figure 5, where Guoxuan
YTD has gained market share in LFP batteries (from 10.0% in 2017 to 14.6% in
5M18) but barely had NCM batteries installation (from 2.3% in 2017 to 0.8% in
5M18). We believe the main reason behind the fall is linked to the different timings
of auto OEMs model launch schedules, but it requires additional orders from EV
passenger vehicles if the company wants to have a meaningful presence in NCM
batteries, judging from the market share analysis YTD.
Note: Batteries with other kinds of cathode materials include LMO (Lithium Maganese Oxide), LTO (Lithium Titanium Oxide) and NCA (Lithium Nickel Cobalt Aluminum Oxide).
Source: RealLi Research, Deutsche Bank
Note: Batteries with other kinds of cathode materials include LMO (Lithium Maganese Oxide), LTO (Lithium Titanium Oxide) and NCA (Lithium Nickel Cobalt Aluminum Oxide).
Source: RealLi Research, Deutsche Bank
Earnings and target price
revisions
Guoxuan's 2017 battery ASP and shipment were below our original expectations
due to intense competition and battery shipment adjustments at year-end. We
have revised our numbers after factoring the 2017 financial results, battery
volume, unit pricing and margin trajectory. Since changes in the battery industry
happened faster than our previous expectation, we cut our 2018/2019 net profit
forecast by 27%/50%.
Please see Figure 6 below for our detailed sales volume and unit margin
assumptions. For our forecast changes and consensus comparison for Guoxuan,
please refer to Figure 7 and Figure 8:
For our 2018E earnings revision: we believe the battery's pricing pressure
(-16% YoY) will be somewhat offset by cost decline (-10% YoY), but the
main factor to have a negative impact on earnings estimate should be
volume assumption (-37% vs. previous estimate).
For our 2019E earnings revision: we expect the cumulative effect from
pricing pressure (-13% YoY), coupled with volume assumption revision
(-36% vs. previous estimate), to comprise most of the negative impact
on our earnings estimate.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Figure 7: Forecast changes for Guoxuan
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP
Concerns largely factored in with c.40% correction in 3 months
Guoxuan's share price has corrected by c.40% in the past three months (Figure
9), which has mainly reflected investors' concern related to: a) ASP and margin
pressure in the medium term and b) the uncertainty regarding the transition
to NCM batteries. We believe the entire battery sector has encountered similar
issues, except for the market leader CATL, and several battery players are also
looking into a transition similar to that of Guoxuan.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP
Target multiple at 15.4x 2019E P/E, in line with battery peer average
After a 19%/23% share price correction in the battery sector (Figure 10), the peers
are currently trading at 19.0x/15.4x 2018E/2019E P/E on average. We believe P/E
methodology is still the most suitable to value the company, and we roll forward a
year to set our target multiple at 15.4x 2019E EPS, which is in line with the average
of battery manufacturers. Therefore, we adjust our target price to RMB15.6.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP
Investment thesis
Outlook
Guoxuan is the third-largest EV lithium battery player in China, with c.6%
EV lithium battery market share in terms of installation this year. We believe
Guoxuan's aggressive capacity expansion and competitive advantages should
help it to grow market share and make it one of the beneficiaries of the Chinese
government's target to put 5mn EV units on the road by end-2020. However,
battery unit pricing decline and EV subsidy policy change may put pressure on
its margin outlook. Hold.
Valuation
As Guoxuan has listed on the A-share market through a reverse IPO in 2015, we
believe its historical P/E band may not reflect its future outlook. We adopt a 2019E
P/E multiple of 15.4x for the company, which we believe has factored in its growth
trajectory and is in line with battery manufacturers' average.
Risks
Key Industry up/downside risks: 1) Significant changes in the Chinese
government's EV subsidy policy 2) Weaker/stronger-than-expected volume
growth in the next three years 3) Quicker/slower-than-expected ASP drop or
slower-than-expected cost cuts.
Guoxuan High-Tech
Reuters: 002074.SZ
Bloomberg: 002074 CS
Hold
Company Profile
Guoxuan High-Tech Co., Ltd develops, manufactures and sells
lithium battery materials and lithium batteries. Its major products
are lithium battery cells and lithium battery packs for electrical
automotives.
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitibility
Neil Sun
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Neil Sun
Historical recommendations and target price. Guoxuan High-Tech (002074.SZ)
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Equity Rating Key
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Metals & Mining
Guoxuan High-Tech
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives
or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes
on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade
found on the general coverage list and also on the covered company ’s page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction
belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of
no less than two weeks and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss
with our clients, and with Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or
events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in
market conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at
defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management,
and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and
does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not
an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy.
Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed
in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own informed investment decisions.
Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, and investment transactions can lead
to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other
than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not
necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated.
Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session and are sourced from local
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and
other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to
Metals & Mining
Guoxuan High-Tech
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the
higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the
most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may – by
construction – lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed
to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency that differs
from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks typical to
options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the
amount of funds initially deposited – up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous
market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets
and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls,
which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the
currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in
the investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, “You” or “Your”) with respect to any information
provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not
acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies,
products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being provided solely on the
basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not
constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products
Metals & Mining
Guoxuan High-Tech
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to
Catalyst Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have
been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been
reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ' s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited (save that any
shall be distributed solely by Deutsche Securities Asia Limited). The provisions set out above in the "Additional Information"
section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of
Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. .
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered
4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. The transmission of research through DEIPL
is Deutsche Bank's determination and will not make a recipient a client of DEIPL. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s)
may have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period..
Metals & Mining
Guoxuan High-Tech
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the
applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the
Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific
Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure
statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire
the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report
has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data,
facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior
approval from Research Management, analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of
travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by analysts attending
site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research Management and Anti-
Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value for their personal use from
issuers they cover.
Metals & Mining
Guoxuan High-Tech
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2018 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America