First coverage: Retail transition has been effective, asset quality base has been strong - CSB has reported in depth (601998.sh) Retail transformation has been effective and asset quality base has been strong
To cope with the economic transition, it is important to achieve high-quality corporate ownership.
In the last two years, ICB has moved from a “one-wing” with two wings: corporate banks as the main bank, retail banks, and financial markets, to a “three-pronged” three-way drive. With corporate banks as the backbone of the transition, building on traditional business advantages, creating customer-precision marketing services and niche product services; and retail banking as a breakthrough for the transformation, focusing on the full demand of individual clients.
In the process of strategic transformation, companies have been able to increase their capacity to diversify their assets and liabilities.
In 2018, the pre-tax profit ratio was 44.6% for corporate banks, retail banks, financial markets, more than $1.8 trillion for asset management, which increased by nearly 20%; credit card transactions, which exceeded $2 trillion, and cross-trade market shares, which were close to 7%. Credit resources continued to tilt in favour of retail operations, with new retail loans accounting for 61% of all new loans; retail loans accounted for 61% of all new loans.
The net non-interest income of retail banks grew by 9.14% in 2018, representing 63.53% of net non-interest income, up 0.86 percentage points from 2017. The firm’s asset quality base is further tightened.
In 2018, the balance of non-performing loans increased from $53,648 million in 2017 to $47,753 million in Portfolio Co. Ltd. and $143,638 million in cumulative provisions for 2016-2018, ranking among the top equity lines.
Cindasecuitiesco.ltd, although under pressure for asset quality data in the short term, is the key to the continued growth of the firm in the long run.
Not prominent, however, is the firm’s business robustness, capital adequacy, leverage, liquidity coverage, etc., all regulatory indicators are met, the criteria for determining non-performing loans are more stringent and the provision is adequate, and the company’s relative valuation level is not high, covering the first time.
Risk factors: (a) the sub-optimal pace of macroeconomic growth affecting the quality of assets; (b) the excessive increase in costs affecting profit levels; and (c) the introduction of regulatory policies that are not conducive to the development of the industry.BIS was established in 1987 as one of the first emerging commercial banks to reform and open our country and was the first commercial bank to participate in financing domestic and foreign financial markets.
In April 2007, the company was listed simultaneously on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong United Exchange a+h shares. With the development vision of building the best integrated financial services enterprise, the company fully utilizes the unique competitive advantages of the Sino-China Consortium in finance and business, making every effort to build an integrated service platform that provides corporate banking, international business, financial market operations, institutional business, investment banking, factoring, hosting, etc. to business and institutional clients
Co-operative financial solutions provide individual clients with diversified financial products and services such as retail banking, credit cards, consumer finance, wealth management, private banking, and offshore finance, which meet the needs of enterprises, institutions and individual clients for comprehensive financial services on a comprehensive basis. The scope of the company’s operations includes the absorption of public deposits; the issuance of short-, medium- and long-term loans; the acceptance and discounting of instruments; the purchase and sale of government bonds, financial bonds; joint lending; the sale, sale and sale of foreign currency; the issuance of financial bonds; and agency issuance, payment, payment,
Insurance of government bonds; provision of letter of credit services and guarantees; agency payments; remittance, sale and transfer operations; acting on open fund operations; carrying out portfolio investment funds, enterprise annuities funds, insurance funds, hosting of qualified offshore investors, etc. After more than 30 years of development, the company has developed into a total asset of over $6 trillion, with nearly 60,000 employees, with strong combined strength and brand competitiveness
In 2018, the company ranked twenty-fourth in the British banker magazine, Global Bank brand 500; corporate-level capital ranked twenty-seventh in the British banker magazine, World Bank list 1,000; and, in Forbes, World Enterprise 2,000 ranking, published in May 2018, the company Tobacco General Corporation and China Securities and Finance Corporation held 65.37 per cent, 24.78 per cent, 4.39 per cent and 2.28 per cent, respectively.
The percentage of shares held by Mission Limited has remained unchanged for almost three years, with 1.410 outlets in 146 large and medium-sized cities in the country and six subsidiaries, including China International Financial Holdings Ltd., SIL (Hong Kong) Investment Co. Ltd., Sino-Sin Financial Leasing Co. Ltd., Jinxin Town Town Bank, Zhejiang, Shinsin Village Bank Co. Ltd., Sino Shin Bank Ltd. and Alkin Bank.
Of these, the Sino-China International Financial Holdings Ltd., a subsidiary of the Sino-China International Financial Holdings Ltd., has 38 outlets in Hong Kong, Macao, New York, Los Angeles, Singapore, and China. The Sino-Chinese Bank, Inc., is the first direct sales bank with independent legal personality to be set up for companies and Peduc. The Alkin Bank has six outlets and a private banking centre in Kazakhstan.
Retailing operations have been highly effective, and companies have been very effective in transforming retail operations by insisting on the idea of institutionalization and strengthening the “priority of customers” concept. In 2018, there were more than 88.3 million retail customers, with 48.6 per cent increase in the volume of transactions, compared to 48.6 per cent, and the size of retail asset management exceeded $1.8 trillion, or $298.5 billion more than in 2017, or close to 20 per cent more than 20 per cent faster than in 2017.
Credit resources continued to tilt in favour of retail operations, with retail loans growing by $252.9 billion in 2018, or 61 per cent of all new loans; retail loan balances of $14.8 million further increased the value of retail profits from companies. In 2018, retail banking at home achieved net operating income of $54.949 billion, an increase of $5.14 per cent over the previous year, representing net operating income.
The net non-interest income of retail banks in 2018 was $36.615 billion, an increase of 9.14 per cent over 2017, or 63.53 per cent of net non-interest income, an increase of 0.86 percentage points over 2017, with credit card net non-interest income of $30.815 billion, or 53.46 per cent of net non-interest income, and bank cards and payments settlements that were more stringent, economic downs and deleveraging, leading to negative corporate growth.
From 53,648 million yuan in 2017 to 64,028 million yuan, the negative rate rose from 1.68 per cent in 2017 to 1.77 per cent. The main reasons for the negative two-fold increase were: public leverage, with some of the high levels of indebtedness under greater pressure.
The cumulative annual provision of $143.38 million, ranked first in the equity line, has put some pressure on asset-quality data in the short term, but in the long run has contributed to the foundation for firm-building sustainability. The development strategy of the company’s retail transformation has contributed significantly to the stabilization of bad rates.
Science, technology, innovation, rapid integration across development, information technology and financial operations, and active corporate robbery against financial technology. Companies work closely with leading Internet companies and financial and technological enterprises to improve data, data, and information.
Technology such as artificial intelligence is applied in areas such as smart customer service, smart wind control, and smart product cooperation. Companies speed up Internet penetration, provide easy and fast financial services to clients using such platforms as micro-mail, mobile phone app, etc., new media platforms have reached 80 million fans, credit card apps have over 8.5 million monthly live users, exceeding some large banks. In 2018, companies introduced the "Middle Trust Brain" and are now initially equipped to provide intelligent services in various areas such as retailing, public, trusting, compliance, etc.
In November 2017, the company, in association with Pedo, launched the establishment of the Chinese Trust Bank, which is the first State-owned holding bank to be identified by the country’s high-technology enterprise. As the country’s first independent legal entity, it sells its banks directly, focusing on areas where traditional banking services are relatively weak.
By the end of 2018, the Sino-Trust Bank had reached 12 million users, with assets of over $35 billion, cumulatively more than 4 million individual users and $5.8 trillion in equity to support its rapid development.
Development strategies: “One Two Wings” transitioning to a “Three-Step” in order to respond to economic transition and achieve quality sustainable development, corporate development strategies have undergone a transition in recent years from a “one-Step” to a “Step-Step” approach. In March 2015, companies developed and implemented the Strategic Plan 2015-2017 for the Bank of China, which insists on a two-wing “One-Step” industry with corporate banks as the backbone, retail banks and financial markets
The strategy is to build a two-wheel-driven product service system, driven by corporate banks and based on traditional business advantages, with a focus on “big capital plus big deal” to consolidate market lows; to build a large retail integrated marketing system as a breakthrough for the transformation of retail banks, to sustain business products, workforces and processes, and to upgrade the capacity of individual clients to provide integrated services; and to build a system of products and services covering currency markets, capital markets, and international financial markets, with financial markets as emerging growth points.
In 2017, when the three-year plan ended, the company developed the Business Transformation Implementation Programme for the period 2018-2020, moving gradually from a two-wing business structure based on the company’s banking as the main, retail banking and financial market to a “triple” approach. The company’s bank was the anchor for the transition, building on its traditional business advantages, to build a client-friendly marketing service system and a niche product service system: the company’s business seeks to be a superior structure, strong character, and real foundation. Retail banking was the entry point around individual clients.
The financial market is the emerging growth point, setting up a multi-layered financial market product system, innovative service models, and continuously increasing the ability to diversify assets and liabilities: financial market operations strive to achieve a critical mass, capture trends, catch opportunities, work the market, work the customer, and work the platform.
The corporate profit structure was more balanced in the context of the strategic shift from one to three. In 2018, the pre-tax ratio was 44.6%, 29.0% and 25.3% respectively for corporate banks, retail banks, and financial markets, with the latter becoming increasingly important.
(b) The commercial banks are typically heavy-asset industries, with the main profit model being profit margins based on low-cost debt, high-yielding assets, and the important complement of service-generation fees and commission revenues, with net corporate interest revenue accounting for more than 60 per cent of revenue in recent years.
After the Chinese economy entered a “new normal” and the profit model based on loan spreads was challenged, the company implemented a three-pronged strategy of “light assets, light capital, light costs”, and the inter-China business grew gradually, with its income rising steadily from 11.5 per cent in 2011 to 29.9 per cent in 2017, although the implementation of the new regulations on the management of the 2018 fund resulted in one ounce of net revenue on fees and commissions.
▪ Net income from other operations (net return on investment, etc.) The policy orientation and recovery of demand have led to a recovery in the share of loans in interest income. Loans on deposit have always been the principal business of commercial banks, with companies no exception, and interest on loans has remained at over 60% in the composition of corporate interest income.
As a result of the increase in risk, the company ' s share of loans in total assets was reduced in 2011-2016, with an increase in the allocation of non-target assets represented by investments in accounts receivable, loan returns, improvements in business performance, rising demand for finance as a result of supply-side reforms, and policies that actively led financial enterprises to return to their source, the company upgraded its loan allocation, loan interest income rose to 70.8 per cent, and the significant contraction of unattended assets led to a decline in interest income on investments in financial assets by about 10 percentage points to 21.1 per cent in 2016 compared with 2016.
Strict regulation has temporarily eased the pressure on deposits, but corporate liabilities remain high. The rise of p2p, monetary funds, and stock market milestones in recent years have resulted in a significant loss of commercial bank deposits, with corporate deposits falling from 81.8% to 64.72% of liabilities in 2012-2017, companies supporting asset end-of-end expansion through inter-operability liabilities and bond issuances, and the cost of the end-of-debt has not followed the asset end-of-return rate. While governance against financial disturbances such as p2p irregularities has been effective, commercial bank deposits have been deposited.
In recent years, companies have accelerated the use of financial science, technology and innovation in the area of credit cards, using large data technologies to build a relatively well-developed base platform that meets the needs of clients for different stages of financial services, with initial differentiated advantage.
Enter, the corporate credit card full-flow business system and wind control system are relatively mature. At the end of 2018, cumulative corporate credit card issuances amounted to 67,057,000 cards, an increase from the end of 2017.19 The implementation of the firm ' s accounting standard for irs9 resulted in a significant increase in investment returns. In 2018, the company implemented the financial investment class assets reclassification from transactional financial assets, available for sale, holding to maturity financial assets and receivables to financial assets measured at fair value and whose movements were recorded in current gains and losses (fvtpl),
Financial assets (fvtoci) measured at fair value and accounted for by changes in other combined returns and financial assets (ac) measured at amortized cost have been partially classified as fvtpl in each of the other three categories of assets, with the exception of the transactional financial assets, which were fully converted to fvtpl. The return on these assets was recorded as either a net return on investment or a change in fair value, resulting in an increase of 54.0 per cent in investment returns (including changes in net returns on investments and fair value) in 2018 over 2017, and their share in revenue was 5.4 per cent from 2017.
A significant increase to 7.9 per cent is the most significant component of net revenue from revenue, excluding interest and fees and commissions. Figure 8: Banking card operations are the focus of the dynamism of inter-firm operations
The growth rate of 1.9% per year has recovered, and the profit and net profit before the provision have risen at the same rate as in 2017. The main reasons for this breakdown are that, following a positive reduction in size and restructuring in 2017, the size of corporate assets and liabilities has returned to the expansion path in 2018, and that the structure continues to be optimized, with an increase of 6.9% in total assets over the same period. Three of these are non-interest income contributions that have not decreased. While the new rules of governance have led to a contraction in the size of banks and a decrease in fees, the net return on investment in bank cards and financial assets has been offset by an increase in the net return on investment.
The negative impact of the former has been offset by a roughly flat ratio of non-interest-based corporate income in 2018 compared to 2017. Figure 10: The recovery of net interest rates and total asset turnover from lower rates of company revenue and profit growth has led to a downward shift in the focus of roe and signs of stability in 2018.
Companies try to address this impact through light assetization and retail transformation strategies, but the rapid growth of middle- and retail operations is still not sufficient to offset the net liquidity ratio resulting from the decline in net interest spreads, as corporate asset liabilities continue to grow at a very high rate in an unfavourable macro-environment, and asset liabilities are not properly structured. In 2016, macroeconomic growth continues to fall, interest rates remain low, and companies maintain their liabilities through debt payments, borrowing from central banks, and drawing deposits, among other things.
There has been a modest annual recovery in corporate asset turnover to 2.81%. Deleveraging factors have also been explained by companies’ proactive adjustment to the market environment, and, as regulatory policy changes and the structure of corporate asset and liability optimizes, there has been limited scope for further declines in corporate equity multipliers and a greater likelihood of stabilization.
With the adoption of stricter criteria for recognition, the company ' s non-performing lending rate rebounded, but there are signs of a steady decline. The asset quality and macro-environment correlation increased from 0.6 per cent to 1.7 per cent in 2011-2017, resulting in the company ' s initiative to include all loans that were more than 90 days overdue in 2018, which led to an increase in the non-performing loan rate of 9bp in 2017, with the asset quality of the company improving in 2018 from the point of view of the delay. On the one hand, it showed a real increase in the exposure of the company ' s non-performing loans, and on the other hand,
The low and stable rate of bad retail lending reflects the significance of the transition to retail. Retail lending is small and small in size compared to public loans, and appears to be low value for money, but retail lending is significantly less bad than public loans and is counter-cyclical in nature, with risk-adjusted returns being higher than public loans in recent years.
The incidence of bad public loans rose from 0.7 per cent in 2011 to 2.6 per cent in 2018, and the rate of bad retail loans began to rise after reaching a peak of 1.2 per cent in 2015 for the priority sectors of public loans. Of the company ' s 2018 loans, real estate, manufacturing, rental and commercial services, wholesale and retail, and shipping, warehousing and postal services accounted for 9.0 per cent, 8.5 per cent, 8.2 per cent, 4.4 per cent and 4.4 per cent respectively.
The lending rate has continued its upward trend, particularly in the manufacturing, wholesale and retail sectors, where the negative balance was 70.2 per cent as a proportion of the public loan balance in 2018 and retail loans were relatively flat (%) for the high rate of bad public loans.
Figure 15: High downside rates in wholesale retail and manufacturing (%): High and steady rate of regular loan migration (%) Profit forecasts, valuations and investment ratings
Income can be divided between interest and investment income on the basis of whether bank-owned funds are occupied, which includes income from loan operations, deposits of central bank operations, income from business of association, income from financial investment operations and other income; and income from commission and commission, which is the main source of revenue.
The size of lending operations is largely influenced by the current year’s savings, willingness to release them, and regulatory policies. Corporate deposits have shown a downward trend in recent years, mainly because annual deposits in Internet finance will increase at the same rate as in 2018 and will decline slightly in the future. With the liberalization of lending ratios in 2015, bank lending development has been reduced.
The size of the assets of the joint venture, which includes the storage of the joint venture, the disbursing of funds, and the purchase of re-saled assets, is largely dependent on liquidity. Since March 2017, the Bank ' s Supervisory Board has been working on the management of civil unrest in the industry, referring directly to banking business, the development of the joint venture is strictly regulated, and the size of the corporate asset liability has been significantly reduced.
The purchase of assets, such as resales, has declined more rapidly due to the industry’s environment and regulatory factors. Given the relatively low share of assets in the company’s current counterparts, we believe that, despite regulatory proposals to control the overall gate of monetary policy, monetary policy will be fine-tuned, it will remain generally relaxed, with inter-bank liquidity projected for 2019 relative investment in financial assets: the ratio will pick up slightly from a low position.
In accordance with the new accounting standards, investments in financial assets consist mainly of financial assets measured at fair value and whose movements are credited to current earnings, financial assets measured at fair value and other combined gains, and financial assets valued at amortization cost, with 26.4 per cent of the total assets invested in IBS in 2018, guided by regulatory policies such as deleveraging, new regulations on financing, and investments in financial assets (in accordance with the old accounting standards, including tradable finance, available for sale, holding to maturity financial assets).
The ratio of investment assets (and receivables) to total assets began to decline after reaching a peak of 33.0 per cent in 2015, falling to 25.1 per cent at the end of the second quarter of 2018.
In 2011-2017, inter-bank operations grew rapidly, with fees and commissions increasing at an annual rate of 32.7 per cent, with bank card fees increasing at a rate of up to 54.0 per cent.
The share of revenue received rose rapidly from 11.48 per cent to 29.9 per cent per annum. Under the new regulations, the revenue from bank charges on property was higher in 2018, the credit card charges were slower and the net revenue on intermediate business fees and commissions fell slightly from 2017 to 27.4 per cent.
In terms of asset quality, as a result of slower macroeconomic growth and stricter criteria for the identification of non-performing loans, the firm ' s ratio of non-performing loans rose from 1.68 per cent in 2017 to 1.77 per cent in 2018. In the first quarter of 2019, the business financing environment improved with increased lending investment and, while the balance of non-performing loans increased by $197 million, the rate of non-performing loans fell from 5 bp to 1.72 per cent. As a result of improved financing conditions, the real-economy credit environment will improve to a certain extent, and the rate of non-performing loans will decline in 2019 compared to 2018.
Annual coverage is 161.94 per cent. If the Interim Scheme for the Classification of Risks of Commercial Bank Financial Assets were implemented, the provision for financial investment class assets would have increased significantly, thereby raising overall credit costs.In terms of corporate capital position, as at 31 December 2018, core-level capital adequacy, level-I capital adequacy and capital adequacy under the consolidated corporate statements
The minimum capital adequacy targets for 2020 are: Non-systemically significant banks are required to meet the minimum requirements of at least 7.5% capital adequacy at the core level, 8.5% capital adequacy at the first level, and 10.5% gross capital adequacy at the core level, in accordance with the Financial Monitoring Board ' s Commercial Bank Capital Management Scheme (pilot) targets. Companies need to set capital management targets to ensure at least that this requirement is met. We anticipate that, with net profit growth and ongoing bond issuance, capital adequacy at all levels of the company will meet regulatory requirements, 2019-2021.
In terms of market value, the company ' s market value is fourth among the eight publicly listed banks, with a total market value of $287.2 million, which lags behind recruitment, growth and development, and Pouphu. In terms of valuation, it is third and sixth, respectively, at the medium level, with a market gain and a net market rate. In terms of asset size, the company, as a equity bank, is not comparable to the State-owned bank, but far higher than the city-owned comptoir and the agricultural comptoirs.
In terms of profitability, the stock bank as a whole does not match the state-owned banks, urban comptoirs, but it is higher than the agricultural comptoirs, which have a clear advantage in holding loans. The comptoirs are more active in financial markets, have a greater willingness to innovate, and have an advantage in middle-level operations such as credit cards, capital management, etc. Except for the most prominent recruitments, there was not much difference in the shares bank’s Roe in 2018, with the company at the bottom being 10.65%.
In terms of capacity to grow, because of a more robust business style, corporate operating income and net profits have not increased at a similar rate in the equity sector, which is lower in the industry than in the state-owned majors. In 2018, corporate operating income increased at a rate of 5.2 per cent in the same year, and was only higher in the listed stock lines than in the Bank of Pupha; net profits increased at 5.83 per cent in the same year, and ranked fifth in the list.
Although corporate profitability and growth are not prominent in the equity lines, companies operate more robustly, capital adequacy, leverage, liquidity coverage, etc., regulatory targets are met, non-performing loans are more stringent in their criteria for recognition and adequate provision is made, companies are relatively undervalued, covered for the first time, and are rated as “enhanced.” The annual figures for the same rate of increase in net profits, the same rate of increase in total assets, and the same rate of increase in net assets are 2018.
Macroeconomic growth is not as rapid as expected, affecting the quality of assets; 2. Cost rises too fast, affecting profit levels; and 3. Regulatory policies are in place that are not conducive to industrial development.
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. This report is a unique research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.