Business integration is continuing, and Wang Jie's health control costs are increasing, and Baek Yunshan (600332), semi-annual report, 2019, has issued an evaluation report/food and beverages industry.
On August 23, 2019, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved business income of 33,341 million yuan in the first half of the year, equivalent to +43.10 per cent in the same year, and a basic eps of 1.57 yuan.
\triangleright, in May, the company completed a 30% equity acquisition for pharmaceutical companies; and in October, it completed a 48.05% acquisition of Wang Gigi Pharmacy.
In the first half of the year, the consolidation of the statements resulted in the largest impact on the size of the collection, with a direct reduction in the Māori rate and the period cost rate. -27.55%, net profit of $832 million, or +24.5%, of the non-mortality margin.
The company's main business is robust. The 19q2 company's Māori rate is 19.21 per cent, corresponding to 7.59 percentage points; the rate of high-health plate rates is rising at a smooth rate over the period, and the rate of Māori is significantly increased by the cost-covering measure 2019h1, with the company's large health plate generating $5,854 million, compared to +10.98 per cent, with a stable overall rate of increase.
During the first half of the year, Wang Ji Dalian Health implemented a cost-control measure, which resulted in operating costs equal to -10.53 per cent, and a high level of 49.58 per cent, or +12.12 per cent, of the kale. In addition, the tea business is still deep.
In the summer of 2019, Wang Ji continued to consolidate his rejuvenation strategy, developing the theme of “More Hot Go Out” and introducing new spokespersons; while in the city, Wang Ji stabbed the lemons series and jasmine tea, among other things.
In keeping with the development of new medical products and enhancing the synergy of the plates, the company will increasingly develop “fashion medicine” using “large varieties” as a tool for the development of pharmaceutical products.
In terms of research and development results, 2019/h1, the General Research Institute's National Pool of Animal Resources for Canine Experiments was successfully selected for the National Platform for Science and Technology Resource Sharing Services; the Group obtained production batches (including additional requests) in five cases, authorized domestic patents for 13 inventions, applied new patents in four cases and two new ones in two cases.
Provincial engineering and technology centres; the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency has been steadily moving forward, with a consistent assessment of the price of the head sulfur esters. In terms of access expansion, companies have focused on “deep tilling + opening” in medical channels, expanding medical community operations in hospitals, and accelerating the downswing of the end distribution channels and the layout of retail operations.
The synergies between the company ' s Grand Nan medicine and the Great Business Block will be further enhanced through the use of large business distribution networks and logistics advantages, and companies will be able to develop robustly over the long term.
The value is 16 times higher, taking into account the soundness of the company’s operations and its future long-term growth. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,