On 10 September 2019, at the twenty-sixth meeting of the seventh Board of Directors, the Hong Kong Corporation for Financing, Operations and Valuation, considered and adopted the Bill on the Establishment of the Authority to Initiate the Preparation of the Listing of Companies Associated to Hong Kong.
In order to further expand the external financing of companies and accelerate the implementation of the internationalization strategy, taking into account the development needs of the pharmaceutical business in Guangzhou, the Board of Directors of the Corporation authorized the management of the company to initiate pre-market preparations for the merger of pharmaceutical companies into Hong Kong. The Board of Directors of the Pharmaceutical Corporation also agreed to initiate the pre-market preparation process.
Guangzhou Medicine is a major asset and performance contribution subsidiary of the company's big business branch, and is the south China drug-flowing dragon, White Cloud Mountain (600332).
The high production and debt ratio (80.1%) contributes about 168 million yuan in profits, and the large business sector contributes 20.530 billion yuan in revenues. In the current period, changes in public investment and fair value have led to the division ' s removal of Guangzhou medicines from the market, which we consider to be a combination of financing to relieve thirst, clear business and valuation improvements: 1)
The profits increase, and in the future it depends on the consumption bill to finance the thirst. In particular, the wholesale business pays for the up and down of the industry chain and has a high operational capacity for the money.
In general, the pool of funds has been expanded through loans, securitization of receivables and direct financing to support larger business operations, and the separation of direct financing on the market is the least costly way to alleviate the hunger and thirst of the funds; 2) operations have been clarified.
Market value discounts on the existence of integrated enterprises. The current pharmaceutical manufacturing industry is higher than the commercial value of pharmaceuticals (25 times as high as Chinese (sw), 39 times as chemical (sw) and 16 times as much as pharmaceutical commerce (sw)) and, after disbursing the state medicine, the company’s business is more focused on the industrial (Great South drug and Great Health) branch, which helps to improve the valuation level while clarifying the business.
At the end of the year, the industry branch was growing rapidly, looking at Wang Ging and Gingo's single product, which received $9.635 billion in 2018, an increase of 23.59 per cent compared to the previous year, of which the chemical anti-microbial drugs (the first scaffolding series, the injected sulfon, the head sulfone series, the head sulfone series, the head sculptone) were growing faster than the second.
Eighty-eight per cent, 104 per cent, 85 per cent and 46.5 per cent, respectively; the same level of 30.37 per cent was maintained in the Great South Pharmacy Division of 2019h1 and 47.7 million pieces were sold in 2018 in large single items of gold, amounting to $662 million, with sales and revenues increasing by 20.45 per cent, respectively. Since the approval in September 2014, there has been a rapid increase in the collection and municipal share of gold and 660 million in sales over four years.
Revenue, we expect the market end sales revenue to be close to 1 billion, and we continue to appreciate the rise in the future of the city. Big health. Big health.
The odds are already in the lead, with profit rates expected to improve continuously in the run-up to the price of Gatau's cold tea products. The profit forecast and investment rating of the company's profits, the price reduction of the drug bidding, and Wang Hsiao-gil’s sales, are not as high as expected.
So, st. 03005180002 Academy sales team, Xu Jialine.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.