McVell continues to be over-expected, power cell high-end expansion is going well — billion latitudes of Lithium Annual Report and annual report revenue performance is growing rapidly, with slightly over-expected performance in the quarter.
In January-December 2018, the company achieved revenue of $4.351 billion (yoy+45.90%); net profit on maternity, 175.46%, with a slightly higher performance in the quarter. We look forward to a steady growth in the company’s lithium base battery business, a high-end soft-bag battery, a high investment return from McVell’s high growth, and the company’s future business.
The performance is expected to continue to grow. As a result of the continuing overperformance of the participating company McVell, we expect the company’s multi-business portfolio to grow rapidly, with high R & D inputs driving the future momentum, and the lithium primary battery business to achieve a business income of $1.2 billion, an increase of 10.01 per cent over the same period, with a major increase in performance.
From smart meter markets, smart traffic markets, auto electronics, and other new and emerging applications. Lithium ion battery operations generate revenue of $3.51 billion, an increase of 126.61%, and continue to grow at high speeds. The company has successfully expanded the non-vehicle market for trio cylinder batteries, which is larger than tti, Glebo, calves, etc.
McVell’s return on investment was $298 million, leading to a significant increase in corporate investment returns over the same period. Corporate investment in R & D continued to grow, reaching $400 million in 2018, representing 9% of revenue, in the second-line battery industry, with strong momentum for future development.
• Advanced Soft Pack Batteries with progressive power for Daimler and Modern Kia.
The year-round performance forecast is slightly over-expected, the McWear area, with major clients from Nanjing Kinglong, Zhengzhou Woo-tung and Jili cars, phosphate lithium-powered batteries with strong smoke growth, 2018-11-26.
The company began to accept multiple international high-end passenger car customers in the second half of 2018.
In the future, as the volume of goods and capacity utilization increases, the scale effect is expected to be gradually demonstrated, and interest rates are expected to return to a reasonable range and profitability is expected to increase.
"Lithium Original Batteries Powerier, Soft Packed Battery Founder" 2018-09-24.