During the period, both income and net profits exceeded the full year ' s business plan (the 22-year plan achieved a net gain of RMB 11.4 billion, with a net gain of RMB 880 million). Income continued to grow in the first quarter; performance fluctuated in the third and fourth quarters.
\triangleright billions (yoy-20.9%). Income continues to grow in the first quarter, and performance fluctuates in the third and fourth quarters.
1) The company continues to focus on the airline industry, with aviation products receiving $9.84 billion, yoy + 13.8%, which is more expensive than the total research assistant; continuous increase in R & D inputs; increase in receivables/inventory or reflective of demand. Cost side, company 2022
21.9 per cent for the period \triangleright, an increase of 2.01 ppt over the same period, of which 1) management rate of 9.1 per cent, a decrease of the same for the same period
The net cash flow from operating activities was $790 million, compared to $1.55 billion during the same period in the previous year, mainly due to a decrease in the recovery of goods, and the consolidated reorganization programme was approved by the CVM and the combined strength of the air-borne system may be expected to increase.
Review: robust growth in performance; reorganization programme reviewed by the Shareholder Assembly 17 March 2023, consolidated reorganization programme approved by the CVM, closed and de-listed Chinese aircraft and electricity, 2022/10/31
This is in the process of implementation of the exchange of shares. This merger of the Chinese and Chinese electronics has resulted in the mid-2022 AIR 2. The Chinese electronics (600372.sh) have been evaluated: the deep integration of the electronics and the aeronautical electrical systems, which are in line with the global systematization, integration, integration and integration of the aviation industry.
1h22 performance growth of 35 per cent over the same period; asset restructuring; intelligent development trends, and future consolidation of airborne systems in the aviation industry, which may be expected to increase.
Investment proposal: The company is the leader of our national air and electricity system, covering defence aviation, civil aviation, advanced \triangleright rating: 1q22 net profit from mother growth of 44 per cent; profitability
The three main areas of manufacturing, combined strength may be expected to increase further as asset restructuring progresses smoothly
Trade point assessment reports: profitability increases from year to year; linked transactions methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.