Mechanical fundamentals/general-purpose machinery/mechanical equipment Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100) - Downstream recovery benefits from high-pressure fuel tanks with pump valve products released immediately
The recovery of the excavator industry has benefited from the specialized tank operation. The recovery of the excavator industry has benefited from the start of the renewal cycle, the boom in investment in real estate and investment in infrastructure such as roads and railways.
In September last year, until February, sales increased by more than 50% for five months, especially in February this year by 298% on a year-on-year basis. With the upturn in downstream excavator industry, the company’s special tank operation is expected to hit the bottom.
With over 40% field occupancy and sufficient hand orders, it is expected that the current capacity utilization rate will be further enhanced to achieve a rapid increase in sales revenue. The non-scaling tank business will expand significantly.
For the first time in the company’s history, $516 million exceeded the revenue from the special tank used for excavators, a 24.19 per cent increase. In 2015, the sales revenue from the shield tank grew by 55 per cent per annum, in the domestic municipality, Wong Wen Trung.
Field occupancy was over 70% and ranked first in the global market; revenues from company sales of huangwenzhong@gwgsc.com oil tank grew by 103% in 2015. Shields, high-end marine industry, special vehicle fluids
So200514120002 pressurized tank products became the three main new kinetic energy to lead the growth in non-standard tank sales. Gradual construction of hydraulic valves and hydraulic pump production bases began, and current batches of pump valves are now underway
zhouyu@gwgsc.com Supply, consisting mainly of 6t, 8t excavator-controlled hydraulic valves and high-pressure cylindrical pump, which has now been replaced by initial testing of water imports.
Inline, full capital acquisition was achieved through the replenishment. The company's pump valve is expected to take 17 floors of Lian Fu Building in 2016, amounting to RMB 125-140 million (including Haweinline 7-80 million).
At a median of 93.67 times, the company's valuation still leaves much room for upswing, considering that the company's exclusive high-pressure tank benefits downstream.
Sou, the pump valve product is being released, and we give it a “buy-in” rating for the first time. Fixed-asset investment is falling rapidly; excavator sales are falling rapidly; pump valve markets are not opening up; companies are the largest producers in China’s hydraulic industry, the best product variety and series, the most competitive and influential.
Industry groups, committed to technological innovation in hydraulic products, provide safer, more efficient, and more rational hydraulic transfer and control solutions for global customers. Companies have invested in building the country’s first large-scale production base for high-pressure fine hydraulic castings, hydraulic valves, pump production bases, and have started expanding overseas markets by buying and buying Shanghai, Germany, Waco, Germany, and Germany, Hawiinline.
The Division ' s products have covered high-pressure fuel tanks, high-pressure cylindrical pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and high-precision fluid pressure casts, and have become providers of hydraulic packages with international influence, as well as hydraulic technology programmes. The companies are the United States Caterpillar Corporation, Hangzhou Styling Mechanical Co. Ltd., Guangxiju Mechanics Co., and the Japan-building Corporation.
The net profits of shareholders decreased by 37.53% from the previous three quarters, mainly due to the combined reporting period of Ha Wynn, and the decline in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies due to the government that accounted for out-of-service income during the same period.
Reductions in subsidies and higher increases in fixed-cost expenditures, such as depreciation amortization related to new hydraulic pump valve operations. 1.2 Overview of major financial data of companies2
Oil cylinders, also known as hydraulic tanks or hydraulic tanks, are key components of the hydraulic drive system. Hydraulic motion is a fluid medium for the transfer of energy and control transmission. Because of the power of hydraulic transfer technology, the volume, frequency, pressure, flow control, flexible power transfer, the ability to move in a straight line, and the ability to move at no extreme speed, etc.
Hydraulic systems are typically made up of power components, executing elements, control regulators, support elements, and work media. The tanks are an important executing factor in hydraulic systems.
The function is to transform hydraulics into a straight line, swinging to a complex mechanical motion. The typical rectangular hydraulic cylinders are typically made up of cylinders, caps, pistons, pistons, seals and buffers.
The tanks can be divided into low-pressure, medium-pressure, and high-pressure tanks according to the pressure of their use. For machine-bed machines, the rated pressure is 2.5-6.3mpa; for construction vehicles requiring small size, light weight, heavy load and aircraft tanks, the rated pressure is 10-16mpa; and for engineering machines such as excavators, the average is a high-pressure tank.
The pressure is usually greater than 31.5 mpa. Differentiated from the product characteristics applied, it can be divided into walking and non-walking machines.
Bad working conditions, high technical content, complex processes, and difficult manufacturing are still heavily dependent on imports. While machine tools, light machinery, packaging machinery, etc., are non-walking machines, their hydraulic tanks are generally characterized by low pressure, low flow, low frequency, low load, etc.
The company ' s high-pressure tank product, which has a high technical content, complex structural design, long-range journeys, large tank tracks, high pressure, bulk biomass quality control, is of high quality, long-lasting, reliable and stable quality, and is a high-end product in the tank industry. The company ' s product type is divided into two main categories, the first being a special high-pressure tank for excavators, and the second is applied to pillar machinery.
Large-scale infrastructure equipment, such as large bridge construction equipment, tunnel drilling shields, and heavy equipment such as ships, marine engineering equipment, port machinery, etc. Non-standard fuel tanks.
After almost five years of restructuring, the excavator market was sold the same as in June last year, and we believe that the rise in the excavator industry was due mainly to its entry into the renewal cycle, the rapid increase in real estate investment and public investment.
There is a steady increase in investment in infrastructure such as roads, railways, etc. Excavators enter the renewal cycle. Most excavators do not have mandatory end-of-life. Their average end-of-life time is associated with the state of use, with peak years starting at over 2,200 hours, compared to a low valley of about 1,500 hours.
Using hours cumulatively up to 20,000 hours for scrapping, the corresponding expected scrapping is about the average sales for 9-13 years. Using the sales of excavators 10 years ago as the end-of-life of excavators in that year, we estimate the increase in the end-of-life of excavators between 2017 and 2020, showing an average increase of 41.42 per cent for the year, with a significant expansion in the demand for renewals.
Real estate investment has been rising at a steady rate. After the downside of 2015, our real estate investment in fixed assets began to rebound in 2016. Real estate investment in fixed assets grew at a rate of 6.8% throughout 2016, 4.4 percentage points higher than the rate of 2.4% in 2015. We believe that the increase in real estate investment has been driven by engineering machinery.
Since February 2016, investment in infrastructure has increased at a rate of 15%, rising at 21.26% in the first two months of the year. In the future, investment in infrastructure has increased at a steady rate.
With regard to railways, the three-year action plan for the construction of major transport infrastructure, issued in March 2016 by the National Development Commission and the Ministry of Transport, proposed the construction of some 20,000 kilometres of new and expanded railway lines in 2016-2018, involving an investment of approximately $2 trillion per year in railway construction.
We believe that, against the backdrop of growing demand for the redevelopment of excavators and a steady recovery in investment and infrastructure in downstream real estate, the excavator industry is expected to continue to recover, thus laying the foundation for a sustained recovery in demand for oil tanks dedicated to the company.
As the downstream excavator industry rises, the company’s dedicated tank business is expected to rise back. The company’s main product, the exclusive tank, is a high-end product in the tank industry, and uses global and import substitution as a strategic objective of the company.
After a long build-up of technology, the company has successfully seized high-pressure tank products and has become a supplier to most of the country ' s well-known mainframe plants, including Caterpillar, Willow, Trinity, Xu, Tamai, Lisud, Chuen Quik, Shandong, Yamada, Fuda Raevo, etc.
More than 40 per cent; in the first half of 2016, the company sold 697,000 canisters dedicated to excavators. Currently, the company has sufficient orders at its disposal to further improve its current capacity utilization and to achieve a rapid increase in sales revenue. 2.2 Non-scaling tank operations expand strongly.
The company ' s non-standard tank applications for heavy equipment are very extensive and the products cover mainly the following areas: large-scale base-building reserve non-standard tanks, ships, marine engineering equipment and port mechanical tanks, large-scale industrial-equipment tanks, etc.
As a result of the overall slowdown in the domestic excavator industry in recent years, the company’s revenue from the sale and sale of oil tanks for the exclusive use of excavators shows a downward trend. The company further developed the non-flagged tank market, expanded the acceptance, R & D and marketing of non-flagged tank orders, and maintained a relatively large increase in the production and sales of non-flagged tanks.
For the first time in the history of the company, $516 million exceeded the revenues of the special tank used for excavators, an increase of 24.19 per cent. Shields, high-end seaworks, hydraulic tank products for special vehicles became the three main new engines leading the increase in non-standard tank sales.
The major components of the company ' s non-standard tank product for heavy equipment are the large base construction back-up non-standard cylinders, which include, inter alia, the cylinders for the dredging rig, the tank for the construction of large bridges, the tank for the construction of tunnel shields, the tank for the excavation of tunnel shields, the large tracked casks, etc.
Shields, full-name shield tunnels, a dedicated engineering machine for tunnels. Shields have been used extensively for tunnels such as subways, railways, roads, municipalities, and utilities. The propulsion system for shield excavations is largely hydraulic. Depending on the specifications of the device, the propulsion system and the plugging system require different quantities of fuel tanks.
The only way to dig is to move forward, and usually 12 km ahead of the shield will require a replacement of the tank and high replacement or maintenance costs, so that the shield tank is highly reliable. With its technological advantage, the company achieved an equal 55% increase in sales of the shield tank in 2015, with over 70% of the domestic market, tops the global market, and the product is better off.
In general, the shield is used mainly for underground space construction, including subways, tunnels, and tunnels. Across the country, the subways, tunnels, and tunnels are in a fast-growing phase.
As you can see, the construction of new urban orbital transport over 2,000 kilometres involves an investment of about 1.6 trillion dollars, and the transfer of orbits during the “13th Five” period totals approximately 5573 kilometres of open mileage, with an average additional mileage of up to 1115 kilometres per year, with an annual compound growth rate of over 30%. The rapid growth required by the shield will effectively boost the sale of oil tanks used by the corporate shield.
The company ' s revenue from the sale of marine tanks increased by 103 per cent in 2015. Ships, marine engineering equipment, and port machinery hydraulication rates were high, and hydraulic tanks were widely used in ships for steering, anchoring, hatching, cable-shaping and marine engineering equipment rig platforms, production.
In this area, the tanks are generally in a sea-saliney working environment, with high requirements for preservatives, usually requiring that materials and technologies be cleared by the relevant classification societies, and it is very difficult for ordinary tank companies to break through the technological walls. Since the twentieth century, the international ship and marine engineering markets have continued to flourish, and the Chinese ship industry has seized this opportunity.
According to the Ministry of Information and Technology, the country’s shipbuilding effort in 2015 was 41,84 million tons, an increase of 7.14% compared to the previous year, with a slow recovery. As the domestic ship industry and marine construction return, domestic demand for ships, marine engineering, and mechanical tanks in ports is expected to recover.
The company ' s downstream applications of non-scaled tank products have continued to expand, further enriching the product lines, focusing on new productivity applications such as shield-drawn equipment for the construction of sponge cities, high-end marine equipment for European markets, air-only vehicles such as high-altitude operating vehicles for North American markets and marine wind power and photovoltaic equipment that represent the future direction of new energy developments.
The tunnel shield is used primarily for propulsion systems, plugging systems.
It's used to dig tunnels only to move forward, not to back off, so it's expensive to reset or repair, so it's shield oil.
The cylinders are highly reliable, and the hydraulic tanks of the metallurgical equipment have a variety of different types and different models.
i. characteristics such as structural diversity;
High, suitable for a variety of high-temperature, high-pressure and environmental conditions.
Leaf angles and speed control of wind generators. Output power, leaf speed or frequency of wind power generation.
Sound control has a critical role in research and development, with the company ' s 2015 non-standard tank design of 4893 packages. A 1,000-t self-upgrading wind power installation has been successfully developed, tankers, high-altitude vehicles, car hangers, pistons, wind-to-robber tanks, servo-loading tanks, emulator oils.
In addition, they are involved in the development of oil tank products in the new industry, such as wave modifiers, gas compressor tanks, filter oil tanks, copper furnaces, water desalination tanks, etc. 3 hydraulic system packages are available and hydraulic pump valves are being released.
Hydraulic systems refer primarily to hydraulic transmission systems, which are designed to increase force by changing pressure. A complete hydraulic system consists of five components, namely, power components, executing components, control components, auxiliary components, and hydraulic fluids. The power element functions as a pressure to convert the original-motivated mechanical energy into liquid energy, which refers to the oil pump in the hydraulic system, which is directed to the whole.
Hydraulic systems provide power. Hydraulic pumps are typically structured in the form of gear pumps, leaf pumps, cylindrical pumps, and screw pumps. Executing components include high-pressure tanks and hydraulic motors, which convert the pressure from liquids to mechanical energy, driving loads to straight-line or reverse motion.
The pressure, flow and direction of liquids are controlled and regulated by the control element, i.e., various hydraulic valves, in hydraulic systems. Depending on the power of control, hydraulic valves can be divided into pressure control valves, flow control valves and direction control valves. Pressure control valves include spill valves (security valves), decompress valves, sequence valves, pressure relays, etc.; flow control valves include flow valves, adjustment valves, swath stream valves, etc.; direction control
The valves include one-way valves, liquid-controlled one-way valves, shuttle valves, switch valves, etc. Depending on the control method, the hydraulic valves can be divided into switch-based control valves, value-based control valves and scale control valves. \triangleright
Auxiliary elements include fuel tanks, filters, chillers, heaters, accelerators, pipelines and tubes, seals, fast-forward connections, high-pressure ball valves, caps, pressure gauges, pressure gauges, oil gauges, thermometers, etc.
Hydraulic fluids are working mediums that transmit energy in hydraulic systems and have several broad categories of mineral oils, emulsifiers and synthetic hydraulic fluids.
Although the company already has high-end tank manufacturing technology and has a larger market share, the core components of other hydraulic systems are in the hands of foreign firms, such as high-pressure piping pumps, multi-road valves, etc. This has led to large profits from domestic engineering and machinery products being consumed by port components and significant demand for import substitution for domestic high-end pump valves.
The company, like other top hydraulic system providers, such as Bo Shiles, Peckhany and Eton, is on a path of expansion from a single product to a full hydraulic system, from product supply to ancillary services. From the moment it was listed, the company sought to diversify its products and thereby increase its resilience to risk, building on its traditional hydraulic tank.
By the end of 2011, the company invested $596 million in over-financing to build a high-precision hydraulic casting project, which was officially commissioned in 2013 with the capacity to produce 25,000 tons of hydraulic castings per year.
Power, major production engineering machinery with high pressure tank end caps, guidance sets, high pressure multi-road valve valves, pumps, high-precision fluids such as motor shells, pressure casts; in 2012, the company acquired Shanghai New Hydraulics Ltd., with technology and brand reputation for producing hydraulic valves for many years and mature client groups, and the main business was expanded to hydraulic elements, hydraulic aggregates, hydraulic machinery equipment, and small hydraulic ships.
Construction: In 2013, the company funded $570 million to establish the Permanent State New Hydraulics Company Ltd. and phased $1.5 billion towards the construction of a public-sector hydraulic valve and hydraulic pump production base with the objective of generating the capacity of 20,000 excavators per year for high-pressure cylindrical pumps, 20,000 excavators for multiple hydraulic valves, 1.99 million general-purpose high-energy hydraulic pressure control valves and 10,000 electric fluids on-serving valves, which is expected during the construction phase of the project
In 2015, the company signed a global strategic cooperation agreement with Haweinline, a leading German hydraulic industry firm, to invest in specialized production axle-to-barrel pumps, and, through the replenishment, to acquire the full capital as an opportunity for both parties to expand their global supply chain, industrial manufacturing technology applications and product technology.
Through years of farming, the company now covers oil tanks, walking hydraulic valves, cylindrical pumps, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, high-performance hydraulic test stations, etc., and the prototype of the hydraulic system package.
Chart 17, Strategic layout of hydraulic pump valves 3.2 Establishment of subsidiaries into aerospace.
Pressure Technology Ltd., which operates mainly in the field of high-end hydraulic components and systems of specialized equipment in the aviation, space, ship, etc., it is planned that the main products of the constant hydraulics will be able to replace imports and fill domestic gaps. In August 2016, Heung Hydraulic fluids were approved as a third-level military industrial secret qualification unit, and the company successfully entered the military-industrial-related hydraulics industry.
3.3 Pump valves have been supplied in bulk and sold in bulk, i.e., company pump valves have been supplied in bulk, mainly 6t, 8t excavators with controlled hydraulic valves and high-pressure column plug pumps, and have been initially tested for water import substitution. In October 2016, the company successfully obtained the "R & D" mark based on its technical and brand advantage in the hydraulic field.
The winning bid for the hydraulic cooling workstation in the Capacity Upgradation and National Center for the Integration of the Orbited Bus System Project, with a total value of about RMB 36.7 million. The winning bid further highlights the company's core competitiveness in the field of hydraulic systems and further builds its position in the hydraulic sector.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: