Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Billion Network (300628.sz) Increase (first rating) uc Industry Lead, Light Assets Control for Quality Growth
The company is the leading provider of international corporate communications and collaborative solutions, with a steady increase in three major lines of business, and a positive start in video and cloud office terminals. The company’s cash and cow product, sip, is the first-highest in the market; in the transition period of 2015, the vcs product became the second-growth curve.
Small-asset operating models, strong distribution networks and cost controls raise profitability. Companies use foreign-collateral production, sales and R & D to collaborate closely, and are sensitive to market changes.
Differentiated competitive advantages, the engineer dividend kept companies at about 7% of R & D costs, down from about 8 pp for their overseas counterparts. Market access, brand awareness, and stable channels for countries constitute barriers to sales for companies. By the end of 2019, companies owned 153 distributors worldwide, by strictly controlling channels.
Road management, marketing, and management costs are about 8% lower than their counterparts’ rate of about 25pp, and strategic collaboration with Microsoft, Tetsu, Zoom, etc. With rich ecosystems, 40% net interest rates + and high profitability, the epidemic has deepened industry awareness, and soft and hard integration is a unified communications approach, from which companies will benefit in recent years.
Cloud computing is growing rapidly, the epidemic is accelerating the recognition of products such as cloud communications, and the number of users of products such as teams and Zoom is increasing. We think that soft and hard integration is the way the industry is going.
10%, frast&sullivan), which is expected to sustain a steady income growth of more than 15% over the next three years; vcs, cloud office end products, which are more growing, will benefit from an upturn in industry, with revenues growing by more than 50% over the next three years. The scenario is estimated to be about $1.4-3.7 billion in 2025.
We're looking at the company's sip phone lead and the outlook for the cloud products. The company is projected to be valued in 2021-2023 using the market rate method, with reference to comparable companies, 50 times the pe in 2021.
Repeated overseas epidemics: exchange rate fluctuations: slowdown in market demand at the tip: future stockholdings: far lower cost response, sustainable operations of distributors and the contribution of distributors to corporate performance are still at risk. Assuming that companies recovered more than 20 per cent of their traditional operations, such as desktop communication terminals, in 2021, conference products
The total cost rate has fallen slightly as the structure of the product changes. Companies will continue to invest heavily in R & D over the next three years, assuming that R & D costs remain above 10%.
The market-consensual view is that companies, as good unified communications hardware dealers, have a high share of overseas receipts, and that low domestic manufacturing costs, human costs, allow companies to take the lead in the SME market by virtue of value for money.
Our view is that companies, as suppliers of unified communications hardware, have the same technical advantages in software and algorithms such as voice and video decoding, noise removal, image recognition, etc.
The light asset operating model not only leaves the production chain to foreign suppliers, but also results in a combination of different teams, with strong controls on suppliers and channelers as companies achieve high net profits, the overall climate of the cloud computing industry, falling prices of raw materials, and significant corporate research and development of new products.
Breakthroughs, company announcements of strategic cooperation with other international leading firms, favourable changes in tax policies, valuations, reference to comparable companies such as Koda, Suzhou, communications, visual shareholdings, etc., repeated overseas epidemics: most of the company's products are sold overseas, and overseas epidemics repeat or lead to hardware and equipment departments
The Office has experienced difficulties and business expansion has been hampered. Exchange rate fluctuations: the ratio of overseas revenue to corporate income is significant, and while companies have hedged, demand in the market has slowed: desktop terminal operations are relatively mature and account for significant corporate revenues, if the company is
Net interest rates and supplier income contributions are sustainable: firm cost rates are far lower than competitors, net interest rates are on a downward trend, and high net interest rates are not sustainable.
We believe that the sustainable operation of distributors and their contribution to corporate performance remain at risk.
The World Wide Web is the leading international provider of corporate communication and collaborative solutions, offering a unified communication solution for global business users. Harmonizing communications enables business users to use any unified communication technology equipment and software, such as any communication software, at any time or place, to achieve connectivity.
Over a decade of growth, the company has now formed three main lines of operations, namely, the cip phone, cloud video, and cloud office terminals. Chart 1: The location of the company's products.
The company is clearly located in the voip (voiceoverinternetprotocol), based on ip's voice transfer, which established the leading position of the webphone industry in 2005 and repositioned it to work towards the end market of the sip (session agreement, session initial protocol).
Lead and gradually roll out medium-end high-end products such as voice machines, t4 series (diigitalenhancedcordles, digitally enhanced unwireless communications) to the middle-high-end of the Sip terminal market.
In 2017, the company launched the cloud-plus concept, initiating the development of a cloud platform, moving from a single end provider to a complete unified communications solution provider.
The catalytic role of communications, the company’s new cloud office end-product line, and the refinement of the product matrix.1.2 Unified communication (uc) replaces traditional communications, accurate market positioning lays the foundation for long-term corporate development.
Ministry calls are free of charge and provide business applications such as short calls, call transfers, voice mail, single-circuit radio, and group radio. As globalization deepens and the size of the enterprise expands, local pbx cannot be satisfied.
All types of information, e-mail, mobile SMS, multimedia and data, are integrated. The overall cost of enterprise ownership is lower than the establishment of multiple subsystems and increases the efficiency of enterprise staff and improvement of business processes, and is therefore a necessary trend in technology and application development.
ip technology overlaps and uniform communications cloud models have reduced the costs of deploying SMEs, and the billions of connections have been rapidly developing with accurate market positioning. The current uniform communications model has two forms of existence: the “pipe-end” model, which requires firms to acquire a unified communication system on their own, with high costs of purchasing and maintaining it, mainly in large numbers.
Enterprise markets; another is the “cloud-end” model, where unified communications operators build unified communications systems at cloud ends, businesses buy unified communications services at monthly rates, significantly reducing deployment costs. Since its inception, companies have focused on developing products targeted at users of small and medium-sized enterprises, based on cost-effectiveness and cost-effectiveness.
The advantages of ease of deployment, low access thresholds, etc. are rapidly developing and permeating to large enterprises, increasing the visibility and optimal product structure of medium- and high-end products. The second uniform communication model, based on cloud-plus and intelligent networks, was introduced in 2017, providing flexible deployment models that cater to a variety of user groups.
2. The product matrix continues to improve, with a steady increase in the three main lines of business.
Sip and dect merge into desktop communications and add cloud office terminal operations, the main product being business headphones. Since then, company product lines have been better configured.
The current market share of cloud conference products is low, but the annual rate of compound growth is 62%, which is expected to continue contributing to high performance growth. Cloud office operations, owing to their relatively short development time, are currently less well-occupated and growing, but industry prospects are considerable, and future developments are yet to be validated.
In terms of income, desktop communications terminal operations (i.e. cip and dect phones) contribute the most, followed by vcs. The short-term performance is affected by the epidemic, as desktop communications operations apply to fixed office settings, with a decline of 1.1 per cent over the 20-year period, with a 60 per cent decline in the dect voiceover operations.
Vcs, on the other hand, benefited from the telecollaborative demand of the epidemic, with a 60.4 per cent increase in performance and a 528 million yuan in sales earnings. Cloud terminal operations benefited from the dividends of the epidemic, with a significant 247 per cent increase in performance, to $122 million. All three maintained a high Māori rate of over 50 per cent (*).
2.1sip lays the foundation for business, the industry is strong, the power of the ip is clear compared to the traditional phone, the advantage of the ip phone, and the trend towards ipization is high. ip's corporate communication is a cross-cutting application of traditional enterprise communications technology and computer network technology, with a core of voip.
Sim protocols are more open than proprietary ones, and the sip calls are used as a pip set, with a rising penetration rate.
The proprietary agreements, which have the following characteristics: 1) are more open for meetings with any type of access network and allow operators to use other protocols; 2) are compatible and compatible with most of the industries: 3) are less costly and significantly reduce the cost of designing and deploying ip-based hosting services for users,
There are a number of connections to the network. Cisco uses private scccp protocols, and the vava early telephones only support the h.323 agreements, but since the sip agreements have been elevated, large factories such as Cisco, Vava and others have announced their support for the sip agreements, but some closed functions have been retained.
The sip/ip ratio has also been rising in recent years, and sip will be a trend for the future. The sip-phone market is stable, and companies are at the top. According to frost&sullivan data, the company ' s global market in 2019 stood at 29.5%, ranking first.
Networks, polycom, cisco, etc., while pollycom and cisco locate high-end markets, target customers who are predominantly large customers, with high product performance and pricing, and have very high brand influence. Companies target clients who are predominantly small and medium-sized customers, gradually penetrate into high-end markets, and produce products that match their performance.
Compared to their competitors, but at lower prices, they have successfully entered the European and American markets on the basis of a higher value for money than they did, and have a leading role in a relatively more price-sensitive SME market, with a higher brand profile.
From market opportunities and corporate strategies, desktop communications end products have stabilized and become the backbone of operations. Corporate desktop communications terminal operations earned $2.1 billion in 2020, an increase of 20 per cent over the same period, compound growth of 23 per cent over five years, and Māori rates have remained constant at over 60 per cent.
In the next five years, the company will continue to grow at a rate that exceeds the industry average. As a relatively mature cash cow business, the company will be replaced mainly through product upgrades.
The t2, t3 series is located in the SME market, and t2 is currently being replaced by the t3 series. The t3 series is the main screen market for the t2 series, which can provide a gigabytes of technology to fill the gap between the high level of awareness of the screens in the European and American markets and the lack of a gigabytes of technology.
Personalized pages are customized to meet the needs of European and American enterprises. t4 series is located in high-end markets, targeting large enterprises and groups. t4 series has added bluetooth and w-fi adaptation technology, which can be connected to communication terminals such as t46, t48 using bluetooth headphones, and has reached industry top-level tia 920.
Precise, coupled with robust security: secure terminals and servers and other terminals through prefabricated ssl certificates: security of communications: transmission of messages secures customers by using techniques such as sips and tls-based encryption transmissions: voice processing supports srtp voice encryption technology to protect against wiretapping. vp series
Positioning high-end clients with multimedia communication needs, adding video technology, being able to launch a three-way videoconference directly at the end, with an open xml interface to meet individual applications. The share of company t4, t5 series products is rising year by year, reflecting the company’s continuous penetration into high-end markets and high-end products
The rise in the ratio can also boost the company’s share of the market price and the increase in Maori. The company, as the head of the sex industry, has entered into strategic partnerships with global top operators, and has been active in organizing a number of summits to further enhance corporate branding and market recognition. 2019 and 2020.
The company was involved in the development of the highest industry safety standards and the standards of the CVS system, respectively, and continued to see 2.2 cloud video industry, with the company ' s vcs product leading to future performance growth. Video conferences infiltrated large enterprise groups to small and medium-sized enterprises and markets continued to grow.
The global videoconference market reached $9.1 billion in 2019, with a compound growth rate of 11.24 per cent projected for the next five years. Compared to global markets, the Chinese market is still in its early stages.
China’s videoconferencing market will continue to grow as the number of companies in China continues to increase, and as the technology associated with cloud computing becomes more widely available. Cloud communications is deployed in ways that reduce deployment costs and are expected to erupt in the SME market.
Enterprises are required to purchase their own servers, terminals, etc., and the initial cost of the system is high. Under the hosting model, businesses do not need to purchase servers and self-built systems, only the terminals, conclude service contracts with a unified communications service provider, and pay monthly for the services, obtain virtual “private cloud” on a cloud-side server.
High self-management. Low-prevalence inputs, expansionary features, etc., are more acceptable to SMEs and are expected to trigger an outbreak of SME demand. Figure 20: Cloud videoconferencing has a cost advantage
After the outbreak, office equipment increased by almost 50% from January to April, with a maximum monthly rate of more than 150%; the client activity and the stickyness of meetings online, such as zoom, tungsten, etc., were significantly higher.
Mobile Internet access peaked in March of 20 years, and the overall growth trend has been maintained since then, with irreversible trends such as remote collaboration and home-based work. Cloud computing technology has developed rapidly in recent years, cloud infrastructure has landed on a large scale, and cloud video costs, flexibility, and market demand has increased earlier.
The cloud video industry has a rich field of applications, and future industry solutions are promising. Cloud video applications have a wide range of scenarios, including e-commerce, online education, government, finance, etc. Governments and large businesses are now the main customers, but as technology becomes more widely available, SMEs will become the future.
Market potential. Companies build products into comprehensive solutions, providing services and custom development to clients in different industries. For example, the multi-teaching solution, which applies to a lecturer on-line, a lecturer on-line managed scene, achieves a total of 1080 p and a full pair of high-quality hardware.
Job security, smart noise, 30% anti-lost packages, network self-adaptation; enhanced interactive teaching experience through real-time audio-visual interaction, multi-board content interaction, electronic whiteboard professional discipline tools, teaching resources and board-sharing: distributed architecture, full Internet access rooms are reduced time lags. The corporate solution already covers politics.
The cloud video industry is currently in its early stages of development, and traditional communications firms, represented by companies, are still competitive and irreplaceable in terms of safety and the ability of businesses to provide services.
There are three categories: traditional telecommunications, cloud communications, and platform-based. Traditional communications companies have advantages in hard terminals, industry landings, privatization deployments, etc.
Because of the high cost of infrastructure replacement, such companies often have 2b long-term mechanisms for cooperation. Cloud communications companies have the core advantage of working with other players in the industry, such as: connecting to the platform with the hardware terminal, and connecting to the platform-type plant.
Appearances can be made on api docking basis. Platform manufacturers have a wealth of cloud resources, natural 2c social attributes, e.g., Weiselink, tether meetings, etc., with a huge flow of sales to end-b on a 2c basis, docking saas manufacturers, and extending their client base.
Figure 23: Competition patterns in the cloud video industry The current market has the most insight into the zoom-represented cloud communications industry, and soft and hard is not the direction of the uc industry. Because cloud video software like zoom does not have to download applications during the epidemic.
The links are quickly added to the meetings, with "viral" transmissions of properties such as light-quantities and flexibility, a proliferation of users, a high level of market education and a significant increase in net profits for seven consecutive quarters. However, companies are constantly refining the product matrix, extending to the hardware sector, and working more closely with hardware manufacturers.
Even the introduction of “haas” (hardware-as-a-service) to improve user experience. According to the zoomq1 quarterly paper, companies are optimistic about future market prospects, and in the future, they will develop products such as zoom phone and expand international markets. We believe that soft and hard integration will be the future uc industry.
In contrast to other industry players, such as cloud communications and platform manufacturers, the company’s software and hardware products are well-lined, performing, and the conference room landscape cannot be replaced, and there is a clear competitive advantage. Companies have been active since 18 years.
The layout "Cloud+end" has been extended from hardware terminals to servers and cloud viewing platforms, which are responsible for data transmission and management, hardware for data collection, and expanded coverage to make solutions more flexible.
The end product has a wider range of applications and acceptances than virtual communications. Corporate products have a greater advantage in the quality of audio and visual frequencies and in the security and confidentiality of information.
High-resolution video engines in support of 1080p were issued; embedded technologies were used with significant advantages in system stability, safety, and energy efficiency ratios.
The company is more profitable because of, inter alia, the diversity of households. Tomorrow's business income in 2018 is 87.84% from cameras, mainly in the education sector, and the industry's Māori rate is low, at only 11.08%.
Operating income comes from videoconferencing terminals, along with the Oem/odm business, which also has a low Māori ratio in the chain of industry, while the billion-associated network earns only about 10 per cent of the revenue, the majority of which comes from autonomous brands; Hwaping shares are mainly government-oriented, emergency, public.
In key sectors such as Ann, finance, education, and health, the breakdown of the track differs considerably from and is not fully comparable with the functionality of the company’s products. From the benefits of industry trends and product power, the company’s vcs business has grown rapidly, making it a second-growth curve.
In 2020, the revenue was $530 million, a 60% increase from the previous year, with a five-year compound growth rate of 63% and a high rate of growth. The vcs business Māori ratio was over 70%.
The company launched a small amount of cloud office terminal products in 2019 and set up a separate cloud office mobile office ear wheat products in 2020 to meet the rapidly growing market demand for cloud office terminals under the new crown, and to ensure that inputs into the product line are fully accelerated from the R & D, manufacturing, supply chain, marketing, etc.
Unlike consumer headphones, business headphones have dual attributes for business users as well as individual users. Consumer headphones focus more on personal use of the entertainment function, while commercial headphones are mainly used in business office settings.
High-quality communications, with a greater focus on “two-size-fits-all” design, require a higher quality of sound collection and noise abatement, as well as better compatibility, and commercial headphones often need to be compatible with multiple communication platforms to safeguard the office needs of commercial staff.
Business headphones have a rich set of scenes and require a rich product matrix to meet the needs of the segmented market. By scenario, business headphone applications can be broadly divided into call centres, offices, and mobile scenes.
The headphone provider has a rich product matrix. For example, the business headphone leader Polly has a variety of products under the flag, such as voyager (Bluetooth/Ears), blackwire (lined head, office), encorepro (call centre headphones), etc.
Business headphones are available in a large number of industries and jobs, such as company executives, customer service centres, and market sizes are growing faster than the market and profitability is high. According to frost&sullivan, the market size of business headphones in 2019 was 24.8 million in volume.
More than 13,67 million incoming Sip phones in the same year, and business headphones are expected to grow at about 11 per cent, exceeding the Sip phone growth rate (less than 10 per cent). Consumption of headphone products is now widespread, but as the business communications environment becomes more open and flexible, demand for telecommuting of office is growing, dissipating.
With the difficulty of meeting business people’s office needs, consumers’ demand for high-quality office headphones is strong, with more than 45 million commercial headphones expected to be delivered in 2025, with a market size of nearly $3 billion. For example, the business headlines, for example, have a high Maori rate.
The company currently has only five headphones, while Jeporon has six major series of over 40 products for selection. The company’s product performance is basically satisfactory.
While indicators such as noise abatement, microphones and loudspeaker width can be compared to Jeporon's shoulder, there are still deficiencies in high-end lines, such as Jeporon's type of microphones better than corporate products, and middle-end series of products with loudspeakers and music. They can be better adapted to both personal office and entertainment modes.
Two scenes. The company’s latest uh36 product, which is oriented towards high-end markets, reflects the company’s ongoing refinement and supplementation of the business earl product matrix. In terms of prices, the company’s product is low and its overall value is higher, and it has not yet appeared as Jeporonvolve265.
High-priced products will be the future direction for companies. 3. The light asset business model allows companies to continue to earn a high level of profitability.
There are a large number of internal and external players, but there is only a small part of the unified communications business, and no separate data disclosure, such as the cisco, ibm, siemens, China, Nakaeng, etc., compared to international competitors, such as Polycom, avaya, who are close to the corporate business structure, the overall Māori rate is about 60%.
The company ' s Māori ratio is the normal level of the industry, and the main reason for the high Māori is the higher share of high-end machine sales under the light asset business model, while the scale effect reduces the cost of raw materials and purchase unit prices. Separate disclosure; avaya is similar to the company ' s business structure, but involves non-conventional accounting treatment of fair value adjustment for bankruptcy, amortization of intangible assets, etc.
Thus, the elimination of the "unallogatedamounts" subject in the financial statements compares with the company) Although the overall Māori ratio in the industry is small, the net interest rate in the company is much higher than that of other producers. Corporate R&D costs are maintained at 8-10%, which is the same as the industry as a whole.
Figure 35: Net interest rates of companies are significantly higher than those of their peers with reference value and are not shown in the chart) The light asset business model is a guarantee that companies will achieve high net interest rates. Companies outsource all their products to independence.
Third-party foreign association manufacturers produce and sell end-products mainly through authorized distributors. In product production processes, companies are responsible for product design, software development, raw material procurement and product testing, and provide production process and production process documentation, while third parties are responsible only for production and processing, which is reduced
The company ' s human costs and production pressures also allow for strict control of the core business chain. There is close collaboration among the various sectors, which efficiently operates to reduce costs and rates.
Lower user costs and cost controls in the country are also important reasons for the gap between companies and international competitors. According to the calculations, the average cost per company was less than RMB 1 million in 2014-2020, with workers receiving more than 60% of the total cost.
The per capita cost input exceeds RMB 3.5 million.
Companies use the FSA production model for material processing only to cover the cost of raw materials procurement and processing. While other companies in the industry, such as Cisco and avaya, have also adopted an outsourcing policy to provide related services such as assembly, testing, etc., through independent third-party companies, billions of networks.
The company has a framework contract every 1-2 years. The product order is usually set aside for 20 days.
Pilot production is designed to detect process problems, then bulk production, with on-site monitoring of the production and quality control of foreign affiliates and a requirement that foreign producers maintain a batch compliance rate of more than 98%.
Companies use centralized purchasing systems to strengthen control over upstream raw materials. Unlike other enterprises, companies do not hand over the raw materials procurement chain to subcontractors. Instead, they use centralized purchasing systems that combine raw materials with secure stocks of raw materials.
More than 80%, mostly from domestic sources. Of these, chip suppliers have a small selection range and may be affected by potential risks from chip supply shortages and price fluctuations.
Price locking: More than two suppliers are selected as much as possible to compete: small orders and so forth. 3.2 Sales channels are well regulated, balancing open sources and currents. The ipatization of voice communications is a major trend, but the development process varies from country to country, and the Chinese process is relatively backward.
North America, as the source of unified communications, has the highest level of development, with the current penetration rate of ip communications in the North American market at about 25-30% in 2018, in the first echelon, in countries such as the Netherlands, Australia, etc., and, to date, China is only in the fourth echelon. Since China’s laws and regulations limit the ability of operators only to do voip
Businesses, and the relatively low priority given to the business by the operator in the prior period, have limited this to some extent, so that corporate revenues are largely overseas, and strong distribution networks and managerial capabilities support business growth. The Division uses the global network of authorized distributors to sell its products in 106 countries and regions on six continents.
Nearly 80% of the income from North America and Europe. Although overseas marketing activity by companies has been heavily affected by the epidemic for 20 years, about 10% of overseas business growth has been achieved thanks to firm long-standing channels and active outreach through telecooperatives.
Countries’ market access qualifications, brand awareness, and stable channels of entry constitute barriers to companies’ sales. The complex, difficult and time-consuming access certification process, unlike national access qualifications and regulatory requirements, greatly increases the financial and time-cost input of new entrants.
In order to establish stable and reliable marketing channels, companies have many distributors in most regions, with individual regions using exclusive authorisations. Corporate distributors are generally stable, and companies are generally stable.
By the end of 2019, companies owned more than 80 per cent of the total, with more than 80 dealers working with companies for more than 10 years, and 8 of the top 10 for more than eight years. By the end of 2019, companies owned more than one other company in direct sales and distribution, with distribution dominated by the company and strict management of control channels.
Companies sell more than 90% of their sales to authorized distributors. They buy products directly and distribute them through downstream channels.
In the process of market opening, the company’s sales team participates in trade fairs and road shows with authorized distributors, while the company’s sales staff keep frequent visits to distributors, operators, platforms, etc.
By authorizing sales reports, inventory reports analysis and real-time monitoring, timely scheduling of sales strategies and corresponding procurement and production activities, the company recommends that the next purchase be adjusted accordingly if the authorized dealer’s inventory is deemed to be above reasonable levels.
In addition, companies have rich ecological systems. Overseas sales of unified communication platforms need to go beyond passing through.
Certification systems in target market countries also need to accommodate interface requirements for different regional communication systems, and connect to mainstream communication platforms. Companies have established deep collaboration at the technology end with more than 80 international mainstream communication platforms, and have worked together to promote seamless linkages to joint programmes, while working with global top operators.
Microsoft eco-systems are difficult to access, and companies are the only full-access partners. Companies work with Microsoft on a strategic basis, Microsoft is responsible for the development of the platform, and the company is responsible for the development of the terminal, both of which are connected.
Since the company announced its collaboration with Microsoft, the company ' s sip phone operation has passed the skypeforbusiness certification and expanded from the sip business to videoconferencing operations, working with Microsoft to release smart video video equipment for the teams version.
Microsoft events such as the Congress, Futuredecoded, dta (regional marketing conference), and ignite, together with the release of a number of new items, show that the company is integrated into the Microsoft Ecoosphere.
In 2019, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Xeng Xinyun, which resulted in a small conference room audio-visual device program comprising uvc30 from the smart end of usb camera.
Prominently, the Andre One videoconferencing terminal metingbara20 has been certified by Microsoft and Zoom as the only one in the country to have been certified by three companies. 3.3 Research and development is better than software, and the engineer dividend reduces the cost of research and development.
The light asset operating model allows companies to concentrate their resources on R & D and sales, team-to-team, and be more responsive to market demand and change. There are currently three centres for R & D, marketing, products, marketing at the front end of the market demand collection, product centres with teams dedicated to analysing user needs, and feedback to R & D and re-engineering.
So the company’s products fit the market demand, for example: the t4 series shows directly the programmed key pairs on the phone crystal screen. There is no longer a need for paper tag labels, which are well suited to the use of overseas markets. At the same time, the company’s product is efficient in terms of R & D.
In the t4 series, for example, the share of income rose from 12% in 13 years to 62% in 19 years. Companies have well-developed R & D mechanisms, and software capabilities are a winning tool.
The development philosophy and flow process of the ipd (incorporated product development) uses the development of new products as an investment decision, setting development nodes and changing needs to increase the speed of listing. The R & D model is divided into autonomous R & D and authorized collaborative development, with self-research being the core, public.
At present, the Division has 695 research and development staff, all of whom are self-researching the core of their products.The most central technology for unified communications is audio and video technology, and companies have successfully developed their own audio and video engines, reducing spending on delegated fees and creating differentiated competitive advantages.
Audio-recording techniques such as sound elimination algorithms, noise elimination algorithms, audio hardware design to optimize audio processing; video decoding techniques, network adaptive techniques, high-resolution video double-flow technology, high-vision visions as video clarity increases and data numbers multiply
Figure 46: Self-research of the core parts of the company ' s products, major hardware and software components
Hardware: unified telecommunications terminal master control (soc), memory, flash, Ether network complete design, external processing plant entrance, LCD screen, input keyboard, audio input production
Sip desktop output: Unextended, handle, ear, camera Hardware driver and audio coded software: Hardware driver, audio and video algorithm, right-to-use. Protocol, application, compilation
Audio processing outside code is self-researching. Basic hardware: anrm+dsp's soc. RAM, whole set-up self-design, extraneous processing plant.
Dect Wireless Flash, Ether Network Interface, Wireless Software: Hardware Driver, Audio-Visual Algorithm, which should be used with hardware-driven and audio coded. Protocol, application, compilation
Audio processing outside code is self-researching Hardware: arm+dsp unified communication terminal master control chip (soc), memory, flash, Ether network connection
Full-scale design, external processing plant port, video input output end, audio input output vcs high-vision device (extra-scanning sound and play equipment, wireless pick-up frequency meeting system)
All software except operating system linux: hardware drivers, audio-visual algorithms, should be developed autonomously, including hardware-driven, audio-video decoding, application,
Domestic manpower costs are low, engineers’ dividends make companies more efficient in R & D, and R & D costs are lower than those of overseas counterparts. Average R & D costs for companies in 2014-2017 were 7.65%, downstream in industry, roughly the same as in avaya, but lower than those for plants like Polycom, Cisco, ibm. R & D costs in 2020.
The ratio of people, R & D personnel, rose from 48.02% to 49.89%, reflecting increased corporate R & D investment. In 2020, for example, more than 60% of the R & D cost structure was split into R & D workers, with a per capita salary of $281,000, equity incentives of $47,000, for a total of $328,000, or approximately $3.28 million, in the United States of America.
The company benefits from a domestic engineer bonus, and daily travel costs are more closely regulated, lower costs and significantly higher overall net profit levels.
In 2020, the epidemic affected the company’s operations, involving hardware deployment, and limited travel of domestic staff abroad to start a business, with the year’s growth slowing down. Assuming that the epidemic slowed down in 2021, desktop terminal operations recovered by 20%; and that the cloud office’s product lines began to be independently disclosed in 2020 and grew in line with conference products.
With a small increase in the overall Māori rate of the single product, and with no reduction in the cost rates, the following is forecast for the next three years: zoom and Microsoft Teams are mainly offering software products, and they are selling partners that are compatible with their own software products.
The network is expected to benefit from the growth of both paying users. After the change in the type of products and the growth of users in the network of analysts, considering that the network offers 50 per cent of the benefits to the conduits, we believe that in 2025, the penetration rate of different equipments in the cities of the network will be lower than the rate of penetration of the network.
Space can reach approximately $1.4 billion to $3.7 billion. The following analysis is provided: The number of corporate clients who disclosed more than 10 workers in the Zoom financial statement. After the 2020 eruption, the current quarterly round-up rate for business clients has remained almost stable at 5%.
At present, Zoom collaborates with the network ' s hardware equipment in the conference room. A total of 16 products are shown on the network under the columns " Zoomrooms application " and " Zoomroomssystems " , with 3 products provided by the network.
The shares of the Zoomrooms equipment are one third, and the accessable space of the billion-dollar network, depending on the penetration rate of the equipment, has not been disclosed separately by the company's clients.
The downside, assuming a semi-annual ring growth rate of 10%, by the end of 2025, is the number of daily live clients of the teams, assuming that one physical meeting room is shared for every 50 people among the active users of the teams, the demand for the conference rooms is up to 0.068 million.
Do not recommend nine different brands of hardware facility products, of which two, four, and two are recommended. Since other competing prices are equal to or about $1,000 higher than the network, assuming an average unit price of $3,000 for the federated conference products, they account for one third of the teamsrooms equipment.
With the penetration rate of the equipment, the access space for the network is the following: "Teams officers have one network of voice products and one network of connectors, and the specifically displayed 18 models of co-operatives account for eight.
The network accounts for 1/2 of the teams user equipment. Considering that the number of daily live users of the teams is less certain than the level of the room equipment, the overall sip equipment penetration rate has been reduced to 12-20%, and the access space of the network has been reduced to 12-20%, depending on the equipment penetration rate:
The company is valued by reference to comparable companies such as the Press, the State of Sioux, Koda, communication and visual shares, and the recurrent overseas epidemic: most of the company’s products are sold abroad, the overseas epidemic repeats or causes difficulties for the hardware and equipment department, and the expansion of its operations is hampered.
Sino-American trade frictions: companies are export-oriented enterprises, and Sino-American trade frictions cannot be agreed on such issues as tariffs, or reduce the growth and profitability of the company’s revenues. Exchange rate fluctuations: the share of overseas revenues in corporate income is significant, although companies can still hedge.
Sip market demand slows: desktop terminal operations are relatively mature and account for significant corporate income, and a company’s new product will increase overall revenue less than expected if its product is new than expected, or overall market demand slows down. Net interest rates and supplier revenue contributions are sustainable: firm costs are far lower than competitors, net interest rates
After an in-depth study of exchange queries and the responses of listed companies, we believe that the sustainable operation of distributors and their contribution to the company’s performance remain at risk. The net profit margin is as high as 114.5%, with no reference value, and is not shown in the chart)
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment