The product structure is optimized, profits are significantly higher, the Māori rate is significantly higher, and research and development inputs are more supportive of the product.
With strategic support, high-end products drive a continuous increase in the average price and profitability of bicycles. In terms of cost rates, the total cost is 11.8 per cent, corresponding to the ratio of 0.42 pct/ring ratio - 2.40 pct; the sales/management/R & D rates are mainly due to improvements in corporate governance, and the increase in R & D costs is mainly attributable to investment in smart networks and new energy research and development.
On the profit side, as a result of significant improvements in corporate revenue, Maori, and cost rates, 2022q3 was gradually restored to the company ' s esp chip supply, and productive release is expected to lead to further improvements in performance and profitability. The sales structure continued to improve, with 2022q3 single-car profits increasing by 69%.
Total sales were 28.38 million, corresponding to +6.8 per cent/ Ring + 20.7 per cent, Haf/tank/wey/Oula/Congress Picard 14 per cent, compared to +7 pct; Eura brand sales to 10 per cent. 2022q3, tank 300/500 0.91/2.6 million, ring + 73/12.6 per cent; Ola sales 22.5 million cat sales.
The company’s ability to make a profit is expected to continue, thanks to tank 300/500/Hover’s first love/Hover’s Beast/Gaza 300/500 and the continued power of the Great Wall cannon series’s high-profit vehicle. The product year is now approaching, and globalization is accelerating.
The company will start new energy products in 2023, with Hover creating a phev mix matrix with h6 at its core, tank brands accelerating off-road + mixing, and wey brands becoming fully commingled as product systems and marketing channels are adjusted.
1. The Wall Cars (60163.sh) is expected to continue to grow in July: sales are expected to continue; and the pure-electric heavy-pound lightning cat is on the market, which is expected to lead to a sustained recovery in sales and sales of Eurasia, and the acceleration of globalization in 2022/08/1.
With regard to the layout of globalization, the company has stepped up its deployment in Brazil, South-East Asia, Western Europe, etc., and has actively accelerated the deployment of the 4+4 ASEAN Strategy, in addition to the company's active promotion of the high-end products of the Wey and Ora brands in Europe.
A friend show. Driven by electricity and globalization, the company has come to a new phase of a rapid friend show. 3. The Great Wall car (60163.sh) was evaluated in April for its production and sales: Epidemic constrains the release of products, and STI drives the brand upwards -
\triangleright Rating: Continuous structural improvements, upward branding, globalization plus
5. The Wall Automobile (60163.sh) was issued in March with a fast-track assessment of the production and sale of the missing core supply, the global model of vehicle travel to the sea in the sense of 20 years to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be accountable for its content and views. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.