The Great Wall Car (60163.sh) is a dynamic review: sales remained stable in September, and the share of overseas was higher than re-innovation.
Bybyby, sales remained stable in September, and tank-type mains increased. The company sold 9.36 million vehicles in September, i.e. 6.38 per cent, ring + 6.14 per cent, ring performance was relatively stable, followed by movement.
In September, Huff's brand sales increased by 5.40 ring sales, contributing to September, 17.1 million truckloads, corresponding to 14.4% in the Great Wall, and 9.93% ring, of which 12.1 million cannons sold, corresponding to 20.9% in the Year, for a cumulative period of 26 months.
In September, the new energy vehicle was sold to 104,000 vehicles, corresponding to 18.81 per cent, the ring to 13.34 per cent, and the cumulative sales of 96.9 million in January-September, driving the new energy strategy forward, depending on the forest ecosystem, with the new energy and smartness being hardened.
Verification, precision to meet user needs, and creation of a new experience of green and intelligent travel. August 28th, the third generation of H6dht-phev is officially on the market.
The Mochadht-phev laser radar version is showing up on the Chengdu, helping China to develop its new energy, branding high-end intelligence: 2022 tank 300 cities won the 2022ivista smarta adas challenge aaeb and two weights of the aps first prize.
The first prize, the strength of which translates into the smart driving power of tank brands. Ten thousand, +64.70%, ring +22.53%, represent 20.12% of new vehicle sales, record high, with 1,117 million overseas sales in January-September, equal to +14.09% in September.
In Munich, Germany, the first user event was held to deepen client experience; in Eurasia, the Great Wall car and Kazakhstan’s regional partner, Stanamotos, signed a memorandum of intent on kd assembly cooperation in September, laying a solid foundation for deeper cooperation between the two sides.
The globalisation strategy has accelerated, and the overseas market has become a growing proportion of high-value cars in the Great Wall, with companies adhering to multi-product innovation and product differentiation strategies, tank branding achieving initial success, and expanding overseas markets effectively and at a certain rate.
The Division is still in a strong-car cycle, combining a comprehensive mix of strategies to open up long-term growth space. My upstream raw materials continue to increase prices; chip supplies are short; competition for automobile products is increasing; market figure 1: corporate Hover brand monthly sales (car)
Figure 2: Monthly sales of company tank brands (vehicles) Figure 5: Recent sales of company major brands and aggregate sales performance (vehicles)