Summary of the events: On 4 November 2022, the Great Wall Car released its October Express, \triangleright
According to \triangleright, the volume of Huff/tank/Ora/wey/Pika sales was 6.38/128/0.56/0.24/157,000, respectively; the tank and ring ratio showed significant performance, mainly in the 300-500 series of tanks.
Constraints on the release of products and products, and bottlenecks on the release of the company’s productive capacity, as the epidemic supply chain recovers and the supply of the espb site goes on and on. The cumulative volume of 903,000 vehicles sold in January-October, corresponding to 9.4 per cent, is expected to improve continuously, accompanied by a reduction in the acquisition tax officer’s stimulus, a resumption of the supply chain and a new vehicle’s market.
The brands are working and the structure of the product is improving. The brands look at it. 1) Haf: Haf has officially launched a new energy strategy in August, and in September, the third generation of H6dht came on the market.
Lemon dht has a leading lead in technology, with 35 127 vehicles sold by Hafferh in October, compared to 28.48 per cent in comparison. 2) Wey: branding has been mixed; we're looking forward to the launch of the Wey City Nohbeta edition in October, which is expected to accelerate the pace of product competitiveness, and wey's coming into the product year, where the new car market is expected to boost sales.
3 Growth; 3) Ora: The lightning cat was on the market on 27 October for $18,98-2698,000 to continue, 555/600/705km, positioning for “pure electric sedans of superfluent wire”, design of the open door, level of intelligence assessment: optimized product structure, significantly higher profit than expected - 2022/1
In October, by optimizing the product matrix, the company's fleet of over $200,000, 2. The Great Wall vehicle (601633.sh) was declared to be fast-disposal in July:
Production and marketing are recovering, globalization is accelerating, forest ecosystems are active, and globalization strategies are accelerating.
In June, the Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) reported a fast-track assessment of new energy strategies and smart transformations; in January-October, company smart car sales reached 85.84 per cent, plus an orderly recovery in supply and demand, with a sustained improvement in the second half of the year-20.
With regard to globalization, corporate sales abroad in October were at an all-time high, resulting in an all-time high of 4.
Epidemic constrains the release of products, STI drives the up-to-out-market layout, and H6dht-phev, third generation, was listed in Thailand on 7 October for the first time in the overseas market, 2022/05/10.
The 40-minute order broke through 1,000 vehicles; the same month, the company and the Sq Group's Hong Gang held a signing ceremony in Manila, the Philippines, in the first quarter of 2022 for the Great Wall Car (60163.sh) to jointly open up the Philippines market and accelerate the arrival of the ASEAN strategy. In addition, the Wall is showing its appearance at the Paris Car Fair.
Review: The vehicle structure continues to improve, brands are up, globalization is up and officially listed on Mercaphev (the European market is selling 39-420,000 dollars) and two new energy products for cats.
With the Tore forest ecosystem and globalization strategies, corporate sales are expected to increase steadily. \triangleright Industrial Policy, which values the development of corporate electric intelligence and multi-brand strategies, maintains a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.