The company's revenue from q3 business was $373.46, compared to the previous three-quarters report of 2022.
The product structure continued to improve and q3 performed better than expected. q3 sold 28.38 million and Huff/wey/Oula/tank/Pika brands respectively achieved sales of 16.56/85/2.56/4.9/351 million, of which tank brand q3 sales increased by +79.79 per cent, or 12.37 per cent, respectively.
The increase in the sales of high-priced vehicles, such as tanks, as well as the price and restructuring of Oula products, brought the company ' s q3 Māori ratio to 22.5 per cent, up from a high Māori rate in the first quarter of six years, q3 vehicle revenue to $13.16 million, a net profit of $9010 per vehicle, and a net profit of $8038 per vehicle.
Looking at the four-quarters, Haferh6dht-phev continues to contribute incrementally, higher-priced flashcats and tanks like 800 are expected to deliver on the market, and we see the sales and receipts of companies in the four-quarters continue to move forward, and the industrial chain layout accelerates.
Expanding overseas markets such as ASEAN and Europe, with 48.9 million q3 exports, or 34.87 per cent, of the same year, building military and stubble technology to set up a core semiconductor technology company, operating in the areas of integrated circuit design, integrated circuit layout design agent services, integrated circuit manufacturing, etc.
The extension of the upstream industrial chain to enable companies to move forward successfully in their new energy development strategy. Sustained investment in R & D accelerates the transformation of firms. In January-September 2022, companies invested R & D fees to concentrate on new high-technology areas such as new energy sources and smartness, accelerating the movement from traditional manufacturing to electricity.
Based on Hafer brands and pick-up trucks, consistent with product innovation and product differentiation, the company has achieved initial success in the Ora and Tank brands, and continues to seek break-up of the Wey and Sharon brands, looking forward to the future, we believe that the company is still in a strong-car cycle, folding into a full-blown hybrid.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and fair.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.