q3 Improved profitability and higher value-added products Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 3-quarter report of 2022 and 99.480 billion won in the first 3 quarters of 2022.
In terms of cost, the net return to mothers is 2.56 billion yuan, the share of high-value-added products is rising, the profitability of high-value-added products such as cannons is improving, the share of high-value-added products such as Great Wall cannons is rising, and products such as black and white cats are out of sale.
In the first three quarters, the company earned about $2.3 billion in exchange, and the cumulative cost of the share payments was about $1.5 billion. • Focused on car-type turning points, 2023, high-yielding cycle, 2022, the company was more affected by the shortage of materials, and the multidimensionality of guaranteed supplies, new cars, etc.
The shock, which is expected to lead to a turning point as the company’s supply problems are gradually addressed, is the company’s new cycle of sales and cars. The company’s new energy strategy has accelerated, pushing for the expansion of multi-technology products such as blending, pure electricity, hydrogen electricity, etc. On the hybrid side, the heavy-pound car, Hafh6dht-phev, is in product power and pricing.
In pure electricity, the Ora and Sharon brands have multiple new cars, of which the Ora Ballet and Lightning Cats will be listed. In high-end, wey plays high-end smart electric brands, and will gradually roll out medium-sized and large suvs, cars, mpvs, etc.
2. Sales continue to improve, looking at the second half of New Car Week 3. Performance is over-expected, and sales are expected to turn up.
• Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covers passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and includes new energy vehicles and transmissions.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.