The Great Wall Car (601633) was sold in September as compared to the Great Wall Car incident: the Great Wall Car released its September 2022 Express, and the company sold 93,642 vehicles in September as compared to the previous year.
-6.4 per cent by brand, Hover sold 53,960 vehicles in September, i.e., 1.1 per cent; Wey Branded, a globally known suv manufacturing firm, held the following: “2,354 vehicles per volume, i.e., 49.5 per cent; Great Wall Picards, i.e. 17,111, i.e. 14.5 per cent; Ora Brands, i.e.
A little bit of progress in the business concept, with an advanced corporate culture and management team, created a unique business of 7,605, of which 40.5 per cent were sold, and 12,612, of which 57.2 per cent were evaluated.
The impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished, and the base of the August sales has been disrupted by short-term power cuts in the Kawasaka region.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The fall in sales in September was largely attributable to: (1) the release of the Hover mixed version is on the market, and the company is able to transfer its debt for a six-year period of 3.5 billion yuan from 2021-06-10.
With the expected short-term disruptions and the resumption of the supply chain, the addition of new vehicles to the market, the company’s sales in the fourth quarter are expected to improve. The Hover brand is fully transformed into a new energy source, and the H6 mix is about to be delivered.
Energy strategy, declaring a full transition to a new energy track. Hafer brand brand brand brand rejuvenates, with a new model based on lemon-mixed dht technology platform. Third generation hev, phev versions are about to be delivered at a price of $149.98 million and $16.88-17.68 million, respectively, for the new Haf-dog displayed at the Chengdu exhibition.
Energy vehicle models will also be marketed in the course of the year, accelerating the new energy transformation of the Hafer brand. We believe that Hafer’s brand, which is the cornerstone of the sale of the Great Wall’s cars, formally marks a full transition to new energy sources, marking the full roll-out of the Wall’s new vehicle energy strategy and is expected to boost the company’s share of new energy vehicles.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions of shares) New vehicle cycles are continuing, with more than one new vehicle in the second half of the year listed in the rich product matrix. This year, the company is on the market in circulationb shares/h shares (millions of shares)
New models include 500 tanks to locate large-scale commercial luxury suv, Merca dht-phev and latte dht-phev based on lemon blending systems and curry smart platforms, Fashion commercial picature gun, Ora's first female ballet cat, Hoover's brand-cool dog and super-mixing.
Hev, tank 500phev, Eurasian Lightcat, etc., have a variety of electric, intelligent and new products, and we can further enrich the rich company product matrix. We judge that the new car cycle is moving forward, adding brand models like Hafer, tanks, etc., to benefit from a policy of halving the purchase tax, which supports the growth of corporate sales.
In the medium-to-long term, institutional change and technological innovation enablers have shifted to electric intelligence. Companies have transformed the bottom shelf, moving from an “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user service operator” and moving from a business model to a “product-plus software-service” that provides the basis for their effective exploitation of market demand.
In the field, the company ' s lemon mix dht, helium-related technologies will continue to fall, and 3.0t+9at/9hat super-power will eventually fall further on tanks 500 and so on. During the critical period of electric intelligence change in the automobile industry, the company is a traditional autonomous company with its earlier transformation, long-term accumulation of core technologies and products.
The product strategy of the Focused Disaggregated Goods category is an important contribution to the company’s continuous transformation of electric intelligence.s148051030003 Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the continued push of the new cycle is the weight of corporate sales and performance improvements
The full transformation of the Hover brand to new energy sources is expected to boost the company’s share of new energy vehicles.
In the long run, the share of corporate electric intelligence products has risen further as a result of the rise of autonomous new energy sources, the Great Wall Cars (601633): the volume ring ratio has improved in September, and attention has been given to the mixed transformations, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Great Wall car (601633): the sales of the rings improved in September, focusing on the hybrid transition.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.