Wall car: 2203 outperforms expectations, single-car activity net profits, and for the last two years, the Great Wall vehicle (601633).
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by companies in 2022, with companies q1-q3 receiving $99,480 million in 2022, or +9.6 per cent of the year; net profit returns to mothers amounting to $8.16 billion, or +65.0 per cent of the year; of which q3 achieved business income, improved product structure, single-car operations.
The \triangleright division received $13.16 million, i.e. +21.18 per cent, ring + 8.46 per cent. The non-recurring profit-and-loss ratio, i.e., gains on the \treasuries, decreased and net profits increased significantly. 22q1-q3 m
The Division ' s non-recurrent gains and losses were $3.82 billion, mainly from exchange gains and government subsidies, and its single-car non-profits were up for almost two years, with full profitability. The improved sales structure resulted in \triangleright
The increase in corporate profitability was evident, with a Māori rate of 19.92 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, and a higher sales share of the original vehicles, such as tanks 300, tanks 500, and cannons from the Wall: 2) the lower price of a pure electric truck, such as black and white cats, was put off. 22q3 had a net profit of $8038.
In January-September 2022, the company sold 1,117,000 vehicles abroad, an increase of 14.09%. The Wall is carrying Wei Mokaphev.
(coffee01), latte phev (coffee02), a Paris car show on October 17 for new energy products such as O'Lai cats, good cat gt, lightning cat. Wei mocha phev (coffee 01) and O'La Quai cats are officially listed in Europe, of which Wei moka phev (coffee01)
As of October 21, 2022, the company's out-of-sea sales had reached 1 million vehicles, and the pace of new sources of energy was accelerating. Profit predictions and investment ratings: the company used Harv as a breakthrough to speed up the transformation of the new energy sector.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., ltd's new model is expected to be a product cycle year, and we look forward to long-term growth.
In Beijing, building 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing, 22q3 outperformed our earlier expectations, so we raised the company's profit forecast. We predicted the company's risk factors: the market process in the new car was less than expected, the risk of falling sales in the industry, and so on.
\triangleright Figure 1: Company revenue (millions of dollars) and speed of increase in calendar years Figure 7: Company sales (millions) and speed of increase in quarterly sales
Figure 8: Four core members of the company ' s quarterly branding sales (in thousands). Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the car industry, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, mainly covering smart cars, car connections, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.