The rickshaws continue to break up, the Māori high-level lift belt, the Great Wall car (601633.sh) moves out of expectations.
Investment incident companies issued three-quarter reports in 2022, and in the first three quarters of 2022 they realized business income of $99,480 million, i.e. + 9.56 per cent of the year; net profit returns to mothers of $8,160 million, i.e. + 65.03 per cent of the year;
(i) Improved product structure for high-end product sales and higher revenue boosts from bicycles. The company achieved 80.23 million vehicles in the previous three quarters, a 9.25 per cent decline compared to the previous three quarters, a narrow decline compared to the first half of the year, and vehicle sales were affected by the outbreak, spare parts supply and logistics constraints
The impact has been a number of positive measures taken by the company, with significant improvements in the production and sale of the 3rd quarter, the continued performance of the 03rd quarter, and the continuation of the one-car-asp upswing. The 03rd company'sasp estimate is $12.4 million, an increase of 20.72 per cent compared to the previous year, and a small increase of 2.31 per cent in the ring. The company's product volume has risen and strongly supported the harvest.
(ii) The company’s high Māori rate has risen and contributed to higher than expected performance. In the previous three quarters, the company’s gross ratio was higher than +2.68 pt. The company’s Māori rate was higher in the head mainframe plant, and the company’s Māori heights had continued to rise, mainly as a result of high Māori tanks, in the context of the outbreak’s disruptions and sales
The supply of branded vehicles is in short supply, and the product structure is improving as a result of the high-end breakout. q3 Q3 net profit to the mother is now 2.56 billion dollars, a significant increase of 80.74 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to the company's upgrading of production during the reporting period, the increased profitability of the vehicle, and the increase in exchange rate gains.
A good boost to corporate performance was achieved by 80.2 million vehicles, equal to +69.65 per cent, and high-end product supply and supply should not be expected to effectively support the Māori ratio of the product. (iii) Hofer, a sticker product, pushed for a new energy transformation, and differential competition is expected to further boost the public ' s performance.
The company's labeled Huffh6 hybrid was listed in August, and the company plans to raise the sales of Huff's new energy vehicle to 80% in 2025, with a major brand new energy transformation expected to boost the company's sales, and to consolidate the company's position as a leader in the market in the new energy sector and in the sub-market in the city of Suv.
With tanks 500 a year, tanks 700 will warm up the heat of the company's luxury cross-country products, and new types of energy vehicles, such as Eura Punk and Euratom, will dig deep into the needs of women consumers in the new energy sector.
The company will compete for protection against corporate differences. Firms are determined to push for high-end surges, with differential competitive advantages gradually emerging, and new energy risks; 3, the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on company performance; and 4, the risk of product sales falling short of expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.