Life insurance has risen in size and value, with net profit returns equal to +11 per cent in comparison with China's average annual report for 2025.
RMB 2,00,496 million, i.e. 3.0 per cent of the year; net profit from maternity is RMB 27,885 million, i.e. + 11.0 per cent of the year; life insurance operations for mothers: (1) rising in size and value.
(ii) The size of the proxies has recovered steadily. 183,000 monthly average insurance salesmen and 186,000 end-of-service insurance salesmen in the first half of 2025, or +1.6 per cent, of whom new manpower is available
During the year, China ' s China China Pacific Insurance (CPS) channel achieved a premium of 41,660 million yuan in size, +82.6 per cent in comparison, of which China ' s new December maximum price (US$) was increased in the first half of the year by China ' s PS to attract floating yield-type products, taking additional steps to optimize the product structure.
Half-yearly coverage of the new insurance policy has increased significantly, with the share of the new insurance policy rising to 42.5 per cent, with the contribution of the agent channel to the new insurance policy accounting for 51.0 per cent.
Income of $112,760 million, or +0.9 per cent of the same, consists of a share of $1.92 trillion in insurance premiums for vehicle and non-car insurance, compared with +7.0 per cent at the end of the previous year. The ratio of allocated bond and equity assets continues to rise, and the impact of changes in the fair value of solid asset classes measured and accounted for by their movements in gains and losses is on a declining basis.
Investment recommendations: maintenance of the China Pacific “buy-in” rating, with China’s projected net profit in 2025 as the risk of expected premium escalation; risk of asset-end investment returns falling faster than expected as a result of fast downswings in long-end interest rates; and a climate of increased difficulty in selling new insurance policies as a result of continued tightening of regulatory policies
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index for the unit reference point; the new three-board reference point has a three-board finger. TYPE “investors” are suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “middle and low” risk, `stable' investors only for studies with a risk level not higher than “medium risk” and `positive' investors only for studies with a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk” and `radical' investors are suitable for use
This report is presented independently and objectively and within the limits of our knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is independent of the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, and companies.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.