The core indicators are generally good and their scale and value are increasing at the same time The Chinese Taibo published the mid-2025 report, and the 1h25 company achieved gross operating income of 200496 billion yuan, or 7.1 per cent of the year.
Life and health insurance: product structure has improved, and nbv has increased. 5h25 provides insurance for services of 42,274 million yuan, compared to 1.0 per cent, and company 1h25 has a new business value of $9,544 million, compared to 9.44 billion, promoting product transformation and strengthening floating yield products, commercial insurance annuities, health insurance, represented by the Red Benefit
Review: silver insurance channels are growing brightly, net profit fluctuations are not changing over the long term Product drives, extra measures are being taken to optimize product structures, and it is expected that the cost of stock liabilities will be reduced continuously. Channels: core teams of insurance will be able to increase production and the silver stock will continue to increase significantly.
China's Taibo (601601.sh) annual report, 2024, provides an excellent performance at both ends, and the “Long Air” transition is even further — a monthly average of 183,000 insurance salesmen (thousands), which is almost equal to the average, while the channel manpower remains stable and stable at the same time.
Resolutely implement a “compilation” of insurance policies to continuously promote cost structure optimization and qualitative upgrading. 2) Silver insurance: EPPs remain value-centred, premium size increases and network cooperation continues to expand. 1h25 Silver insurance channels achieve a premium of $41.660 billion, or 82.6 per cent, of which the new single-stage premium is equal to the premium
Financial insurance: Insurance profits continue to rise and premium revenues grow robustly. Company 1h25 treasury operations. Current premium revenues of $11,486 million, +0.9%, respectively. Corporate coor combined cost rates for the first half of the year are equal to -0.7%. Corporate car insurance continues to optimize new energy vehicle insurance operations and improves controls on precision.
Increasing operational resilience, while maintaining a high level of non-car risk, has focused on optimizing the business structure, continuing to deepen risk reduction management systems, and raising the level of insured profits. Investment: Lower interest rates have resulted in a smaller return on investment compared to lower interest rates.
Mainly, the fall in interest rates for the second quarter was lower than in the same period last year, resulting in a decline in the fair value of solid-income assets (tpl solid) that were measured at fair value in the current period and whose changes were recorded in current gains and losses, and a pressure on short-term investment returns. 2) Portfolio: oci financial assets increased by 1.0 pct compared to the end of the previous year, mainly in bonds and shares
The share of corporate equity and equity funds had increased, and by the end of the second quarter the ratio of corporate equity and equity funds had increased, respectively. Investment proposal: 1h25 companies maintained a value and benefit priority, the core end-of-debt indicators were generally good.
For the purpose of boosting the floating yield products represented, the product structure continues to be optimized, the cost of the stock liability is expected to continue to fall, and the value growth performance is good. Fiscal operations continue to optimize the structure, premium revenues are robustly growing and the coor is clear, companies adhere to strategic asset allocation based on the characteristics of the insurance liability, and investment performance is good.
\triangleright end-of-end interest rates are over-expected, and risk management reforms are not as fast as expected. Figure 1: China's new insurance policy premium and the same rate increase
Figure 2: The value of new Chinese Pacific insurance operations and the rate of increase over the same period, Figure 3: Performance of new Chinese Pacific life insurance operations
Figure 5: Combined cost rates of insurance coverage (%): Performance of the rate of return on investment in China: Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.