China Stones (600176): In the mid-year 2020 report issued by the China Stone Corporation, a total of 4,892 million yuan in revenue and a net return to the mother were achieved in 2020.
China’s Great Stone is the world’s leading industry, producing 762 million yuan, a decline of 3.37 per cent and 27.66 per cent, respectively, and a gain of 0.22 yuan per share over the same period. The market share is 22 per cent of the world’s total and domestic, respectively.
As the world’s leading company, 34%, ranked first. The giant rock has two markets, both inside and outside the country, and the new 2020-h1 epidemic has broken out in our country and abroad.
Highlights for the next three to six months: Foreign and domestic market demand has shown a clear “boarding” effect, as evidenced by the fact that q1 domestic demand is less likely to produce under the impact of the epidemic, while foreign orders are relatively good, q2 overseas.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The poor demand ring in the outbreak and the accelerated recovery of demand in the country as it resumed work, taken as a whole, see that the company's sales of fibres and products increased in the first half of the year, and the decline in performance was judged to be mainly due to the sale of products.
This advantage successfully converts exports to inward sales as products that need to be produced continuously, maintaining a high stability in public distribution rates, keeping 2020h1 stock turnover at its historical median level over the same period, and
Much better than the same period in 2018, when the domestic market’s share of the company’s products rose in reverse, and the cost of moating the river was found to be a good counter-risk. The price of the fibres went up, and the demand improved the industry’s climate went up.
The recovery of domestic demand accelerated and external market demand improved with the gradual reopening of overseas markets, with recent industrial manufacturers now in a relatively low position with prices falling from late 2018 to the present, and the overall increase in the prices of major kilns starting in early August was 50-100 yuan per ton, downstream.
In the context of a better recovery in demand, new production in the second half of the industry declined significantly in 2018, with only 230,000 tons and 260,000 tons, respectively, with less impact on productive capacity, better demand and supply shocks, and with reduced decomposition of industry stocks leading to higher prices, we believe that industry has reached a turning point.
At the start of a new cycle of growth, we'll meet the alpha- and beta-resonance. In 2021, the Great Stone will begin a new cycle of cold repair, smart-enhanced cold-change, cost-developing cycles, and companies will be moving in the direction of intelligence, financial growth in the East.
Figure 1: Change in Māori ratio for sales of China ' s Great Stones, Figure 3: Change in China ' s Big Stone Inventory Liquidity Rate, Figure 4: Changes in net cash from China ' s Great Stone Operations
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): the city's upturn and the industry's mood has come to an end.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Mr. Rhodes, cfa, has three years of experience in the chemical industry.
In 2017, crystal ball was ranked second in the list, first in the list, top in the list, top in the list, top in the list in 2018, second in the analysis of the new Xinjin in 2019, and second in the top three As in the Eastern Fortune Chemical Industry.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): the city's upturn and the industry's mood has come to an end.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.