Materials: The worst phase has passed and is at the beginning of a new round of growth Events: In the first half of 2020, the company received $4,892 million (-3.37 per cent) in net return to the mother
In the first half of the year, the price increase fell and the reverse took over the market: in the first half of the year, the company sold about 910,000 tons of bovine and products, an increase of about 11 per cent over the same year, of which q2 sold about 500,000 tons, an increase of about 28 per cent over the same period. In the context of the full outbreak of the two-quarter overseas epidemic, the negative growth in sales was extraordinary, with major gains.
The rapid recovery of the domestic market, with sales growing by about 30 per cent in the first half of the year, the demand for wind veils, parts of direct veils, and so on, is expected to be sustained by wind demand in the second half of the year, while the company's ongoing new product development and investment in wind power has led to the company's wind power sector.
Gross equity/flow (million shares) is highly competitive, and the share of the city is expected to increase further throughout the year.
(a) Structural changes and, on the other hand, a decline in the prices of some of the products to increase market ownership;
The q2 price ring has declined, mainly due to the outbreak of the q2 overseas epidemic, with demand under pressure from the impact of the epidemic and without long-term impact, and the price of the electronic fabric has fallen from $3.6 in the previous period to the current 3.2 yuan per square metre.
Long Trends - 2020/04/25. With the advent of the 5g era and the weakening of the marginal effects of the overseas epidemic, demand for electronic fabrics is expected to gradually return to China's Stones (600176).
Part of transport costs moved from sales costs to production costs subjects in 2020, if the same calibre performance continues to be pressured to stay in business.
The cost-control capabilities of companies remain prominent, with corporate size advantages, product restructuring capabilities and fine management maintaining high levels of profitability at a time when the business landscape is changing, and we believe that future firms will continue to do so as the company's smart manufacturing lines move forward and a new cycle of technology evolves.
Production efficiency will continue to improve and production costs will continue to decline and become inherently competitive; product stocks have fallen, with sales costs falling by about 80 per cent compared to the previous year; and corporate commodity banks have been on hold for approximately 116 days at the end of the reporting period, an increase of about 3 days from the end of the first quarter, mainly due to q2 overseas
The outbreak affected the company's overseas sales, while 150,000 tons of smart-made 2-line production became operational in June, increasing production capacity and sub-company raw materials availability; and in the third quarter, as domestic demand recovered further and the impact of the overseas epidemic diminished, the public went to the polls.
The Department's inventory has been gradually declining, and we judge that the current stock life of corporate products is less than two months;) the sales cost rate has fallen by about 80 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the reclassification of some of the sales costs to the bottom of the industry, leading to medium- and long-term opportunities: the recent mainstream of prices for major domestic firms.
The product rose by about $100 per ton, domestic demand boosted, foreign order edges improved, industry led stocks declined from the previous period, and we believe that, with the arrival of demand and the emergence of the epidemic abroad, prices are moving up the bottom; over the long cycle, the current line is moving up.
Short-term cash flow, cost-side support has limited the space for downside prices, while supply-side additional capacity has decreased significantly in 19-20, short-term output impacts have been limited, 2020h2 will be a long-cycle turning point for the landscape, with companies as industry leaders with a scale, channels and product structure
With the negative expansion of production capacity, the “tricontinental” strategy has steadily advanced: with the advent of the Great Stone American Line in May 19, the company's total fibre optic capacity will reach about 1.82 million tons, of which overseas capacity will be achieved.
296,000 tons, up to 16.3 per cent of the company's total capacity, and US-line production is a solid step in the company's strategy for the three continents, while India's pre-project work is progressing steadily, the process of inter-firmization is accelerating and the strategy of “outside supply” is not deepening: the recent Great Stones are 13
The 10,000-ton relocation line and the 150,000-ton smart manufacturing line in the village of Kiryu have been set on fire, and it is expected that the 2nd relocation line will be set on fire in the 4th quarter, when the company's production line will be re-intelligent, energy efficiency will be improved, productivity will be enhanced by reduced consumption, output will expand inversely, and the city is expected to move forward.
Investment proposal: In view of the weakening of external influence and the gradual warming of the bottom of the industry, we're adjusting the Institute for the Development of the Beijing City West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.