The Centre for Research in Resources and the Environment (CREDES) established the industry bottom, where the elasticity of the head highlights the fact that since the beginning of the year, prices for the sale of domestic bovine and products have been adjusted in a resilient manner, with a 7 per cent discount.
Domestic demand has recovered and downstream demand has improved: domestic braid prices have fallen by 16% in the first half of 2020, and corporate revenue has declined by only 3%, mainly in connection with the increase in corporate sales. As a result of the outbreak of the overseas epidemic in the first half of the year, corporate operations abroad have been hit since March, and domestic operations have improved by an increase in sales.
In the main areas of breakdown, the marginal demand for wind and power is greatest. In the short term, it is expected that good demand in the field of wind and electricity will be sustained in 2021, as the supply of wind and electrical materials does not meet demand.
Overseas operations are hit by the epidemic, and recovery is possible in the second half of the year: trade frictions and the continued spread of overseas epidemics have had some impact on companies’ overseas operations, and companies are responding positively. In response to trade frictions, companies try to build plants abroad to meet customers’ needs and reassure customers.
Overseas client production has been gradually recovering, and overseas demand has improved over the first half of the year. With overseas business recovery and the start-up of a new manufacturing and manufacturing base in Chengdu, corporate sales are expected to pick up in the second half of the year. Industry concentration has increased, and price increases are expected to continue: prices have been raised at the initiative of other firms in the industry in November 2019.
The Stones are not different, and the current round of price increases are initiated by the Stones, reflecting positive changes in the supply and demand situation in the industry. As companies are the least costly firms in the industry, excessive cost pressures have increased the willingness of other firms in the industry to raise prices, so we judge the bottom of the industry to confirm that the current round of price increases have been sustained.
The year 2020 is the last year of Chinese construction materials to resolve intra-group industrial competition, and, as the consolidation progresses in an orderly manner, the concentration of leading firms will be more aggressive in controlling prices. 27x. We believe that the bottom of the industry cycle confirms that the company’s valuation, as the global backbone of the fabric, has reached its mark.
Dingstoo Economic downturn, ongoing overseas epidemics, trade friction, exchange rate risk, and risk of cost escalation.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment