Trailer advertising lead business, actively deploying a big model of ad hoc marketing ai . In-depth research by the media (002027.sz) grouping the media as leaders of the building media, with a rebound in performance.
In the year, an elevator media advertising model was created, which now builds the country’s largest urban life media network. The company’s products are dominated by the building’s media, mainly the elevator television media, the building’s poster media, and the cinema’s screen advertising media.
As the company’s most important business, operating income lasts for four years, accounting for 90% of total operating income. As demand in the advertising market recovers, the company’s unique value is increasingly recognized by brand advertisers, and the main business performance is gradually warming.
The advertising market has gradually recovered, and the building media have led the market. The social macro-environment has improved, and the enthusiasm of advertisers for marketing has been rekindled. According to ctr, the advertising market increased by 11.20% over the same period in 2021 and by the same period in 2023.
The size of the market is expected to be close to RMB 90 billion. The building media is now one of the main pillars of the advertising market. Ctr data show that only elevators, lcd, and elevator posters, have been growing for two years in a row between 2022 and mid-2023.
Since the release of chhatgpt, aigc is deeply influenced by its efficient text-making, graphic, design and audio-visual synthesis capabilities. 69.6% of advertisers have used aigc in marketing promotions in 2023.
Data are expected to reach 78.9% in 2024.aigc has become a major focus of technology in advertising. Aigc technology has been used in marketing by several leading advertising companies, such as Blue Cursor, Ali's mom and Insai Group.
In recent years, the company has been working hard to market aigc technology.
The impact has continued to increase, with elevator television media self-inflicted, elevator poster media self-inflicted. "The main industry is growing steadily, pushing low-line cities with the USA, covering Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Viet Nam, etc.
In the meantime, the company has explored the extensive response of aigc technology to marketing scenes.
With the deployment of the large marketing puncture model developed, ongoing fine-tuning and typographical refinements, the revival of market demand and the acceleration of the expansion of location, both within and outside the country, of the mass media (002027.sz) in 2023.
Connected, we look at the firm's homeowner's robust growth and positive layout of the off-shore market, and keep it up. Read the text carefully and "buy in" rating. Core assumption: (1) Building Media: The Company is a wide media presence in the building.
Prominently, the business is the company’s largest revenue-earning business. Income: the growing demand for advertising and new business with a higher profile is expected to give the company room for growth.
About 13,000 cinema halls, companies have a leading market share in the cinema advertising media. The lines and performance have fallen short of expectations; the advertisers have fallen short of expectations; and the policy and regulatory environment has become more stringent.
The branch media was established in 2003 to create an elevator media advertising model, the first Chinese advertising media unit to be marketed in NASDAQ in the United States in 2005 and to be elected to NASDAQ in 2007.
In 2019, the digitalization process continued. In 2020, the client structure was continuously optimized, and the media’s digitalization under the lead line was improved.
The media are focused on the central scene of the "Elevator" and are required to advertise in the mainstream, creating a pattern of high-frequency output and low-disruption advertising. The media are thus rated as the "China's most brand-activated medium."
Figure 1: Corporate development history. Corporate equity is fragmented, with the first major shareholder holding a 23.72% share, and its beneficial owner is Jiang Namchun, the company’s founder.
By holding 100% of the shares in the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, the company holds 11.36% of the shares in the public media.
The structure is more fragmented and is largely dominated by foreign firms. Read the text carefully and make it clear that there is no liability clause.
1.3 The executive management of the company is concentrated, efficient in decision-making and streamlined and efficient in its management structure. The management team is compact, with Mr. Jiang Namchun, Ms. Koo Wei Wei and Mr. Yong Hae-won as its core members. The founder of the media is Mr. Jiang Chun-nam, who started the elevator on a global scale.
Media advertising model, created in 2003, led in 2005 to a listing in NASDAQ in the United States, selected in 2007 for NASDAQ 100 Index, and returned to the market in 2015, becoming China’s most marketable cultural media unit.
The annual New Age Business Leaders Award, the "2018th Economic Year Award" and the exemption clause 1.4 is a major product of the media, and profits have fluctuated for the better.
The same-year growth rate was negative in 2020 and 2022, with -0.32 per cent and performance gradually warming, respectively, with operating income reaching $11.904 billion, operating income increasing by 26.30 per cent, net profit for mothers rising by $4.827 billion and net profit for mothers increasing by 73.02 per cent.
The company's main products are the building media (mainly the elevator television media and the elevator poster media) and the cinema screen advertising media.
Read the text carefully and make an exemption clause.
Figure 5: The sales rate of the company’s main product is consistent, mainly in the building media, which account for a higher proportion of the company’s main product.
The company's cash and cash equivalents were sold at the end of 2019-2023, and the public media were well represented in the industry. The sales cost of 2019-2023 The 1.5 incentive system was gradually improved and staff cohesion continued to improve.
In 2019, the company launched the first phase of its employee holding scheme, which involved the participation of 25 employees who had resigned from the first phase of the company due to retirement/dismissal, by means of a staff-funded subscription, to Ms. Dong-hoon Kowa, Mr. Linnan, the Supervisor, and 98 other core employees at the time.
A total of 83 employees, with a total of 48 million shares, accounted for about 0.33 per cent of the company ' s total equity share. In December 2020, the company launched its second employee share plan, targeting 196 core employees, including directors, supervisors, senior managers, and so on, excluding retirement/retrenchment due to retirement.
A total of 141 employees, or approximately 0.05 per cent of the company ' s total stockholding, were involved in the second phase of the company ' s plan. 2 Industry overviews: the advertising market has gradually recovered and aigc has become a hot spot of interest
2.1 The socio-economic well-being of the advertising industry has rekindled its marketing enthusiasm and, with economic development, the advertising market has begun to recover and the demand for advertising has increased. In recent years, our gdp has steadily increased, reaching 126,582.1 billion yuan in 2023, a year-on-year increase.
At the end of the epidemic, the social macro-environment improved, and the enthusiasm of advertisers for marketing was rekindled. According to ctr, the advertising market increased by 11.20% over the same period in 2021, 2.2 ladders of media led the advertising market, and the Internet advertising market flourished.
At the end of 2020, the population census was 63.9% urbanized as the most basic facility for urbanization, and the number of elevators increased rapidly as the urbanization process intensified. At the end of the year, the number of elevators had risen to 10,6298,000, an increase of more than 25 times.
The smallness of the space and the extremely high flow of people, whether working, going to school, going out to work and playing, the elevators have become a compulsory place for people, which means that the ladder market has better market prospects, and figure 15: Chinese elevator holdings, 2002-2023
Building media is one of the pillars of the advertising market. According to the same change in the cost of advertising in 2022 and in 2023, only elevators, lcd and elevator posters have been increasing for two years. This means that the advertising market can only be restored if the advertisers are going to the building.
Media favors. The monthly elevator lcd advertising bill for 2022-2023 showed an increase of 10.50% in the same amount as the elevator poster bill, and the building media, with its high touch capacity, is steadily developing, and the advertising market is doing its best to return to pre-epidemiological levels.
In recent years, the size of the Internet advertising market has been growing. Between 2019 and 2023, the growth rate of the Internet advertising market was roughly the same as that of the overall advertising market.
At the same time, the difference between the size of the Internet advertising market and the size of the advertising market as a whole is growing by billions. The monthly cost of Internet advertising also shows a trend of volatility.
Figure 19: Changes in the size of China ' s Internet Advertising Market 2019-2023
In November 2022, Oen ai released chhatgpt, which led to a wave of creative artificial intelligence (artificial intelligence in advertising) that inspired public interest in and exploration of aigc.
With its efficient content-creation capabilities, the efficiency of its work in many areas, such as text creation, image design, and audio-visual synthesis, has been significantly enhanced. The ability demonstrated by aigc is profoundly affecting the industries at 78.9% of the year, and most advertisers use aigc to generate promotional documents, sea and sea in marketing activities.
Innovative content such as newspapers, videos, etc. The size of our aigc advertising sales receivable market is expected to reach $150 billion by 2030, a 30-fold increase from 2023. Figure 21: Aigc penetration in marketing activities, 2023-2024
Aigc technology has been used in marketing by a number of head advertising companies. (1) Blue cursor danced with ai: in 2023, the company released a brand-new aai2 strategy, allinai, to become a generator.
One's marketing leader, who builds the "bluefocusai" matrix. Currently, 70% of the customers in the blue cursor business have used company-generated ai-related services. (2) aigc application level model:
In April 2024, the Insai Group's aigc application level model — insightgpt — achieved a literary video function, made a leap from graphic to graphic video, dedicated to highlighting brand values and inspiring audiences to connect.
The importance of aigc technology in the advertising industry is evident in the need for marketing companies to adapt to the trend towards digital marketing innovations and avoid falling behind.
Figure 22: Blue cursor “ai' summit” conference figure 23: insightgpt temperature-up video link and process method 3 competitive advantage: customer loyalty, capture of overseas market and aigc technology opportunities
3.1 One of the first companies to create an elevator media advertising model in the country, led by the advertising industry, is now the leading company in the building media industry.
In recent years, both net asset yields and net profits have been at the forefront of businesses in the same industry. Read the text carefully and make it clear that the number of pieces of media equipment has increased significantly over the past five years, taking over the second-line urban market.
The number of self-employed elevators in the media was 70.9/683/77.4/86.8/1057,000 in 023, of which 19.3/18.3/20.7/253,000 were in the first-line city and 38.3/35.9/452/45.1/553,000 were in the second-line city.
The number of self-employed elevator television outlets is 9.2/6.8/6/63.64,000. The increase in the number of two-line urban media and the rapid reduction in the number of three-line urban media means that the separate media are increasingly focusing on the two-line city.
Read the text carefully and make it clear that the media are the biggest media platform in China's life circles, attracting a large number of high-quality customers, and creating a free press.
There are many excellent cases. The current users of the media include Ali, Tseng, Unilever, China, Construction Bank, Elie, Monx, Peasant Hill Spring, Yuan Forest, Yeebao, etc., with a comprehensive coverage of food, medicine, beverages, entertainment and leisure products and office automation services.
A significant portion of the Chinese elevator lcd advertising list and the Chinese advertising market as a whole in 2023, which cost tot 50, is a client of the distributed media. Read the text carefully and make it exempt.
3.2 Continued promotion of overseas operations and dynamism in corporate development The media is one of the world's first companies to create an elevator-based media model, which has gained increasing international recognition through its innovative business capabilities.
"The Most Valuable Media Award", the Macao International Advertisement Festival "The China's Most-Advanced Communication Division for the Year", the London International Award "The Best Innovative Marketing Award", the China International Advertisement Festival "Advertiseor 100" and the "admen International Award for War Crimes"
In response to the “One Way” initiative, it speeded up the deployment of overseas operations. The elevator television media self-employed, the elevator poster media self-employed equipment covered a number of countries, including Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India and Japan.
Annual growth in the number of bodies, 4.1/7.3/9.4/10.7/136,000 in 2019-2023, up from five years, figure 26: Number of self-owned elevator television media outside the company, 3.3ai advertising media, digitization of company products, intelligent development
At a time when the aigc technology is on fire, the media are equally active in exploiting the opportunity to explore in depth the widespread use of aigc technology in marketing.
Large company models are used mainly in three dimensions: (1) creative content generation: enabling small and medium-sized enterprises to reduce their advertising costs; (2) timely content feedback and optimization: with content cost benefits; and, in the case of advertising, advertising owners can quickly overturn different versions of advertising and conduct rapid testing, based on real-time counters.
Optimization of feedback to effectively improve the efficiency and effectiveness of advertising; and (iii) excellence of presentation methods: exploring in depth the impact of split advertising on brand visibility, awareness and willingness to buy, contributing to forward-looking planning of media placements by business clients and achieving accurate marketing and expected results projections.
In recent years, the advantages of company digital intelligence have become increasingly apparent. Companies have been strengthening their digital, intelligent marketing systems, have successfully achieved cloud-based online delivery, and have deployed remote online surveillance on a large scale.
Screens to ensure that the screen is operated remotely and in real time. At the same time, with big data technology, companies are able to view their commodity preferences and branding preferences for specific buildings and residential areas, thereby providing highly customized placement programmes for advertisers. Not only has brands been connected to target audiences, but they also have been strengthened.
Marketing activities have significantly increased their effectiveness, contributing to sales growth. “buy-in” ratings are maintained by reference to comparable companies’ blue cursors, mega-message media, syntax interconnections, and the robust growth and positive placement of corporate owners in offshore markets.
(1) Building Media: The company, as the leading advertising company in the building media, accounts for the largest share of the company’s revenue.
Please read carefully the exoneration clause: (1) new technologies are not as developed as expected: companies are at risk of poor technological development; (2) increased competition in the industry: advertising is growing rapidly and companies are vulnerable to inter-industry competition
(3) New product R & D is on the line and underperformance: large models of company marketing are likely to affect the competitiveness and profitability of companies in the industry if they fail to reach or fail to do so; (4) advertisers are unable to deliver as expected: marketing programmes fail to meet the expectations of advertisers will affect the public.
(5) The policy and regulatory environment are becoming more stringent: the company’s main business is the building media, and public places are available for this report. Without the interference and influence of the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.