Three quarters of profit repair, four quarters of elasticity, transport, logistics, non-mortality net profit of $1.01 billion (+9.1 per cent).
The firm grew faster than the industry, with a steady increase in the share of the market, and competition for the industry's back-to-back-led single-barrel price ring became increasingly hot, but the regulatory level introduced “reverse-in-volume” measures in August, raising industry prices from 52 weeks' maximum/minimum prices.
Gradual expansion of the food-producing areas to most non-food areas led to an increase of $0.07 and $0.06 per month in the company ' s single-way revenue in August and 9 months, respectively, which eventually led to a decrease in the company ' s single-way income by the same amount, thanks to counter-intra-roll price increases, and an increase in the three-quarter-time single-way net relic ratio.
Fine control, continuous optimization of core costs, 0.36 dollars per single ticket transport cost in the third quarter of 2025, equal to 0.03 dollars less, 0.26 dollars per single ticket transit cost less 0.01 dollars less per year. Three quarters benefit from counter-intra-industry price increases, company profits are returning to positive growth, and the impact of aviation and international operations is eliminated.
This year, as a result of the expansion of the network base and the expansion of the market share, the firm ' s capital expenditure rose significantly to $6.3 billion in the first three quarters, compared to the same amount in " Round Express (600233.sh) - Repressive profit performance and increasing competitiveness " .
The company took the initiative to adjust its business model, with a combined deficit of 206 million dollars in aviation and international operations in the first three quarters of 2025.
Investment proposal: to maintain the profit projection and the “better than the big market” rating; to maintain the profit projection, which is expected to result in a net return profit for the period 2025-2027, respectively
In the short and medium term, a virtuous restoration of unit prices and performance, with a significant competitive advantage, is expected to maintain the company's “better than the big market” rating for long-term investment values. In the third quarter of 2025, the company's performance recovered.
Figure 2: Business income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) in the single-season cycle of round-treasuries. Companies grew faster in volume than industry, with a steady increase in the same-year share of the stock, and the unit price reduction was significantly narrower. In the third quarter of 2025, the percentage point. Price competition in the express-mail sector was gradually white-hot in January-July of this year, but the regulatory layer began to “reverse” in August.
Inner Volume measures, the industry price increases have gradually spread from food-producing areas to most non-food-producing areas, leading companies to increase their revenue by 0.07 and 0.06 per cent in August and September, respectively, resulting in a single delivery revenue of $2.14.
The firm has continued to optimize its core costs by deepening its cost-restrictive controls, with a single transport cost of 0.36 dollars in the third quarter of 2025, a decrease of 0.03 dollars in the same year, a transfer cost of 0.26 dollars, a decrease of 0.01 million dollars in the same year.
After positive growth, excluding the impact of aviation and international operations, the net return on the third quarter of couriers contributed to a similar increase of 0.15, 0.14 and 0.13, respectively. As a result of the expansion of the network base, the firm ' s capital expenditure rose significantly this year, with $6.3 billion in the first three quarters, compared to the same amount.
Figure 6: The recitation of the change in the net profit (in dollars) in the express delivery of a single ticket is beneficial to the repair of the unit price and performance, and the circular has a significant competitive advantage by looking at the value of the company's long-term investment price and maintaining the company's “better than the big market” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject