In the first three quarters, the company disclosed revenue of 37.8 billion, an increase of 71 per cent over the previous quarter, a net profit of 2.89 billion, an increase of 74 per cent over the same period, a gain of 16.4 billion yuan for the q3 quarter, an increase of 62 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 1.39 billion over the same period, an increase of 67 per cent.
The company had previously predicted a 50-60 per cent increase in net profit returns in the first three quarters, and a 1.390 billion gain in the first three quarters, a 67 per cent increase in net profit returns in the other three quarters, a 67 per cent increase in the same period.
The net profit rate for the same quarter was 8.98 per cent, an increase of 0.47 pct, an increase of 1.58 pcc over the same period, and the company's profitability continued to be raised.
In addition, corporate R & D investment has continued to increase, with 1.3 billion dollars in research and development in the first quarter of q3, an increase of 63 per cent over the previous quarter, ring-to-airpods, full-blown over-expected products of large clients, and continued to be released in q2 and q3 on upgrades in the first half of the year, and with an increase in asp relative to old money.
q4 major clients are expected to release a new generation of airpods, adding heavy-pound functions like noise reduction, while charging boxes with colour, increasing, with 60 million sales expected throughout the year, a smooth climb of new production lines and a further increase in profitability as the rate increases. At the same time, apples are not a small year, and we know that iPhones actually sell.
The same rise, the start-up of more iPhone products year-round, audio, motor, wireless charge, antenna, etc. Performance prospects are higher than expected, and the year-round high growth is better supported by the q4 ' s need to amortize the cost of more equity incentives, etc.
q4 has continued to enjoy a very high public price of 1.002475 as the absolute main provider of the noise-reduction version of the airpods has been released. The company is moving well on a multiplicity of iPhone products, with an increase of $4.1 billion in the q3 stock compared to the q2 ring.
D.A.: 19h1 performance meets expectations, big clients are new, mainly preparing for new products from large clients and will be sold in q4. Looking ahead, next year, with the continued hot selling of airpods and the release of the 5g version of iPhone, corporate big customers will grow in logic, while communications are expected to break out, and
2. Accurate (002475) company annual report reviews: Andre clients have opened year-round to ensure high corporate growth. 19q1 performance meets expectations, big clients are making new business progress.
We believe that companies still underestimate and give a “recommended” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.