High growth continues to validate the growth logic, take a good look at the new business model of the company, strongly recommend (maintain) Li Xing (Research Assistant)
37,836 million yuan, yoy70.96 per cent, net profit to the mother of 2,888 million yuan, yoy74.26 per cent, ongoing validation of profitability generated by business activities, high growth in consumer electronics, automobiles and communications.
The financial indicators are further validated. The quarterly operating profitability rate of 2018q1-2019q3 (the operating profit rate minus the net return on investment return and fair value changes) was 5.55 per cent, 8.51 per cent, 10.25 per cent, 9.5 per cent, 0.55 pct, respectively, further improved profitability. Further split, the company ' s 2019q1-q3 Māri rate was slightly lower.
Youy70.96%), leading to a cost-side improvement (2019q1-q3 sales rate + management rate + research and development costs + e-business side, we believe that the company's business position is strong and has sufficient capacity to support end-of-end airpods sales, which is expected to increase to 38.21% this year.
The motor business will also continue to benefit from an increase in the share of large clients. On the side of the communications business, we believe that the company will benefit from the nationalization of the communications equipment, that the company connector and connection line operations are expected to outpace growth, and that the station antenna filter operation will benefit from the construction of the 5g base station.
Businesses are growing continuously, and high R & D inputs are looking forward to new business expansion, which is better than in the last three years, indicating a sustained increase in the company’s operational capacity. At the same time, R & D by 2019q1-q3 is well documented - sophisticated (002475) - company depth - multi-business
At a cost of $1.306 billion, an increase of 66.42 per cent over the same period, and in combination with the company's experience and learning ability in the integration of highly sophisticated systems, we look at the company's diverse business development, such as airpods and spk/rcv, antennae, wireless chargers, etc. At 5g, three key technologies, such as super-intensity grids, massivemimo and millimetres, make mobile phones and basics available.
With high performance, a new ecological model for corporate business, a change in the architecture of side antennas and materials, we believe that companies now have enough technological reserves to capture this industry, growth to validate the growth logic, and a new business model for companies.
Controlled investment driven by a significant improvement in the company's performance.
3.43 times the efficiency of the subsidiary ' s operations, based on the financial data reported by the company. The main subsidiary ' s revenue and growth performance has improved significantly.
Efficient M&As to build positive feedback systems for the "component module & terminal" product model. Companies have a strong market position in consumer electronic connectors and technological experience in research and development, which can be used as a basis for extending to other operations such as connectors, loudspeakers and antennas.
We believe that the company has evolved into a positive feedback ecosystem around large customers, using efficient M&As as a means of transforming the product model into the “end end of the module” and moving from the consumer electronic end to the communications and automobile end.
The positive feedback system, while giving companies room to grow, effectively reduces the risks of corporate business and technology overlap. In absolute terms, we use pegs to value companies.
In view of the diversity of the company and its leadership, we give the company a 1.1, in conjunction with a reasonable margin of appreciation of 15.96 per cent over the next two years, and maintain the company's “very recommended” rating.
Increased research experience, emphasis on research and analysis of industrial chains, efforts to extract investment value from industrial supply and demand analysis and marginal changes in industrial chains, and numerous invitations to participate in Forum Forum exchanges at national summits, strategic advisory exchanges of listed enterprises and corporate strategic advisory assignments.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City