Three-quarterly reports are over-expected, growing momentum, and the company released three-quarter reports in 2019: $37,836 million in revenue in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
70.96 per cent; net return to the mother is 2,888 million yuan, an increase of 74.26 per cent over the same period; performance is higher than expected in the quarter of the third quarter, and increases are higher throughout the year. The company ' s semi-annual report anticipates a positive return to the mother in the quarter of the year, a positive increase due to a substantial breakthrough in the company ' s new market/new customers/new products, with output per product on the one hand.
The wiring continues to grow across the board, iphone antennas, motors, wireless chargers and acoustics, the volume of airpods is increasing, communications product categories and customers are expanding rapidly, automobile electronics are developing steadily around wire beams, connectors, electronic modules, embedded infusion features, etc., on the other hand,
Corporate improvements in internal precision management, resource efficiency gains are evident. According to three quarterly reports, refinements in management efficiency are expected, and operating financial indicators are continuously optimized. Companies continuously strengthen internal accounting periods, upgrade automation and IT system capabilities, control capital expenditures, and achieve significant results.
Operational financial indicators are optimal. Three-quarter single-season Māori rates are 22.07%, a 0.12pc increase, a 2.58pc increase in the ring; a 8.98% increase in the net interest rate, a 0.46pc increase and a 1.57pc increase in the ring. From the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period, net cash flows generated by corporate operations amounted to $6.11 billion, a year-on-year increase.
High R & D investment in rooting technology, 5g aid for new product development. 5g commercial year 2019, with the maturity of 5g terminal technology, 5g mobile phone penetration is expected to increase significantly in 2020 and is expected to expand in 2020.
Higher R & D inputs will help companies expand their new products and ensure their long-term competitiveness. Given the continued high growth in corporate performance, the first three quarters have achieved a net return of $2.888 billion, exceeding expectations.
Apple sales have declined; imports of new products have been lower than expected; customers have not sold their non-mobile products less than expected.
Wang Da-ting.