q3's performance is over-expected, and the precision makes the best of the best. 22 October 2019.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved revenue of 37.836 billion yuan, an increase of 70.96 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 2,888 million yuan in the return to the mother, an increase of 74.26 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 2,738 million yuan in the deduction from the return to the mother.
q3 performed faster than previously expected. Previously, the company expected the upper limit for the first three quarters of the year in its semi-annual report. On a quarterly basis, the benefits of airpods sales and imports of new items, such as wireless charging, motors, etc., achieved a net return profit of 1.386 billion yuan, up from an all-time high.
@dgzq.com.cn The business is going well, making the best of the best. The company has many years of sophisticated manufacturing experience from making a connector, expanding horizontally around precision.
Three main lines of business, including sub-, telecommunications, and auto-electronics. The first three quarters of the year, the company's three main lines of business went well, consumer electronics continued to increase penetration, communications products continued to grow rapidly at the end of the class and client, and auto-electronics continued to revolve around wire beams, connectors, electronic modules, embedding.
There is a steady growth in the more complete zero-component product lines, such as plastics. The success of the main operations has led to a significant improvement in the Division’s key financial indicators, with the company selling a net interest rate of 8.98 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared to a positive q4 package, which is expected to be optimistic throughout the year.
q4 q4 new supplies are expected to bring new profitable growth points to companies. On the one hand, companies optimize their internal fine management in an effort to maximize resource efficiency, and, on the other hand, firms increase their investment in business outreach and package R & D, increasing R & D costs by 66.42 per cent over the reporting period and planning their paths for medium- and long-term products.
The company’s outlook q4 is expected to be optimistic, with a net return profit of $3.948 billion forecast and investment proposals expected to be realized throughout the year. The company’s large clients are expected to release airpods with reduced noise in q4.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.