Three-quarterly reports are over-expected, growth is strong, and three-quarterly reviews (002475.sz) are accurate. Company ratings: increase (maintenance)
The company published its three-quarter report in 2019. The first three quarters of 2019 saw business start-up, with 74.26 per cent more than the previous quarter; the third quarter, with revenue, with 61.86 per cent more than the previous quarter.
Research Assistant: Wei Daes has maintained high growth in 1.q3 performance and continued optimization of financial data.
Sales are higher than expected, and spare parts, such as motors, acoustics, are profitable. Companies are qualified for portfolio investment consulting; communications are profitable at 5g.
A steady increase, with net operating cash flows of +194 per cent, sales fees of 0.95 pcts less than year-on-year, inventory and total asset turnover of 1, and sophisticated in-depth study of the layout of multiple areas
Financial indicators continue to be optimized, corporate profitability is further improved, sound semi-annual reviews - a single outbreak leads to optimistic year-round performance and clear growth logic. Companies look forward to year-round performance.
High growth, with a strong future perspective of 190821: a new generation of airpods is on the market, and the heat of the product is expected to rise further: 20 years of iphone is expected to undergo a major recapitalization and wireless refilling.
Parts and components such as electricity, motors, etc. will maintain a high level of growth; companies are actively equipped to wear equipment, and 10t equipment penetration is expected to continue to increase.
With regard to consumer electronics, new products from companies will be phased out in the future, with a steady increase in sub-account operating income as smart equipment upgrades and product excellence rises. New products such as acoustics, radio frequency, motors, opticals, etc.
Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components are early business at the end of the company pc, with a shift to the industry and a shift in the company ' s business centre. The business ' s share of the main business has declined, and is expected to remain steady in the future. The company ' s layout, connections, antennas, etc., are partially integrated into the supply chain system of the core manufacturer, with 5g
The company continues to invest in the automobile sector, and the business has grown rapidly in recent years, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as cars become electronic.
Other connectors operate in a relatively small proportion to remove connection products from the main areas of disaggregation mentioned above. Open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.