Rapid growth in performance, with the introduction of a new equity incentive - annual report rating for 2021 for office in Kanshan (6881.sh) Business income increased by 45.07 per cent over the year and net profit from non-repatriation increased by 37.32 per cent over the same period
In 2021, the company achieved a good business performance of $3.280 billion, an increase of 23.10 per cent in the same year. In the main business, domestic personal office service subscriptions earned $1,465 million, an increase of 44.20 per cent in the same year; and domestic institutional subscriptions and services generated $446 million, an increase in the same year.
Net advertising and other businesses generated $406 million, a decrease of 3.01 per cent over the same period.The number of active equipment per month increased steadily, with the cumulative number of individual users paying annual fees reaching 2.537 million in 2021, and the company was able to hold on to a steady increase in the number of active equipment per month for major products.
Continue to optimize the functionality experience, promote user cloudization, increase the use of fee-paying functions, and promote a continuous increase in the number of users. By the end of 2021, the number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product was 544 million, which is 14.05% more than the same year. Of this, 219 million were monthly active equipment for the wpsofficepc version, which is higher than the same year.
By the end of 2021, the company’s performance had been evaluated quickly: performance growth had been expected and the agency’s authorized operations had broken out.
The launch of the 2022 equity incentive scheme has helped companies achieve long-term development goals.
A report on the strategy of the computer industry in the National Dollar Securities Industry 2022: Number of companies that propose to award one million restricted shares to the incentive audience, which will be around 1 million shares in the draft incentive plan announcement.
The Incentives program helps to motivate employees to exercise their subjective energy to achieve their long-term development objectives. The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, and, driven by policy, is already home-grown software.
The company’s operating income is now growing rapidly, with more investment in R & D, markets, etc., and a net profit margin. The number of payers is growing less than expected: the national production substitution process is lower than expected; other companies are moving into office.
The market for software and increased competition in the market.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.