Equity incentives boost confidence, national production and cloud office taps accelerate growth 24 March 2022.
Higher performance growth, high performance of contractual liabilities Active corporate deployment of multiple areas such as the political, business and education markets, expansion of ecological cooperation, upgrading of ecological partnerships, and further enhancement of their public cloud capacity, to power suppliers,
Various sectors, such as retailing, engineering construction, educational institutions, etc., have expanded and business users have become more sticky and productive, while the IT industry has entered a period of dynamism and has significantly expanded its market space under policy.
A marked increase in demand for government and business users, and a strong order for corporate current office software products, has accelerated the penetration of corporate innovation products, prompting domestic agencies to authorize business to continue their explosive growth. As the demand for enterprise-level user data management and the need for industry to digitize has gradually emerged, it has become apparent that companies will need more than they do.
The company is expected to open up the growth space and sustain high growth in its performance in the future.
Kim Shan Office (688111) Head of Homemade Office Software Rises
The operating cash flow has continued to grow and the cost has remained stable.
\triangleright 2017-2021 Business cash flows continued to grow, with the company achieving an operating cash flow of $1,864 million in 2021, an increase of 23.12 per cent over the same period, which was generally positive. In terms of cost rates, the cost of company sales was 2021
The company's current incentive scheme proposes to award a limited $10.00 million share to the incentive audience, of which $80.0 million will be awarded for the first time, representing about 0.17 per cent of the total equity of the company at the time of the draft incentive announcement; and 20 million shares will be set aside, representing about this incentive.
The second type of incentive targets six people, mainly core managers and technologists. This equity incentive, on the one hand, contributes to the deep binding of the company’s core cadres and, on the other hand, helps to increase the sense of belonging of the company’s staff, improves the overall firm’s performance by establishing clear criteria for the appraisal and further enhances the firm’s certainty of its future performance.
Once a year, targets and triggers are set. As required by the company, if the company’s user base continues to expand, user willingness to pay increases. As at 31 December 2021, the number of monthly active equipment for the company’s main product was 544 million, up from the same period the previous year.
For example, the Wpsofficepc version has 219 million monthly active equipment, an increase of 15.87 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the mobile version has 321 million monthly active equipment, an increase of 13.83 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The company’s user base continues to expand, and user willingness to pay increases, helping the company to build a wider moat and increase its profitability.
The alternative logic of national production creates an enabling development window for companies, and government procurement accelerates the wps penetration process \triangleright, where governments support home-grown software enterprise development through a variety of means, including policy and finance, in the context of alternative national production.
In addition, public procurement has accelerated the penetration of wps in the domestic market, and rapid increases in market ownership have helped firms to accelerate their growth and provide strong guarantees for their future performance.
In addition, the company has taken the lead in providing a robust layout of mobile end-products to move end-to-end as a flow entrance to achieve a synergistic growth of Wps mobile end-to-end and Wps desktop end product users; and is actively pursuing a cloudization strategy based on the Totogen Cloud, which is more secure with data than overseas enterprises and is expected to open the company ' s second growth curve.
In the context of national production substitution, domestic production software has reached a window of development, accompanied by a rise in national copyright awareness and payment capacity, which has led to a further increase in the profitability of domestic software firms. Companies actively promote technological and product innovation, as well as the risk of downstream industry volatility, the underdevelopment of companies and the spread of the new crown epidemic.
In 2020, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep cloud coverage, Ishiyoje, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, 8th degree in English. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation Mri Research Centre, which was responsible for motor block research. He joined the Susa Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, where he worked on communications and Internet research, covering, inter alia, vehicle networking and goods.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing industry chains, and the Internet.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.