The income growth rate was 40 per cent higher, the contract liability was high and growth potential was evident \triangleright personal user, product power was constantly increasing, leading to robust monthly growth, and the number of user fees was 30 per cent higher.
The \triangleright population increased by nearly 30 per cent over the same period; the number of documents uploaded on the cloud was about 130 billion, a 45 per cent increase over the same year, compared with the personal office service subscriptions revenue of 1,465 million yuan, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Corporate clientele, a growing number of start-up operations and a steady expansion of institutional subscriptions. 1) The government-initiated, public \triangleright Division not only better caters to clients ' national production replacement needs, but also has a collaborative response capacity from the middle of the document.
By providing enabling services for digital government projects such as Yunnan, linkages have been achieved between different businesses. (2) Industry, Innovative Business, where companies are located on a number of large banking projects, has been able to interface with the IT platform oa products. In 2021, domestic institutions authorized operating revenues of $962 million, an increase of 107 per cent.
With regard to the domestic political and corporate market, companies have acquired a number of major clients in the areas of government, telecommunications, energy, finance, etc., and have also been expanding the educational, retail and other sectors, and institutional subscriptions have continued to grow.
(a) Income from service operations of $446 million, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
2. Office in Kimshan (688111): continued high income for the second quarter: high growth and high quality of operations
4. Office in Kamshan (688111). The cloud transformation was fruitful, with a long-term growth of about 2021q3 of about 20%. Contract liabilities are an important indicator of Saas’ ability to grow, and the high level of debt on contracts suggests that the company’s business is still growing rapidly and its potential for future growth is promising.
Kim Shan Office (688111): High performance growth, enterprise level Investment proposal: The company is the leader of the national production of saas in the field of office software and will be a full-fledged, large-scale organization.
\triangleright habits, payment habits, etc. can be influenced by competitors. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.