The 21-year growth rate is up to expectations, the business is on the fast track, the 21-year report is up to expectations, and the company, as the leader of its domestic office software, continues to innovate and expand its products.
Lines, cloud office ecology, are expected to continue to benefit from mobile office and software domestication. We appreciate the company's high growth in the area of office software, with a “buy-in” rating.
908 million yuan, an increase of 19.82 per cent in the same year, and $193 million in the net return to the mother, an increase of 32.64 per cent in the same year; the main reason for the decline in net profit was the increase in research and development by 49.68 per cent, resulting in the same cost of research and development compared to the future growth capacity of Saas, which indicates that the company is in a rapid period of business development and future revenue collection.
Business start-up growth, steady monthly growth of users and simultaneous growth of institutional and individual users: In the area of business, companies achieved an authorized operating income of $962 million for domestic institutions during the reporting period, an increase of 107.1 per cent compared to the 107.1 per cent, reflecting the fast-paced and long-term political transition of the country's IT industry supported by policies.
• Participation in digital government projects: institutional subscriptions, corporate subscriptions and services during the reporting period
Business income was 446 million yuan, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the number of publicly owned cloud market registered businesses was over 1 million and the number of users was sticky. Personal users earned 1,465 million yuan in subscription to personal office services during the reporting period, an increase of 44.20 per cent over the same period the previous year, mainly as a result of the company ' s monthly users.
At the end of 2021, the company’s main product was active monthly, with a total of 544 million, an increase of 14.05 per cent over the same period; the company’s cumulative annual payments to individual members amounted to 2,537,000, an increase of 29.31 per cent over the same period, with individuals and users of small and medium-sized enterprises uploading to clouds through public clouds.
In order to optimize the user's experience, the company's strategic contraction of the Internet advertising business during the reporting period resulted in a decline of 3.01 per cent in revenue over the same period, which further contributed to the clear performance of the draft equity incentive and contributed to the company's long-term development: the company's plan was intended to be managed at the core.
A total of 127 personnel, technical cadres and 1 million restricted shares, representing a significant share of total equity, will help companies to bind core technical cadres and promote long-term risk alerts: 1, new product development is not as high as expected; and 2, digitized business transformation and demand are low.
Q: Three, the risk of increased competition in the market.
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate as described in the report; @ comment or stand, or buy, sell, or offer a certificate as described in the report.
25 March 2022