KIMshan Office (688111): Industry is in a good state, deepening the cloud strategy to build the platform for take-off, KIMshan Office
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software-related products and services.
People ' s subscriptions generated income of 1,465 million, an increase of 44.20 per cent over the same period; institutions ' subscriptions and service operations realized office capacity of wpsoffice office software, gold mountain files, etc. 446 million, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the same period; and institutions ' delegated operations generated revenue of 962 million, an increase over the same period
Product matrices and the Digital Office Platform solution. 107.10 per cent: Internet advertising promotion services and other operations realized a decrease of $406 million.
Profit growth is lower than revenue, mainly due to higher non-recurrent gains and losses, such as last year’s fiscal returns, and the fact that companies are in a critical period of transition and high R & D inputs are maintained. But, while short-term profits are high during the transition period, the clouding trend has led to better growth in firms over the long term and will be accompanied by future trends in technology products
Total equity/flowa shares (millions) are mature and R & D inputs are expected to remain stable, so long-term corporate development is still in place.
Personal subscription operations: The cumulative number of user fees increased to 2.537 million in 2021, a 29.31 per cent increase in the same year, and the growth of user fees led to higher income from individual subscriptions. In the context of the epidemic, the cloud office and collaborative office model is rapidly spreading, thus creating a constant demand for collaborative sharing based on the cloud.
(b) Institutionally mandated business aspects: industry innovation is entering a life cycle, driven by policy guidance and a dual-engine approach to industry demand, industry credit penetration is increasing, and financial innovation is a key leader in the year
A number of pilot projects have been launched to promote the development of the IT industry, companies have gained consensus among their clients, such as a two-way board, exchange, bank, voucher, and so on, and the growth of demand by government users has accelerated the penetration of corporate innovation products.
The trend towards cloud collaboration and digitalization has remained unchanged, building a platform for growth take-off. 1) On the part of individual users, the number of users and the number of payers in the post-epidemiology era has slowed, but client-office and cloud collaboration practices are being developed, with the added value of corporate products and services increasing in the future, and individual subscriptions to business over the platform.
However, the cumulative number of users is only 2.537 million, and there is still room for penetration; (2) the government and business sector have benefited from the start-up, and corporate and, in particular, the increase in the number of authorized businesses, highlighting the company’s market recognition and leadership. The future “Cloud Office, Collaborative Office” model will deepen, according to the Irey Advisory Report, and the co-location of the City.
S1480070040 Research Assistant: over 20% Chang Yongja and the need for digital transformation of the company's downstream customers, the company then docked to the southern grid,
Dozens of China mobile, China-connected, transport banks, merchant banks, Taikang insurance, General Group, etc. s14812107050 Digital transformation needs of large-scale business clients, and companies are expected to capture office space as the flagship of Yun's office
Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings: companies are expanding their credit markets in the industry, and client cases continue to fall. A firm cloud of strategic direction remains, with high R & D inputs forming the basis for medium- and long-term output.
KIMshan Office (688111): Business is well established, deep-seated cloud strategy is building a platform for take-off, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Kim Shan Office (688111): The industry is well established, deepening the cloud strategy to build a platform for take-off
The two-year experience of Wave Group engineers and the five-year experience of computer research in the voucher vendor industry was honoured with a 2021 study of track investments in high-profile industries, such as the Golden Valium Computer Bureau, block chains, etc.
In-depth research in the area of breakdown. Zhang Young-ja's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.