Annual Report 2021: Performance meets expectations, IT advances, will accelerate product penetration at the end of b.
The net profit of $840 million, an increase of 37.32 per cent over the previous year, is in line with our expectations: in 2021, the company continued to strengthen its individual user depth cloud service, resulting in an annual income of 1,465 million yuan, or +44.2 per cent.
The number of corresponding monthly living equipment continues to grow at a high rate, with the number of user fees growing rapidly. In 2021, the number of monthly active equipment of the company’s main product was 544 million, or +14.05 per cent, of which 219 million at the end of pc, or more than 7 million. We expect that the company’s individual subscriptions will continue to grow at a high rate.
▪ The speed of the start-up process is expected to accelerate the company’s penetration rate at the end of b: in 2021, domestic institutions authorized operating revenues of $962 million, or +107%. The reasons for the rapid growth in corporate authorized operations are that, if there is a significant expansion in the market space based on policy, there is a marked increase in the demand of government users and corporate flows.
In 2021, companies generated $446 million, or +23 per cent, in subscriptions and services. In the political and business markets, companies contributed to the digital transformation of government departments and clients in key sectors such as finance, energy, and operators.
The company will also develop a well-developed e-government application system for the relevant government departments in the provinces, making efficient use of electronic document previews, writings, layouts, editing, approvals, circulation, etc.
This year, the company’s business development at the end of b/g. ▪ contract liabilities have increased, highlighting the company’s potential for growth: the company’s pre-sales class has grown at a high rate of 20% in 2021. The high rate of growth in contractual liabilities reflects the stickyness of individuals and business users to cloud-collaborative offices.
The process of cloudization of the entire subscription operation is accelerating, along with the follow-up cloud files, which help companies upgrade their products, and the company’s roll-out of the institutional subscriptions is expected to take place.
▪ The draft equity incentives are clear-cut and look forward to the long-term development of the company: the company released a draft equity stimulus for 2022, involving 127 persons, including core managers and technical cadres, and proposed to award one million restricted shares to the incentive audience, which will be around the time of the announcement of the draft incentive plan
We believe that the company, as the leader of its domestic office software, this year’s credit creation, online office acceleration, cloud speed 2021-05-11 drive high performance growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board