Performance growth is in line with expectations, with agency-mandated business surge growth - quick performance report for 2021 for the Kimshan office (68811.sh)
Operating income and net non-mortality profits grew rapidly, with contract liabilities increasing by 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and in 2021, the company continued its firm pursuit of the “multiscreen, cloud, content, ai, collaboration” strategy with the user's total equity (millions of shares):
First, the concept of technology development has grown robustly and has reaped good business performance. Companies achieve business income. Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): Clouds and collaborative office landscape products and services are constantly rich, and individual and business users work together.
The continuous increase in stickyness has accelerated the process of clouding the subscriptions of domestic individuals and domestic institutions; at the end of the reporting period, total corporate contract liabilities exceeded $1.6 billion, an increase of more than 70 per cent over the same period; subscriptions were well developed and agency-mandated operations showed an explosive growth.
(a) Individual subscriptions: with the continuous expansion of the user base in the individual user market, companies promote long-term transformation of users through a variety of approaches, such as enriching product functions, optimizing service quality and upgrading free storage space for personal cloud files, and generate about 1,465 million yuan in operating income from individual subscriptions in the country;
2. Institutional subscriptions: As the product of political and business users becomes more and more cloudy, the Department ' s penetration in the political and business markets will increase effectively, and domestic institutional subscriptions and service delivery will be achieved.
In-depth, there is a strong order for corporate current software products, and domestic agencies have authorized operations to earn about RMB 96.2 billion, an increase of about 107 per cent over the same period. 4) Internet advertising and other business: companies continue to maintain a strategic attitude, and Internet advertising and other businesses have generated about RMB 406 million, a decrease of 3 per cent over the same period.
"Study by the Société générale d ' écurité à l ' état " (68811.sh) " Tri-Kinsan Digital Office Platform 2021, re-enactment of the full-scale digitalization of the offices of large organizations " . Quarterly reports: good overall performance, high growth in subscription income.
On 22 December 2021, the “Golden Hill Digital Office Congress” was held in Beijing, where the company released a series of new products: a new generation of collaborative fairs based on document conversations, integration of collaborative services - Kimshan Collaboration: an enhanced version of the form software designed for multi-person collaborative scenes - light-dimensional table: new
A generation of knowledge management tools, the Golden Mountain Knowledge Bank, etc.., so the company has developed a comprehensive organizational office capability, a matrix of military forces, covering the entire life cycle of digital offices, and helping large organizations to quickly complete their own people and workers.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, and, driven by policy, is already in the spring and there is much room for sustained growth in the future.
Chang Yu Ting Growth, higher cost inputs for R & D, market, etc., and low net profitability, so the use of ps valuation method The number of user fees increased less than expected: the national production substitution process was lower than expected; other companies entered the office
The market for software and increased competition in the market.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.