Personal subscription performance is bright, and the high contractual liability predicts growth potential \triangleright personal subscription performance is bright, and the start-up business doubles. 1) Personal subscription: accompanied
\triangleright The user base of the individual user market continues to expand, and companies promote users through a variety of ways, including the enrichment of product functions \ \ subscriptions: companies continue to do so through initiatives such as widening ecological access, improving product systems and upgrading service experiences
The promotion of traditional independent office-to-collaborative and collaborative office-to-business transformations among government and business users has also contributed to the development of company-to-business subscriptions at the end of the company. In 2021, domestic institutional subscriptions and services generated about $446 million in operating income, an increase of about 23 per cent compared to the previous year.
In 2021, companies earned $841 million in non-mortality net profits, an increase of 37.47 per cent in the same year; the weighted average net asset return reached 2021.
The net profit from the acquisition of digital web-based investments has grown faster, and we believe that the net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation is more reflective of the fact that the company operates.
At the same time, according to the announcement, the total liability for corporate contracts was more than $1.6 billion, an increase of 70 per cent over the previous year, compared with 2021: high-speed growth continued, high-quality operations increased, indicating the increasing stickyness and willingness of individuals and institutions to subscribe to business, and the company's future business.
3. Office in Kanshan (688111): The cloud transformation has been very fruitful, long-term transformation of the layout ecology, full-scale digital transformation of the large-scale organizations.
At the meeting, the company released a series of new products, including the Golden Mountain Collaboration, the Light Vigilometer and the Golden Mountain Knowledge Bank, which produced a 20-year organizational capacity matrix for the Golden Mountain Office (688111), covering the full life cycle of digital offices, and a fast-track completion team for large organizations.
In addition, the Golden Mountain Digital Office platform has been launched to support large, mega- and large organizations, including governments, state corporations, corporations, and corporations of scale, and to create an exclusive digital office platform.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the national production of saas in the field of office software, a future transformation of the layout ecology, and a full-scale \triangleright digital transformation of the office of large organizations, which is expected to further enhance the company’s ability to grow.
\triangleright habits, payment habits, etc. may be influenced by competitors.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.