(b) The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company published its annual report for 2021, which generated a revenue of $3.28 billion, an increase of 45.1 per cent over the previous year;
Realization of a net return to the mother of $1.04 billion, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the previous year; realization of a net profit of $840 million after deduction, a positive increase of 37.3 per cent compared with the 37.3 per cent corresponding to the 37.3 per cent corresponding to the 37.3 per cent increase in the corporate cloud transformation process and the overall mixed expectation of performance. Business concentration has been steadily adjusted, with subscriptions accounting for more than half of the total.
Real income of $1.91 billion, or 58.3 per cent, has been significant in the transition. 1) Individual subscriptions: 1.47 billion yuan, an increase of 44.2 per cent over the same period.
In addition, the company’s liability at the end of 2021 reached $1.42 billion, an increase of 70.6 per cent.
Once again, the pace of the company’s clouding transformation has accelerated, laying a solid foundation for the release of subsequent performance. Q.S. is deepening the business, authorizing a doubling of business growth. The company’s agency has authorized the business to raise 960 million yuan, an increase of 107.1 per cent over the reporting period.
The adaptation of systems such as production cpu, operating systems, etc., has not only resulted in strong orders from government and corporate customers, but has also matched the digital transformation needs of the South Korean electricity grid, China’s mobile, transport, and caller banks, among others. With the continued opening and deepening of the future IT industry, the penetration of companies’ products is expected to increase further.
The company's Internet advertising promotion service and other businesses have achieved a revenue of 410 million, a 3.0% reduction from the same time. The company has continued to make strategic adjustments to move from quantity to quality by actively reducing the number and frequency of advertising places.
One million restricted shares were awarded to 127 core managers and technical cadres, accounting for about 10% of the total equity stock of the company. The launch of the new equity incentive programme is expected to motivate core staff, the company’s future strategy, and the company, as the sole leader of the national production office software, will continue to benefit from the push and the cloud.
At the same time, companies are building richer offices (688111) in response to the digital transformation needs of the b-side industry: excellent business indicators, cloud and collaborative office product matrix, a digital office platform released in 2021 with good deployment potential,
Good profit release (2021-11-01) Rapid growth of subscriptions is expected, end-of-cycle subscription conversion rates have the potential to be dug up, subsequent growth rate 2. Kimshan office (688111): authorization + subscription double rotation
Individual subscriptions: Corporate c-products are structured around a transformation strategy from tools to services, continuously enhancing product functionality, optimizing user experience, with an income formula of “monthly active user * fee conversion *arpu value”, accompanied by the enrichment of the company's product function
2) Institutional subscriptions and services: the company actively promotes the transformation of institutional clients from traditional stand-alone to cloud-based and collaborative office, and the heavyweight product, the Golden Mountain Digital Office Platform, released in late 2021, has created a fully open enabling and adapted co-operative solution to various cloud-based and private environments, which is expected to be phased out in 2022 and is expected to increase revenue in 2022-2024
3) Institutional mandates: company products have been adapted to various systems such as national product cpu, operating systems, with the downswing and deepening of party political innovations, the start of the scale of industrial innovations, the promise of corporate agency authorization of operations to benefit from the high speed of innovation 4) Internet advertising and others: follow-up companies are expected to continue to make strategic adjustments and take initiatives to reduce the number and delivery of advertising slots
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.