The business structure is gradually being optimized and growth is sustainable Events: in 2021, the company achieved $3.280 billion in operating income, an increase of 45.07 per cent over the same period; in 2021, the individual subscription business continued to grow rapidly and the membership structure was further optimized.
By the end of 2021, wpsoffice and Golden Hills had combined 544 million, with annual growth of 14.05 per cent, quarterly ring growth of 4.41 per cent, and nearly seven quarters since the outbreak, of which Wpsofficepc had reached a high level.
219 million, an annual increase of 15.87 per cent and a quarterly increase of 6.31 per cent; wpsoffice mobile version of Kimsan office, 321 million; annual increase of 13.83 per cent and quarterly increase of 3.22 per cent; cumulative annual payments
The number of user fees per person amounted to 2,537,000, an increase of 29.31% over the same year, of which the number of super-members exceeded 7 million, or 27%, and the overall rate of payments and arpu deserved improvement. We believe that the company’s focus on products to increase the penetration of its members and its use of sticky, and the effect of facilitating the transition from short- to long-term users of payments is gradually going to come about.
Corporate subscriptions are growing steadily, and the amount of IT-enabling business authorized is increasing. With the digitalization and cloudization of corporate clients, corporate domestic subscriptions and services generated $446 million in 2021.
This represents an increase of 23.40%, which is expected to become a new engine for the growth of institutional subscriptions as the digital office platform’s product matrix becomes richer and more powerful. The benefits policy has been catalytic, the information market space has expanded significantly, the demand for government and business users has increased significantly, and corporate-style office software products have been well ordered, and innovation products have increased.
The contract liability supports performance release and equity incentives to tie out the core talent.
In addition, the company issued a draft equity incentive plan for 2022, with a proposed investment limit of 1 million shares: maintain the “buy-in” rating. We expect the company to return to its net profit in 2022-2024 at 66 times, 43 times and 32 times, respectively.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants acquire the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and to charge services directly or indirectly.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and objectivity.