24 March 2022 Introduction of business service transformation results, Office of Kim Shan (68811.sh)
The creation of an enabling business needs release U Xiaocing's net profit from the non-repatriation of $840 million, an increase of 37.32 per cent over the same year.
The company issued its annual report for 2021, reporting 37.32 per cent, and the performance was as expected. At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s contractual liability was 1,421 million yuan.
Individual office service subscriptions: a robust growth indicator, an increase in the proportion of long-term user fees and an increase in user stickyness. At the end of the reporting period, the number of monthly living equipment for major products was 544 million.
29.31%; cumulatively, the number of super-members exceeds 7 million annually and the number of documents stored on the user cloud is about 130 billion. The results of the company ' s transformation from tools to services are initially visible.
At the end of the reporting period, corporate agencies had authorized operations to generate revenues of $962 million, an increase of 107.1 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the reporting period, the Department achieved $446 million in corporate subscriptions and services, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the same period;
The number of publicly registered companies in the cloud market is over millions, expanding to a wide range of industries such as electric power, retail, engineering and engineering, and educational infrastructure, building up experience in large enterprises such as the Welink, Shanghai Airport, etc., and increasing product availability and user stickyness.
The draft annual equity incentive, which proposes one million restricted shares to be awarded to the incentive audience, will contribute to long-term development by taking advantage of the strength and competitiveness of the products of the firm. It will benefit from the opening up of the information-creation alternative industry, looking at the company’s future development, and maintaining the “recommended” approach.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Go is not, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, relevant to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
M.A., University of Sydney, joined the Galactic Securities of China in 2019, mainly in computer/studies investment studies.