Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On the evening of 28 October 2024, the Longing Group issued a 2024 quarterly report, corporate q3 achieved a narrow decline in the price of q3 titanium powder and increased production and sales to improve the corporate performance ring ratio
Since 2024, the titanium powder industry has been affected by weak domestic demand, and downstream careful digestion of stocks has led to the Division’s most important product, which has affected the Māori rate to some extent, with 2024q3 selling 25,81% of Māori and a 0.87 ptt decline in the ring comparison.
Actively expanding the distribution channels, the expected improvement in the production and sales ring ratio has kept revenue and performance rising. Currently, the price of titanium powder is at the bottom of the spectrum, influenced by the low demand for domestic demand and anti-dumping, and we expect to be reduced by high-cost firms within the industry and the industry to be out of stock.
The price of titanium powder is still resilient. The titanium powder industry is more integrated, opening up room for sustained growth.
The development project, which doubled the amount of iron ore resources controlled by the company, in 2024, the company's own mine, titanium ore self-sufficiency rate of about 50 per cent, is currently actively promoting two core projects, the joint development of the two mines in the Red Glands and the development of the Xu Chigu ore ore, and will be further upgraded in the future.
In addition, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework agreement with Sichuan Resources Group, Sichuan Resource Group subsidiary Sichuan Province, Sichuan Industry Investment and Development Co. Ltd.
Controlled red-gold iron ore ore and temple ditch iron ore, which will help to widen the supply channels for future company products, such as raw materials, and enhance the resilience and flexibility of the supply chain. The company’s vertically integrated titanium chain has significant cost advantages, accelerating the deployment of titanium ore and high-end sponges.
Increased sales of titanium powder and expansion of the titanium industry chain titanium projects will provide the company with a second-growth space, and the current situation in the titanium industry is better, (1) the project is not building as fast as expected;
(2) Project approval is not as fast as expected; (3) risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials; and
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.