The titanium powder market is stable and the q3 performance ring is growing.
31 October 2024: 2.97 per cent increase in year-on-year; net return return profit of 2,564 million yuan, 19.68 per cent increase in year-on-year.q3 performance ring increases, resulting in lower costs for the period. q3 achieved revenue in the single quarter.
\triangleright 24q3 titanium powder market is stable, and foreign trade exports are more boosted. According to Begawa, the third quarter of 2024, titanium powder market is dominated by steady movement, with an average market price of 15407.18 ton, compared to the previous season
Highest/minimum in the year: around 1,182,000 tons, demand is mainly dependent on export sharing of domestic demand pressure. A subsidiary competes for prospecting rights to upgrade titanium reserves. A subsidiary has limited titanium minerals.
The company competed in the sum of RMB 9.9 million for a new project on prospecting rights for the survey of titanium mines in Wuding County, Yunnan Province, and signed a letter of confirmation with the Natural Resources and Planning Authority of Chuzhou on the concession of the right to prospecting.
On 13 September, the Northen Minerals and the Chuzhou Natural Resources and Planning Agency signed a concession contract for the right to prospecting. The exploration and exploitation of titanium resources in the region by the company in the future will help to raise the company ' s stocks of titanium resources and enhance the company ' s core competitiveness.
\triangleright,
The company will inevitably bear the risk of fluctuations in the prices of its products and raw materials.
Downstream demand risk: The demand for products depends on a number of factors, and policies such as “supply side structural reform” have been introduced to restructure the economy and improve the quality and quantity of economic growth, which has led to a shift in demand for titanium products from a quantitative to a qualitative focus.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.