q3 Net Profit Ring Upgrade, plus titanium mine consolidation costs - Rong Song Group (002601.sz) incident evaluation report 3-quarter performance report released: Gross operating income achieved in January-September 2024
RMB, 19.68% growth over the same period. Of this, 2024q3 achieved operating income, titanium powder prices remained depressed but overall exports continued to grow, domestic demand weakened, domestic titanium prices fell, and q3 titanium powder prices averaged
For 15407 tons, the ring drops by 4.70%. As a result of the higher withdrawal of overseas titanium powder, the demand for high-quality titanium powder in the international market has increased, domestic titanium powder has been able to continue its search for seaboard opportunities.q3 exports of titanium powder have increased by 11.66%, compared to 11.66%.
At the end of the raw material, the supply of titanium concentrate remains in a tight state, with an average price of $2227 per ton for q3 titanium ore (tio2 ff 46%).
An increase of 0.85%. Against a backdrop of high titanium prices, the company relies on up-and-up titanium resources to support downstream profit growth, leading to a significant three-quarter net profit loop q3 cost control and a steady increase in cash flow.
In terms of the cost of the period, the company ' s q3 sales/management/financial/research and development cost rates are, respectively, due to an increase in exchange rate fluctuations, combined cost rates for the four periods, 1.
In terms of cash flow, 2024q3 companies.
The white industry leads, the cost advantage passes through the industry, and the titanium resources continue to be added up to consolidate the cost advantage of corporate integration.
The company continues to promote titanium reserves through multiple channels. According to the company's announcement, the company's subsidiary, Wuding National titanium Minerals Ltd., won the right to explore the titanium mine survey in Wu Dynasty at $9.9 million, and this new titanium mine will receive one.
A step-by-step increase in the company ' s titanium self-sufficiency rate and a reduction in its dependence on the external market would help the company to maintain a cost advantage in titanium powder production, and its profitability is expected to continue to grow as the raw material self-sufficiency rate rises.
The price of titanium powder fluctuates significantly; the project is not as productive as expected; the price of raw materials rises; downstream demand falls short of expectations; and so forth.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.