The company's product processes are demanding, profitable, and the Māori rate is 50%.
Net interest rate is 30%. Over the past decade, the company's product lines have increased from basic components to high-end non-source devices to high-speed light engine solutions (material costs in the light module have increased from s09805100002).
There is a steady increase in demand in the lightware industry, with new opportunities arising from cross-cutting applications. The global data centre continues to be built as a result of the increase in traffic, and the demand for the light module/lightware market is likely to grow in the future. According to our 52-week maximum/minimum price.
Measuring that the market size of the light module with the powerless light device and the light engine is expected to open up new growth space in new areas like laser radar, medical testing, etc. From 2020 onwards, respectively. Companies have a competitive edge: leading process technology, efficient management systems, and excellent resource integration.
Communications have three core competitive advantages: (i) leading processes and precision manufacturing capabilities based on the design of nanoscale super-precision molds, product performance in high accuracy, consistency, data dispersion, and high client recognition; and (ii) efficient plant management systems that guarantee high rates and high returns.
(iii) extraordinary resource integration: companies have a deep understanding of the industry, continuously integrate internal and external technologies and resources, and build platform-based technology companies. Future growth: the growth of the unsourced product line is steadily growing, and high-speed light engines open up the space for growth.
In the application market, the company has a laser radar collar, Telecom (300394.sz) -- continued robustly under quarterly pressure, high-speed light engines.
Fields are constantly laid out, and small quantities of goods are available, which represents an important growth potential for follow-up.
Mobil Communications - 300394 - 2021: A Rapid Performance Review: Significant Improvements in Performance, Mobil Communications - 300394 - Critical Events Rapid Assessment: The Country's Rare Platform Light Device Factory Company Profile: The Lead Overall Solutions Providers for Light Devices
Sioux Tianfu Light Communications Inc. was established in 2005 and listed on the business board in 2015 as the industry-led provider of the overall solution of the optical devices. The company has now formed the Sioux State-based R & D Centre, Japan.
And Shenzhen is a research and development branch, and the globalized web layout of production bases in Jiangxi, South-East Asia, the United States, Shenzhen, and Wuhan for technical support. The company’s development in the field of deep-farming devices has been divided into three phases for many years.
Three types of non-sourced products are dominated, including ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and optical-receivable interface components. After listing, the company gradually completes the product lines of the unsourced optical device and the source-optic device proxy and sealing product lines, moving towards platform conversion.
Phase I (2005-2015): three main types of unsourced light components. The company starts with ceramic tubes and expands to fibre optic adapters, optical-receivable interface components, and has cnc precision metal parts and
Growth and rising corporate market share, corporate revenue increased from $110 million in 2011 to 2.4 million in 2015, figure 3: global market share of three traditional products of Skyfoil (%): Māori ratio of three traditional products of Skyfoil (%)
Phase II (2015-2019): Horizontal enrichment of the non-sourced optical device product lines, moving towards platforming. 2015-2017, benefiting from the large-scale construction of 4g and fibre-optic networks, national ceramic tubes, fibre-optic adapters, and completion of production in the first half of the year, with an additional 108 million ceramic tubes and 30 million fibre-optic fittings produced annually before the expansion
In addition to the expansion of the three basic components, the Department has expanded the production of new products for non-sourced optical devices such as isolation devices, fibre-optic lenses, cable connections, optical plating devices, awg, security devices and fa, as well as for source-dependent industries, by means of endogenous research and development, external joint ventures and mergers and acquisitions.
Figure 5: The second stage of the development of the filiation communication, Figure 6: The filiation communication no-source light device product line
During the second stage of development, the foil communications integration core technology was upgraded from a product-type to a platform-type upgrade, resulting in the upgrading of the industrial chain of communication to the "High-end Unsourced Device Wholes Providers" and "High-Range Light Device Envelope Oem Producers". At the same time, the company not only provided the sourceless light devices, but also the source-based light component encapsulations.
Phase III (after 2019): extension of the industrial chain to the non-communication sector, with the company completing the 786 million dollar increase in investment in the construction of the high-speed engine in February 2020.
The specific products of high-speed light engines include laser integrated chip high-speed light induction, argon, silicon chip integrated high-speed light engines, etc., targeting mainly 400g, 800g market demand and 5g market demand. The capabilities of the company ' s high-speed light engine platforms can be applied to non-communication areas such as laser radar and medical testing, both products.
The products include optical design, optical wave testing, optical cold processing, optical plating, etc.
6) Receiving Channel 7) Radar Control Chip Group 8) Cross-Magnifier Array apd Acquisition of Tianfu Fine (Tff Thing Society of Japan) April 2020 with a first-rate optical lens model design
The Wirtschaftsprüfer is a joint venture of the Wirtschaftschaftsprüfer and Young-jung Group established in 2016.
Establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary in Japan to purchase the assets of the Japanese tsuoismold company, a high-quality asset with the ability to design, develop and manufacture first-class optical optic mirrors, an international first-class module client, acquisition of arctic light power in August 2020, high-end plating process, product, technology, production, customer, etc.
As a result of the acquisition, the Arctic light power has become a South China R&D centre and a production base for communications from the Arctic, maintaining the scale of the Arctic light power operations, personnel and production in the deep nzhen, and increasing the investment of research and development resources, such as equipment and personnel, in the new Jiangxi plant.
Imports new production energy into the Arctic. The co-benefits of the acquisition of the original Arctic photovoltaic and turbilical communication operations are evident: 1; benefits from enhanced technology storage and product layouts; high-end plating technologies of the Arctic photoelectric have a good reputation in industry; lwdm plating has been supplied in bulk for many years; its optical filters, and its fine microoptic components, flyterblock product lines.
It is an unsourced core of the cfp,qsfp,osfp series of light modules; its cwdm/dwdm passive module oem products have also served industry-renowned clients for many years; Arctic photovoltaic products have also provided strong technical support and product supplementation to the high-speed light engine project at the Ferguson; and 2, help extend the boundary of communications operations in the Tianfu to non-communication areas and open it up.
The field of application of plating technology and its wide range: plating devices such as membrane enhancement, refrigerated membrane, which enhances the reflection and refraction of light and is widely applied in various optical devices: filters can filter out different wavelengths of light and are widely applied in areas such as communications, ar and laser radar; pbs, divers, widely used in communications, etc.
Areas such as medical testing;3 Arctic photovoltaics have a high-quality North American customer base and are conducive to accelerating the global market layout of the falcon;4 and the cost-control capabilities of the falcon communications and the conversion of the Jiangxi production capacity to help the arctic photovoltaics.
So, the company has developed a layout of more than a dozen product lines, one for lightless devices and one for light-sourced appliance.
Component, fibre optic adapter, cnc precision metal, separators, fibre optic lens arrays, cable connectors, molding product lines, plating and optical element product lines, awgmux/demux product lines, fa/pm product lines, etc.; the income share of source line items is on the rise, and the source line line is currently mainly composed of oaodm/oem
By contrast, the company has grown steadily over the past decade and has been doing a lot of good work. From 2011 to 2021, the base telecommunications camp was raised to $306 million, or 20.4 per cent.
Business logic: Growing value added around customers' needs. Companies extend their industries around customers' needs, from the base to the top, from separate devices to integrated solutions.
The value of the unsourced light device, then the full solution of the high-speed light engine, continues to rise from 1% to 20% to more than 60% in the light module. The unit price of the product ranges from a few cents (ceramic tubes) to a few dollars (sourceless devices, source replacements) and a thousand dollars (high-speed light engines).
From the source to the source: the company’s income structure is dominated by lightless devices, with a rising share of revenue from light-sourced products, which will continue to rise as the output of light-speed light engine products rises. Downstream markets from home to overseas: the share of income from overseas is on the rise, with sales from 2021h1 companies.
In December 2018, a United States subsidiary was set up to improve the localization capacity of large offshore clients. The application ranged from telecommunications to digital connectivity: three basic components were used in different scenarios in the field of telecommunications and connectivity at an early stage.
The telecommunications market is available except for awg, cable products. Fibre lens arrays and cables, connectors, awg, high-speed light engines, etc. New product lines are used mainly in digital markets. The telecom market is now outpaced by the central driving force of the light communication industry, and the use of Skyfeath communication products is accompanied by industry markets.
Corporate management: outstanding technical skills, strong managerial competencies, high-quality, internationalized, professional workforces, long-term sound growth of companies.
In July, Mr. Zou Jian-nun, through the former Tianfu trades of shareholders in the company, and Chu, co-founded Tianbong. The company has a senior multinational management team and a high-quality product concept, with an efficient and stable team in key positions such as development, production, quality, technology, marketing, procurement, management, etc.
The company’s chairman, Zou Jio-o, has been awarded “Inventive Entrepreneurs in the High and New Zones of Suzhou,” “Techists in Jiangsu Province,” and “Technology Leaders in the 10 largest publicly listed companies.”
The company’s lines and subsidiaries also have a good reputation at the interface.
The firm’s equity structure is stable. The company’s real owners are the head of the board, Mr. Zou, and the general manager, Mr. and Mrs. O’Yo, who together hold about 40.5% of the shares. The company’s main shareholders are Tianfuin, Suzhou, and Mr. Zou, Mr. and Mr. O’Yo, who hold the shares of the company indirectly through Tianfu, Suzhou, and 1.23% of the shares of dreamers through Suzhou.
Companies value equity incentives. Before they went on the market, they set up Suzhou Dreamseers Investment Management Ltd. to serve as a backbone employee investment platform. Companies implement stock options and restricted stock incentives to promote executives and shareholders to achieve business development goals. Stock options and restrictive stock incentives were issued in 2018.
In January 2021, the company issued the second restricted equity incentive scheme, with 240 core technicians as incentives to deliver, and the test was conducted at the rate of revenue recovery or net profit growth.
Two incentive schemes bind the company’s interests together with those of the core, stimulating the company’s potential for growth. For the first time, the second incentive scheme’s staff has a wider range of coverage and a higher award price, showing the firm’s confidence in its future operations and contributing to the growth of its performance.
There are seven fully-owned holding companies under the Tianfu communications flag, including Jiangxi Tianfu Technology Ltd., Gao An Tian Feng Phototube Technology Co. Ltd., Suzhou Tianfu Young United Communication Technology Limited, Suzhou Tianfu Fine Optics Ltd., Hong Kong Corporation of China, United States subsidiary, North Pole Light Power Company.
(Shenzhen) Ltd., subsidiaries complement the parent company ' s product lines and sales, production and close collaboration. Lightware industry: driven by demand for light modules, rise of national production and cross-cutting applications offer new opportunities
The wide range of light devices is an important component of the light module The broad range of light communication devices varies according to physical form and can be divided into four main categories: chip, sourcer, non-sourcer, light module and subsystem.
Narrow light devices are used for extra-energy-driven work, depending on whether they are needed, and are divided mainly into active light devices and non-source light devices. Source light devices are used mainly for light telecommunication conversions, including lasers, modems, detectors and integrated devices.
Relay features, including light connectors, light separators, optical circuits, light filters, light switches, etc. Lightware can also be classified by function into photoelectric converters (including semiconductor light sources, semiconductor light detectors, fibre-optic lasers), optical modems, light amplifiers, light dispersion compensation devices (including colour dispersion control, colour dispersion)
Compensation, color dispersion management), light network devices (including various types of lightless devices, light wavelength conversion and light wavelength circuits, by-products, light modems, light switches and light cross-linkers, microphoto-mechanical chips, etc.), which are an important part of the light module. Upper optical devices include photochips, optical components, optical components, and optical components.
There is a high dependence on imports of light chips 25 g and above, and a high rate of national substitution of photochip products 10 g and below. The optical originals and optical components are highly competitive and involve a large number of participants. The light unit downstream is a light module manufacturer, and some light units are purchased directly by the light communications equipment manufacturer or terminal customer (operator or cloud manufacturer).
The module market is highly concentrated, with a high share of national production, with Chinese manufacturers accounting for six of the world’s top 10 light module manufacturers. The application scene is dominated by telecommunications networks and data centres, the telecommunications market’s end-users are dominated by operators and equipment, and the digital market’s end-users are dominated by domestic and foreign cloud producers.
The encapsulation process route of the luminous component currently consists mainly of air sealing, non-gas sealing, air sealing packages, including to-can coaxes, butterfly sealing, etc. Non-gas sealing techniques include, inter alia, cob. The traditional telecommunications light module is mainly covered in to-can sealing mode.
The light module in the to-can cover mode, usually consisting of the light component OSa, the power drive circuit and the light, the power interface, etc., is the core. The light component consists of the light-launching component tosa, the light-receiving component rosa, the two-way light component bosa, or the optical engine. The light-launching component tosa usually consists of laser diodes, back-light monitoring diodes, etc.
Combining components, tec, and thermally sensitive resistance components. A telecommunications signal at a certain rate is driven by a driven chip processing. Laser sends a modem light signal at the appropriate speed, controls the circuit automatically by light power, and produces a stable light signal. The light receiving component rosa usually contains components such as a photoelectric detector, a trans-magnator, a coupling component, etc.
The light signal input module at a given rate is converted from a light detector to a telecom, and the output phase is preceded by a pre-magnifier. The light module consists mainly of a photoreceiver component and an auxiliary (shell, pin, pcb and control chip). The photoreceiver component (including photochips and optical components) accounts for approximately 73% of the cost of the light module, and the supplements (shells, needles, pcb) represent approximately 73% of the cost.
The higher the speed of the photo module, the higher the cost of the photochip. The sourcer to achieve photovoltaic and light conversion in the optical component accounts for about 80% of the cost of the optical device. The remaining 20% is mainly the cost of the various components.
Goods account for about 15 per cent of the cost of light module material, and the subsequent supply of light engines can be increased to 60 per cent +. Lightware industry characteristics: small and scattered markets, slow technology, better profitability than light modules
Products: The variety of lightware products and the size of the market for the individual products. Depending on the client ' s design, the demand for parts of the devices and the product performance requirements vary. Technology: the upgrade of the light module depends mainly on the technological overlap at the end of the chip, the corresponding sourceless devices and the encapsulation
Price competition: A 10-15 per cent reduction in the price of mature unsourced device products. Profitability: Māori rates and net interest rates of lightware manufacturers are higher than those of light module manufacturers, and home-made product earnings are higher, mainly because of the high degree of customization of lightware rings.
The world’s light market size is expected to grow steadily over the next five years. In 2020, the epidemic and new infrastructure policies were being catalyzed.
Telecommunication and digital market demand was strong, with a market size of $8 billion a year, an increase of 23 per cent. Roots projected a projected $17.6 billion in 2026 and a capr of 800g in 2021-2026, of which cwdm/dwdm light and Ethernet were the two largest sales figures.
Number of markets: high growth as global data centre capital spending continues to expand. Dell'oro will see an increase in global data centre capital expenditure by 17% in the year, with super-large cloud producers increasing data centre expenditure by 30%; global data centre capital expenditure is expected to reach $350 billion in 2026.
With 314 planned new mega-data centres known to the ball, growth will be maintained over the next three years, with 1,000 expected to break through. Of these, the United States is the country with the largest data centres, and China is booming, following the official launch of the East and West Count project and the rapid development of the digital economy, domestic data centres are also emerging.
It's going to grow fast. The latest data from the lightcounting show that sales of the Ethernet module reached $4.6 billion in 2021, a 25 per cent increase over the same period. As new technologies such as the ai, the metacosystem and the network flow continue to grow over time, sales of the Ethernet module will continue to grow at a faster rate and continue to overlap.
The telecommunications market is dominated by relatively flat growth driven by operators’ capital spending. Construction of 5g is longer than the 3g, 4g, the operator’s capital expenditure is flat, and the industry is growing steadily. The three major operators have developed 5g networks over the past three years, moving into the middle and late stages of construction, and the operators have gradually re-invested in 5g.
q1-q4 telecommunication light module sales amounted to $4.85, 5.47, 5.83, and $701 million, respectively, an increase of 12 per cent, -14 per cent, -1 per cent, and 21 per cent respectively. The growth in the market for telecommunication light module was mainly due to the cwdm/dwdm light model.
The cost of the high-end optical communication luminous module product is estimated at 52 per cent for the purchase of straight-year optical chips and components, 37.7 per cent for integrated circuit chips and components, and 10.54 per cent for structural units.
The ratio of *light devices to material costs = 60% * device to material costs. Based on the ratio of non-source devices to material costs of about 15% in the light module, the corresponding value is 9% in the light module value. The market size of the non-source devices is expected to increase from $720 million in 2020.
By 2026, $1.58 billion. In 2020, $740 million was generated from the unsourced products of the foil communication. Global city light engine modules can be understood as photochips and components plus structural elements, the sum of which is about 62.54% of the cost of raw materials for the light module, i.e. about 46.5% of the light module value, taking into account the cost of the packaging of the device, the value of which is taken into account.
The market size of the corresponding light engine is expected to rise from $4 billion in 2020 to $8.8 billion in 2026, more than five times the size of the market for light-module non-sourced optical devices. Figure 27: Cost structure of high-end light communication modules (%)
The global position of domestic light module firms has continued to rise. The 10g era was dominated by North American light module manufacturers, and the 40g era cloud industry moved from “equipment-bonding” to “direct-mining” patterns, replacing single-way envelopes with parallel envelopes.
In the 100g era, the share of traditional light module manufacturers in North America declined, and domestic light module firms rose. In 2020, six of the country’s six light module manufacturers were on the global top10 supply list.
Global photolithography has accelerated. Based on increased cost pressures and competition in the market environment, global photolithography has accelerated, and most of the big players are constantly buying and merging, mostly in the United States.
With China’s producers becoming more competitive in recent years, our firms have become involved in the acquisition of mergers. Lights are competitive enough, with most producers earning less.
The overall pattern of competition is fragmented and limited by the small size of the individual segment of the market and the small income of most lightware manufacturers. This is mainly due to the high degree of customization of light devices, which requires more labour and makes it more difficult to produce scale effects, most of the manufacturers focus on individual products, the market is highly competitive, and the producers collect more than $1 billion.
A growth path for lightware companies: 1; extension, starting in a segmented area, to expand the sourceless lightware category over time, to expand to active light devices and create synergies at the client end; 2 provision of cost-effective integrated solutions through M&A or endogenous upstream or downstream extension; and 3 horizontal expansion of the application area to non-communication areas.
Trends in the lightware industry: the rise of national production and cross-cutting applications bring new opportunities Development trends I: the transfer of global lightware production capacity to the domestic level. The increase in the share of downstream home-grown module producers in the global market will, to some extent, lead to an increase in demand from upstream home-grown lightware manufacturers.
The process requires a large number of workers and domestic firms have a human-cost advantage. Trends two: overseas light-module manufacturers outsource the photo-package and one-stop-shop providers are favoured. Light-module manufacturers used to tend to buy their own raw materials, such as chips, unsourced devices, and so on.
Encapsulation tests and the formation of the final light module product. With the abundance of the light module application landscape, the type and form of light module encapsulations, a number of overseas light module manufacturers are more willing to outsource the coupling and encapsulation of the optical part of the front end of the light device.
For light-module manufacturers, on the one hand, shifting production to lower-cost areas, focusing on design and development, and reducing investment costs, on the other hand, the quality control, harmonization of standards, and timeliness of supply of various components are more assured, contributing to better product performance and supply chain management efficiency.
The advantage for lightware apparel manufacturers is the cost advantage and the advantage of a professional technology platform. There are more companies in the country that have OSa line for industrial appliance, including Skyfeed Communications, Wuhan Lian, Sichuan Kyushu, Sichuan Light, Shenzhen Tung Tung Tung, etc., but fewer companies that have the capacity to self-made and integrated lightware apparel.
In the lightware-for-work wrapping chain, there is a high threshold for the input of the containment equipment, a high degree of technical difficulty for the various types of containment of the light-frame, a large number of small varieties, and a high threshold for the mass proxy.
Science and technology, landscape technology, etc., while based on traditional communications markets, actively cross-cutting medical care, laser radar, ar, and so on. The underlying processes and principles required for optical devices in the new field are similar to those used in the optical send-and-go module, which differs mainly from product design, parameter requirements, performance indicators.
Cross-cutting medical detection equipment: high-end laser detections such as medical scanners, imagers, spectroscopy analysers \triangleright devices are based on principles similar to those of the light module, based on light radiation from light sources to the object being measured, inversely.
The light that comes back is separated from the wavelengths by the wave spectrometer and converted to a telecom on the detector. The optical system consists of optical sources, detectors, wave spectrometers, etc., and includes sophisticated optical components such as prism, lenses, glycers, non-spheric lenses, lenses, etc. The detection device for the new coronary virus, the pcr instrument, is used as an example.
The components include led and laser-calibration modules, fluorescent filters and mirrors, various lenses and complex lenses, detector modules and encapsulations, optical power integration design and mass production programmes.
\triangleright Prism, Birdbath, Free Track, Off-axis Holoscope and LightGuide.
Precision optical components of the projector component. Cross-cutting laser radar: the laser radar principle is similar to the light module and includes launch modules, receiving models \triangleright
Blocks and master control modules. The optical components required for laser radars include components of optical systems (pre-record mirrors, beams, diffusers, lenses, filters, etc.), sending and receiving components (lasers, detectors, etc.). From cost structure, the cost of receiving and receiving components of laser radars is 50-70%, while the cost of optical components is 10-15%.
Competing advantages: leading process techniques, efficient management systems, excellent resource integration Companies based on precision manufacturing, building a one-stop platform for domestic light devices. The core competencies of companies are largely reflected in leadership.
Prior process, efficient management systems, and excellence in resource integration ensure that companies export high-quality and stable products while maintaining better profitability than their peers.
Efficiency management systems include first-class information management operating systems, implementation of the concept of lean production and automated production lines; excellent resource integration is reflected not only in the integration of technology and solutions platforms within companies, but also in the integration of quality resources in external industries.
Competing advantage one: mastering leading process techniques, exporting high-quality and stable products The quality of the company's products is higher in the industry. Inserting wear and tear is a key energy indicator for the company's products, and the main factors influencing insertion of wear and tear are loss of fibre cores, loss of fibre-optic tilt, loss of the gap between fibre and surface.
The loss of fibre optics, the loss of fibre cores, the loss of numerical apertures, etc., the smaller the consumption target is the better. The company’s porcelain tube inserts < 0.1 db, which is much lower than the industry standard ~0.20 db, which means that the company’s porcelain tubes have less loss of light signal at the fibre optic connection and more stability in light transmission.
The quality of the company’s products is high according to the “Survey Report” issued by the Centre for the Supervision and Inspection of the Quality of the Post and Telecommunications Industry of the Ministry of Information Industry to issuers’ products, which are characterized by high accuracy, consistency, data dispersion, etc., and are well publicized in the industry.
Through the accumulation of unique process techniques, the company protects the accuracy of the size, quality of production, and efficiency of production. For example, three of the company’s traditional components, such as ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and optical and optical interface components, are missing.
Source devices typically require ceramic caps, precision processing techniques, and plasticization techniques. In ceramic caps, the unique process used by the company in the capsing technology, such as cool pressure, ensures product quality and productivity. In precision processing techniques, the company's precision processing of caps can reach less than 1 μm.
In inch accuracy, the precision of the stainless steel parts required for the optical-receivable interface component can be as much as 5 m. In plastics technology, the company has the know-how to make sophisticated molds, with high-precision all-automatic imports, plastics, fibre optic adapter shell components, etc.
For example, the company's autonomous R & D products 25gto, 25gtosa, 25gbidi optical transceivers have high output power, a wide range of operations using temperature range, high smsr, etc.
Rates of box, coc have a series of solutions, such as a package of source devices. The company has a high-precision appliance, a gold-wiring combination technology, and an automated sticker device with an accuracy of ~0.5um, which has reached a high level of sealing in the industry.
The company has the advantage of an ultra-precision of nanoscale R & D manufacturing. General processing accuracy is usually at 10sim, text{m}, precision processing accuracy at 3m, high precision processing accuracy at 0.13}\mum, and accuracy requirements are higher than 0.0. In 2016, Skyfet communications were involved in the acquisition of the Japanese tsuoismold.
The company, which received the technical team and resources of the nanoscale precision optical lens, brought together a team of senior personnel in the internationalization of optical communications, the Jiangsu Enterprise Technology Centre and the Engineering Technology Centre, which were built by the company, and accumulated deposits in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, optical glass, etc.
Many of the world’s leading processes, proprietary technologies, form wave-combined coupling technologies, fa fibre-optic array design, tocan/box containment technologies, parallel optical design manufacturing technologies, and many other technology and innovation platforms. The accumulation of corporate processes is dependent on an efficient R & D system that builds an efficient R & D system.
Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs and maintain the core technological competitiveness of their products. The company’s R & D costs increase with income, with the overall R & D costs remaining above 9%.
There are 25 previous R & D projects, mainly: development of tosa devices with mwdm; development of 50 gbidi optical devices; development of light engines; development of spectrometers; development of single-wave 100g light devices; development of high-end optical filtering film plating products; development of small integrated components; development of zero components for high-speed light engines; and optical bias
X-ray prism development, silicon chip integration into high-speed light engine development, 800g light device development, laser chip integration, high-speed light engine development, etc.
Companies have a first-class information management operating system. Companies control product quality through equipment and information. Companies conduct quality testing and reliability tests through various types of equipment.
According to the 2017 annual report, the company has been working to improve the quality of its products by forming groups to improve them and promoting them.
Good activities and initiatives such as the creation of a lean sample workshop, where product lines have significantly improved and reduced efficiency gains in controlling inactive stocks, increasing operational efficiency and product excellence, and shortening the product delivery cycle. “Stimulus production” originated in the 1960s, when Japanese automobile manufacturing, represented by Toyota, was produced through real-time Jit.
The model, which quickly occupied the American car market with a low-cost, high-quality, prominent advantage, and Jit was praised by American scholars as “savvy production” because of its operational efficiency. The core of Jit is zero stocks and rapid response to market transformation, which is adapted to deal with the multiplicity of batches in the optical device industry.
Advanced erp and mes systems cut across the production process, flexible production lines adapted to small-volume multi-species production, trained employees to adapt to different product lines, mrp-based material control systems to ensure production needs and stock control, and companies had the capacity to produce multi-product lines on a volume scale.
At the same time, the company has the Automated Development Department, which develops automated production lines and testing equipment based on its own needs and has the capacity to continuously optimize production efficiency and costs.
Wirtscrew communications are more powerful than peer-to-peer cost control. The company’s Māori rates and net interest rates are always at the forefront of the market because: (a) the company chooses its high Māori rate for high-quality goods and customers and is not caught in bad price wars; and (b) most of the company’s product numbers are custom-made based on client drawings and requests.
The Division produces high-precision, high-consistency, good data fragmentation and other qualitative advantages, with import substitution and high-quality premium effects;3 vertical integration of companies, with continuous upward and downstream expansion in manufacturing processes, high self-use of products and higher levels of automation of production lines, contributing to efficiency gains;4,
The company’s production base is located mainly in Jiangxi, where it has a regional advantage in terms of production costs and low labour costs. The ability to control the costs of communications in the sky is also excellent, and the overall cost rate has declined as the scale effects show.
The data from the yearbook show that in 2020, the average salary per capita was $97379 and 78182 in Jiangxi province, which is lower in the provinces and below the national average. As a result, Skyfoo established a factory in Jiangxi, with lower labour costs, which allows companies to invest more in research and development.
Wirtschaftsprüfer pays an average of $96,000 per employee, less than most comparable companies, less labour costs, but the average per capita profitability is above the average of the same companies.
The vertical integration of communications in the foil begins with the three traditional business lines before the market. Ceramic tubes are fibre optically appropriate.
The raw materials of the assembly and photo-receiver interface components, along with the company's continuous upstream extension of the manufacturing process, the establishment of a high-precision cnc digital processing production line, the design and production of precision metal parts, the provision of packages of applications and programmes for the optical-receiver interface components; the establishment of a plastic production line, the establishment of a model design processing centre, and the implementation of design and testing
Based on the advantages of integration, such as self-produced ceramic tubes, plastics, precision metal structures, companies are able to offer high-quality, high-priced products, and the three basic component products have a better Māori ratio than their counterparts. The vertical integration of Skyfu communications is also reflected in a vertical integration from the element to the integrated package and source generation.
Industrial wrapping transitions. Sourceless devices and osaoem and wrapping products are sold together. The company increases the value added of its business around the needs of its customers, while also increasing the speed of its client response, saving customers the trouble of interacting with multiple suppliers. Li Tinfu communications are based on the company ' s accumulation for more than a decade and integrates nine core technology platforms and nine solutions platforms.
Eight solutions + high-speed light engine solutions, upgrading technological reuse and customer service capabilities. Fibre communications have accumulated many of the world’s leading process techniques in the field of precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, etc., resulting in wave-combining coupling techniques, fau fibre array design manufacturing techniques,
Technology and innovation platforms such as to-can/box chip containment technology, parallel optical design manufacturing technology, optical component plating technology, nanoscale precision mold design manufacturing technology, metal material micro-mode manufacturing technology, ceramic material formation sintering technology, plc chip processing testing, and the gradual transformation of support companies ' products from components to integrated products.
Wirtschaftste is based on a core technology platform and can provide different optical components for different types of light modules, including high-speed coax solution, high-speed box package solution, microoptic solution, awg series non-sourcer solution, pm/dr series lightware non-source solution, pm-fau default
Source optic device solutions, sr&obo solutions with plastic lenses and fibre optic arrays, aoc series of unsourced solution solutions, eight major one-stop solutions. Companies are good at integrating high-quality resources in the industry, as reflected in 1, absorbing leading technologies and expanding product maps: with Japan
The Friends Strategy works together to promote the development of sequester products: in collaboration with the Japanese company tm, rapid capacity for the development of the lens series of products; acquisition of awg assets, layout of data centres and 5g markets; acquisition of arctic photovoltaics, technical skills in optical plating, optical cold processing, wave fractions, etc., and high-quality customers overseas.
Synergy: e.g. Arctic photovoltaic and lumberhaiadi production lines are converted to Jiangxi plants, which are conducive to efficiency gains in procurement and production processes. 3. Client collaboration. e.g. Arctic photovoltaic customers include mainly luminous communication enterprises such as Finisar, photovoltaic technology, De Kori, Luxtera, etc., and are concentrated in North American markets, where Tianfu owns domestic headlines.
The company buys 100% of the equity in Arctic photovoltaic at US$99 million, corresponding to a net profit of US$ 7.73 million in 2019, with a lower valuation and a higher acquisition value.
Future growth analysis: a steady growth of the sourceless product line, a high-speed light engine opening up the company's growth space.
The overall demand for the traditional unsourced product line is relatively stable, with the related revenues increasing mainly as demand for the light module market grows. The company’s traditional unsourced product lines include ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, optical and transceivable interface components, and cable links.
Product lines, such as connectors, are mainly produced with high-level PVs. Companies work more closely with their clients, and the growth of new products will lead to the continued sale of older products.
The product lines of the electricity sector are converted. The product lines of the awg (array-guide-guide-guide), fa (fibre arrays)/pm-protected spectrometers have been delivered in bulk since 2019. The market is wide and the product lines of the awg company have cost advantages and benefit from the gradual diffusion of the awg application.
The wdm was originally used primarily for backbone networks, and as technology evolved, it was applied gradually to urban area networks, access networks, data centres, and 5g forward transmissions.awg is a type of wdm technology that is commonly used in wdm wave spectrometers and light modules, such as the bone core network dwdm system and 100gcwdm4 light module.
There are tff (a lens-based program. In a module for z-block structures, usually at the tx launch end) and awg (more applied at the rx receiving end). Compared to the tff technology, awg has a higher degree of integration, and an awg chip is capable of performing multiple wavelengths of reuse and decomposition.
Reducing the complex assembly process is conducive to reducing the cost of encapsulation, the number of corridors, and the penetration loss. The product of the awg process has a relatively high post-partum price on a large scale, and the current cwdm4-awg chip process is more mature and permeable than its peers, and the falcon is deeply bound to the awg product, with cost advantages and supply stability.
The pmfiberarray is widely applied downstream, with process accuracy and reliability having a greater impact on the system, allowing Tianfu to take advantage of its own precision.
The polarized fibre-optics are installed evenly on the array matrix, which allows for a high-density parallel transmission while maintaining the deflection direction. The fibre-optic arrays are mainly used in fibre-optic sensors (optic gyroscopes, fibre-optic hydrophones), communications systems, optical devices and so on.
A fibre-optic laser, etc. structure. In communications systems, many of the devices have fibre-optics in their tails, including semi-conductor lasers, optic magnifiers and lashing magnifiers. In addition to being tail-optics, fibre-optics can also be used to prepare instruments associated with the radiator, the scale lithium modifier and the radiator.
In fibre-optic lasers, fibre-optic lasers are not only structurally stable, less disturbed by the environment, but also have high output quality, good oscillation and can be used to achieve high power laser output through beaming.
Optical plating devices have a wide range of applications and high thresholds. The plating process in the Arctic is leading internationally, with potential for greater development. Precision optical meta-components are increasingly demanding for spectrum control and accuracy of optical film, stable plating processes and monitoring techniques are key factors in ensuring high-quality optical film.
Precision plating techniques, such as ion gas phase deposition membrane techniques, which were used primarily in integrated circuits, are gradually being used in optical plating. Different applications require different plating units, and the number of layers of optical thin film for which high performance is required is up to 100 layers.
The size of our optical film market continued to rise from 2014 to 2020. Since 2017, the rate of growth has remained at around 9 per cent, and the market size has expanded rapidly. In 2020, the size of our optical film market has reached 39 billion yuan.
High-speed light engine platform assembly capacity and resources, high-speed light communication and non-communications markets, with a growing amount of source lined products. While companies move downstream to source-for-work wrapping, they are well positioned, well-attended, not involved in upstream light chips and downstream light modules, while avoiding upstream chip-forward asset input.
The company’s Osa product was predominantly 10 g osa by 2018, supported by 100 gosa by a gradual increase in the company’s 25 gosa product replacements (accompanied 5g construction needs) in 2018. The 5g base station was in the build-up phase from 2019 to 2020, with wireless forwards.
The 25g light module entered the outbreak period, and the company’s 25gosa output increased significantly. In 2021, the 5g industry entered the storage cycle, and demand for 25gosa’s product lines dropped sharply.
Power can also be extended beyond the light module. For example, Fabrinet, the global champion of light tools, whose bottom core capacity lies in its precision machine-making services and precision optical production and encapsulation capabilities.
The area of non-light communication has expanded to include industrial lasers, intelligent driving, and medicine. The non-light communication industry currently accounts for about 20% of the revenue, and according to the company ceoseamusgrady, the future non-communications, including industry, automobiles and medical care, is expected to account for 50%. The development path of Fabrinet has validated the light communicators.
The integration of the high-speed light engine platform is a combination of the company’s existing unsourced products, its power to encumber and its resources to further enable high-speed communication and non-communication applications.
In 2021, high-speed light engine product lines began to contribute revenue, mainly for 400g and 800g of light module products, with product models continuously expanding, with the prospect of a new growth curve for the company following intensive and new client breakthroughs with large clients.
Based on non-communication side applications, Fibre communications have been developed around customer needs, lightware and modular products in laser radar and medical detection fields have been developed and are now entering the system of qualified suppliers for individual clients and are expected to create new growth space for companies.
The applications include traditional high-speed light modules such as 400g/800g, high-integration co-encapsulation optical (cpo) switches and more light interconnections. As the speed of light modules increases, the demand for light engines increases.
A rich homemade device product line and solution capability, with a technological lead on the layout high-speed light engine. What's a light engine? The light engine is the part of the light power conversion function that handles light signal processing. According to the company, the high-speed light engine is the core device of the high-speed light-receipt module, firing chips and receiving chip seals.
It is a product of the current industry that has been assembled on the basis of precision microoptic components, precision mechanical components, separators, optical wave guidance devices, etc., to achieve parallel light signal transmission and reception functions on either a single or multiple path. The light engine can be integrated not only by traditional separate components, but also by silicon light technology, which involves silicon light.
The products of optical devices include sequesters, optical lenses, microoptic devices, fa products, pm products, etc., have a catalytic effect on the sale of the original product lines of communications in the sky. The silicon light program is highly integrated and technically challenging, and remains co-existing with the silicon light integration program and the traditional separation scheme for some time to come.
Co-encapsulated optical cpo is a trend in which the traditional plug-in module form evolves towards the light engine form. As the speed of the electrical vents rises to 112g, the loss of high-speed signals in pcb transmissions increases, challenging the design of pcb, the cost of materials and the need to increase the high-speed walk line between the plug-in module and the exchange chip.
With more retimer chips, the running power of the whole machine will be greatly increased. To overcome these problems, cpo has become a consensus that the light module will move towards the exchange chip, shorten the walk distance between the chip and the module, and gradually replace the plug-in module, eventually sealing the light engine and the power exchange chip into a chip.
In terms of industry trends, the 51.2t exchange chip era may require cpo, which is expected to become an essential technology in the light communication industry by 2027. Table 20: Status of cpo major players in the cpo industrial chain and future planning
In the aforementioned industry section, we have outlined the similarities between laser radar and medical detection equipment and light modules, which include launch modules, reception modules and master control modules, and the need for light signals to be received and received.
The laser radar market is at an early stage of development, with a potentially wide range of industries leading to an increase in demand for related optical components. In 2020, China’s laser radar market was about $420 million, an increase of 82.61% over 2019.
Leisure City and Mapping and Carborne Areas - Unmanned and Advanced Auxiliary Drivers - are the main components, with three accounting for more than 92% of the total. According to the Sullivan study, the laser radar market will continue to grow at a higher rate in the coming years. By 2025, the global laser radar market is projected to be about $13.54 billion, compared to 2019.
To achieve an average annual growth rate of 64.5%; China’s laser radar market is expected to reach $4.31 billion. Based on the current ratio of optical components to laser radar costs of about 10-15%, assuming a 35% Māori rate for laser radar plants, the corresponding laser radar optical component will be about the size of the global market in 2025.
Laser radar products are expected to accelerate further down in 2022. From the new laser radar product of ces 2022, Quick Start announces its release of the rs-lidar-m1 type as the only global release of a second-generation intelligent solid-state laser radar delivered by pre-loading of vehicles; it includes valor technology at 128, innovusion falcons,
New items, such as luminariris, are expected to be produced in volume by 2022. According to incomplete statistics, there are more than 20 distribution/volume-producing vehicle types globally that have been identified as carrying laser radars, and the current technology platforms available for the mobile laser radar market are on a scale that provides a solid basis for companies to expand the non-communications market.
The platform expands the application of lightware products in the field of laser radars, where companies have a relatively deep accumulation of technology and processes that can agree to produce lightware products for laser radar plants that meet the performance requirements and have fast-scale delivery capabilities. Laser radar manufacturers are involved in light devices because of their different technical routes.
The product patterns and technical indicators of demand vary, and the company is now providing small-volume product delivery to some laser radar manufacturers and organizing dedicated follow-up, which is expected to benefit from the high growth dividends of the laser radar market.In addition, the commercialization of the company ' s products in the field of medical testing is continuing, outside the field of light communication.
The market has made several breakthroughs of zero to one, solidified the product base, and continued to build up its future. Debt capacity has fallen, with funds raised after 2021 in the context of the high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres to add up the shortage of raw materials.
Main, overall debt service pressure is low; by contrast, in 2021 the corporate asset-liability ratio was low in the industry, figure 60: the equity-liability ratio of companies associated with the lightware industry (%) is better than that of comparable companies, indicating that they have a better liquidity ratio and a faster rate than comparable firms.
The working days of 2021 corporate receivables/payables are 92/57 days, while the industry average is 92/72 days, i.e. the company ' s accounts receivable cycle is at the industry average and the accounts payable cycle is at the lower industry level.
The significant decrease in the number of working days on accounts payable is related to changes in the structure of the supplier ' s account period in the context of supply chain constraints. Figure 64: Comparison of working days on accounts payable from 2016 to 2021 is higher than the industry average, reflecting the company ' s strong asset operations.
The decline is related to the collection of investment funds; the stock turnover rate has declined, mainly in the context of the “deficit” environment, and the overall downward trend in corporate Māori rates in public years, mainly in relation to increased competition in the market, changes in the structure of the company's products, combined factors, a lower Māori rate for source lines than for unsourced products, and an overall Māori rate for optical power in the Arctic.
Lower than the original Māori rate for foil communications; with regard to net interest rates, in 2020-2021, the Māori rate, the net interest rate and the roe (deduction/weighting) were higher than comparable companies, and more profitable than comparable companies.
In 2021, the growth in corporate income and net return profits was relatively stable, with business income growing largely as a result of the company’s high-speed light engine project output, the acquisition of Arctic light power in 2020 and the precision of the foil, and the firm’s former operations benefiting from the growth of market demand maintained robust growth. Over the last five years, the company’s combined revenues grew.
The rate was 27 per cent, with a 20 per cent increase in the parent net profit compound, which is better than the industry as a whole.
The net cash flow performance of companies has shown an upward trend in recent years, and in 2021 the net cash flow of the public sector continued to grow to $370 million in 2021, with a net profit cash content of 1.2, optimized industry averages and better quality of operations.
Figure 76: The net profit cash content (%) of the lightware industry is based on the following assumptions:
On the one hand, the growth in the market demand for downstream light modules has been accompanied by the continued uphill growth of the company's original product lines; on the other hand, the saturation of Arctic PV orders has benefited from increased corporate shares in overseas markets and continued expansion of Arctic PV-related product lines.
With the impact of the build-up of the Jiangxi new plant, the impact of the fall in prices of old products, lightless device 2, light-sourced device operations, including OSa surrogates and chip wrapping operations on the company's original telecommunications side, and the new expanded high-speed light engine lines. 2021 was the first year of mass delivery by high-speed light engines through large customers.
Māori rates are expected to be stable in the lightware business.4 The overall Māori rate of the company will decrease as the share of light-sourced devices in revenue rises.5 Cost levels are expected to remain stable for the company as the efficiency gains and scale effects are shown.
6. The parent company and the core subsidiary under the flag enjoy a high-tech corporate income tax benefit, which effectively benefits from a 15 per cent tax reduction on corporate income tax, taking into account that the manufacturing R & D cost plus deduction ratio is 100 per cent, and the calculated assumption is that the proportion of the company ' s total income tax/profit is around 11 per cent.
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we have used both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company’s soundness (from 2032), using the fcff valuation method to reflect the company’s long-term growth value. With regard to the Māori ratio, it will decline as the revenue share of light-source devices rises.
In terms of cost rates, which are expected to decrease steadily over the long term as management efficiency gains and scale effects are released, in terms of income tax, parent companies and core subsidiaries of the country benefit from high-tech corporate income tax benefits and, in practice, from a 15 per cent reduction in the tax rate on corporate income tax, taking into account research and development by small and medium-sized enterprises in science and technology.
The cost plus deduction rate is 100 per cent, and the calculated assumption of the company's total income tax/profit ratio is about 11 per cent in the left. With respect to capital cost assumptions, there is no leverage on Beta to obtain 1.1; the no-risk interest rate is derived from the 10-year maturity of the national debt by 2.80 per cent; the equity risk premium is 6.50 per cent; and the debt cost is calculated at 3.50 per cent.
In terms of the characteristics of the valuation methodology, the absolute valuation represented by dcf, fcff is more suitable for companies with a continuous profit and a more stable business model.
The absolute valuation is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, and the following table presents a sensitivity analysis. The main business of the Ferguson Communications Camp is dominated by lightless devices, and the subsequent share of the sourceware business will gradually rise.
The technology, the technology, the technology, the technology, the technology of innovation, the mesmeric technology, and the new euphemisms are comparable companies. Of these, the solar industry is dominated by fibre-optic connectors, with a more homogeneous product structure and customer structure.
The business is based on optical components and fibre-optic devices, which are used in both fibre-optic laser and fibre-optic communications. The business of the Botox technology consists of non-sourced optical devices and active light modules, and the market for downstream applications is dominated by telecommunications access networks.
Market demand is driven jointly by the markets of digital access and telecommunications, and is comparable with telecommunications. Compared to the average of a company of 21 times pe, company valuations are slightly lower than industry averages. Depending on the company’s new business expansion plan, the scale of the follow-up effect takes into account the incremental impact of the company’s own new business climb and its early deployment in the non-communications sector
It should be gradually demonstrated that the future growth and profitability of foil communications is better than the industry average, giving the company 2022 a combination of the above-mentioned values, and we believe that we have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods to arrive at a combination of the company's reasonable valuations.
The calculation of free cash flows, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies over the next few years have been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which in turn has led to a bias in valuations.
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a zero-risk interest rate of 2.8 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that these parameters may still be estimated or estimated.
(a) The risk of an overvaluation of the company's valuation as a result of the low value taken, resulting in low Wacc calculation;
In terms of relative valuation: we have compared the relative valuation indicators of the same or similar home-grown optical devices as the company ' s business, such as the middle-class Quantities, the new euphoria, the science of the landscape, the technology of creation, etc., and the average pere of comparable companies in 2022 as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s vanity and growth.
Volume and prices are expected to be optimistic, leading to an overestimation of performance over the next three years. This estimate is low, and Maori overestimates, leading to a higher forecast of corporate profits over the next three years.
The risk of increased competition in the industry: the market pattern in the lightware industry is fragmented, there are more participants, and there is competition for continued home or influence over the level of the company’s Māori rate.The risk of new product R & D and market promotion: the company plans to launch a new laser radar optical device in the near future.
At this stage of R & D, there is still some time to achieve bulk production and marketing, and there is a risk that R & D will fail; on the other hand, the market now has products of the same kind on the market or in competition, and future commercialization is expected to face intense competition and risks of low or unexpected commercial value, which cannot be obtained as expected.
Market recognition will have a negative impact on corporate business development. Trade protectionism and trade friction risk: more than 50% of corporate output is sold out, customers are concentrated in Europe and America, etc. If trade friction increases further, offshore customers may reduce orders,
The risk of brain drain from key technologies: the development and management of critical skills are the main changes in the competitive patterns of firms’ competitive advantages, and competition for skilled people in the industry will become more intense.
A sustained and effective incentive mechanism, such as compensation, treatment and so on, will not be attractive to skilled personnel and can lead to the loss of existing core technical staff, which will have a significant negative impact on the company’s production operations. Market risks: downstream of the optical equipment industry, driven mainly by data centre construction and the telecommunications market, with cloud producers
More relevant to the operator’s capital expenditure, the need for increased business planning and data flow by cloud producers and operators themselves is somewhat uncertain.
Production management and order delivery have had an impact and there is a risk of fluctuations in production line rates. Schedule: Financial forecasting and valuation. Authors ensure that the data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author