2019 & 2020q1 performance continued to grow, observing the upswing of the engineering machinery industry in the post-cycle engineering machinery, with a significant increase in the collection/performance of cranes + concrete machinery taps, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating
New and old infrastructure is falling, stimulating new demand; environmental policies are tightening, and the demand for renewal is booming. The company’s main product is a post-engineering cycle product that starts later than an excavator, and the company’s net return and return of profits has recovered significantly since 2017, and its market share continues to rise. We predict that the company will achieve a net return profit in 2020-2022.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating has been granted to a leading engineering company. • The size of the debt has increased, environmental policies have tightened, the landscape of the industry has continued to rise.
Large, according to the report of the Government for the year 2020, it is proposed to set up a special local government bond of 3.75 trillion yuan in 2020, an increase of 1.6 trillion yuan over 2019, focusing on the construction of transport infrastructure, agro-forestry, social services, eco-environment, municipal and industrial park infrastructure, etc.; environmental policies are tightened and the phase-out of the Third Nation is accelerated.
Equipment below emission standards, implementation of “country six” emission standards, and core industrial drivers such as the release of equipment stock upgrading needs will further drive the medium- and long-term development of the engineering machinery industry.
In 2019, the company achieved 43.31 billion yuan, or +50.9% of the year; a net profit of 4.37 billion yuan, or +116.4% of the year; and an increase in the Māori rate to 30%. Concrete machinery and cranes are the second week of engineering machinery / the second week of heavy machinery.
Industry cyclical downside risks, etc. Farming engineering machinery, leading industry for engineering machinery for nearly 30 years, 1.1. Companies are the first a+h stock listings in the industry and have no real control over people.
The company was founded in 1992 as China-China Heavy Engineering and Technology Development Co. Ltd., and was approved by the former National Economic Commission for Trade and Industry, with a limited number of companies in the Sha Construction and Mechanical Research Institute and the Changsa High Technology Industrial Development Area.