The Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CREDES) releases performance growth, with higher prices in the second half of the year, and efficient new production, which releases a fall in the price of hedge products and achieves high performance growth.
Glass prices have rebounded steadily since October 2018, but the tax-free average value of 2019h1 products has fallen by almost 10%. The company has achieved a significant increase in sales and a significant reduction in unit production costs, with the same rate of gross glass for Maori.
This is a 0.5-pt drop, a 1.1-pc increase in the ring comparison, which effectively offsets the price decline of the products.
Industry status - Fullet Incident Review, new kiln commissioning, domestic market start-up-driven demand climbing month by month, and recent glass business stock 2. "Efficiencies in q1 growth, swapping debt."
During the second half of the year, 2,300 tons of smelting line cold recovery and 2 1,000 tons of daily smelting line production in Viet Nam in 2020 are expected to boost the company ' s performance at a higher price.
In addition, in June 2019, the company received a government subsidy of $6.173 million, while 2019h1 confirmed only $2.525 million, leaving a subsidy income of $36.48 million, which will be recognized in the second half of the year, will further increase the company’s performance.
In the first half of the year, the distribution rate of the two-bond component in the head-assembly enterprise and the recent bid for a centralized national power supply component was as high as 30%, while in June the United States exempted the two-faced component from a duty duty of 201, with a clear trend towards a two-sided increase in the penetration rate.
The launch in 2021 helped companies to seize the opportunity of high growth in light glass demand over the next few years, further increasing city occupancy, reducing production costs and consolidating double-hatting.
The construction of competitive bidding projects has not progressed as expected and has deteriorated, the international trade environment has deteriorated Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating has been calculated as an average market investment