Electronic ceramic expert, mlcc expansion and new product release, three ring group (300408.sz) electronic ceramic expert, mlcc expansion and new product release, with a “buy-in” rating.
The three rings are the country's excellent electronic ceramic platform-type enterprises, materials, equipment, manufacturing, vertically integrated business layouts that shape the company's vast moat. In the context of the accelerated replacement of electronic components, the rapid expansion of production capacity has led to the acceleration of the mlcc business and has been the main factor in the company's growth in the next three years.
The expansion of new items such as machetes, mammoths, etc. further opens up the ceiling for company growth. We're active mlcc, taking over the import-substituting market.
Research and development, companies have accumulated a great deal of production technology experience in material formulations, conductive slurry, product design, process installations, and equipment technology. Companies have responded positively to claims by downstream terminal manufacturers for mlcc national production, full-scale energy mlcc operations, and 12 times the increase in mlcc production capacity between 2020 and 2022 through additional investment projects.
• 5 g for traditional cores, pkg, base sheets, etc., and national production trends. Ceramic cores, idc, and 5g base stations support the growth of demand in the industry, the company is in the leading position in the ceramic core market, and will continue to enjoy performance gains from industry growth in the future; pkg, cut into saw filters
The market for wavers has doubled in size, and competition for the withdrawal of the sea china in hand has provided an enabling environment for companies to raise their share of the market; ceramic tablets, which benefit from global taps to replace domestic production at an accelerated pace, and domestic manufacturers to expand their production.
Ceramic machetes, wiping through the product production process, with the company's product performance reaching industry averages, and at the same time increasing the capacity of the ceramic machete production to take advantage of the market; slurry, the important raw material of the thick membrane resistance, the active expansion of the electric resistance plant to provide a unique opportunity for the expansion of the company's sulptor business, and the availability of the slurry; and fuel cells.
The diaphragm panels, short-term viewing, circumventing trade friction effects through the design of Thai affiliates, medium- and long-term viewing, and as a global leader supplier of fuel cell diaphragm panels, will benefit from the accelerated industrialization of sofcs.
1.1 The Global Lead Electronic Ceramic Element and Materials Suppliers Group was established in 1970 and is mainly involved in the development, production and sale of electronic e-ceramic components and their underlying materials.
In 1984, electrical resistance and the automated production of ceramics were achieved. In 1992, the company was converted from a local corporation to a limited company, and the product was then gradually expanded to the areas of piece parts, photocommunication components, ceramic envelopes, and the base. In 2014, the company was placed on the market in depth. After nearly 50 years of electronic ceramic production, the public,
The Division has now developed into the world’s leading supplier of electronic ceramic components and materials, including ceramic cores, aerobics, aluminum porcelains, ceramics, etc. The owner of the company is Mr. Zhang Wan, who is actually in control as of 2019.
In the third quarter of the year, Mr. Zhang Wan Town held 3.07 per cent of the shares of the tri-ring group and indirectly held 21.92 per cent of the shares of the listed company through the Sanjiang company.
Since 2011, the company ' s operating income and net return profits have increased steadily, with a combined increase of 12 per cent in 2011-2018 and a net return of 18 per cent Cagr. In 2019, profits on triple ring earnings declined, mainly as a result of: (1) the 2019 mlcc and base sheet industries faced a large increase.
And, thanks to good business models and strong company competitiveness, free cash flows are positive for three calendar years, and free cash flows account for nine years.
The median roic is seventh in the electronics sector. The three-ring group has the highest profitability of 10% of the industry as a whole. Of this, the company’s Māori sales rate, net sales interest rates, and total asset yields are all at the top 11 levels of the industry, highlighting the strong competitive power of the three-ring groups within the industry.
1.2. Vertically integrated layouts are shaped for core competitiveness Electronic ceramics have excellent characteristics, with a market size of about $24.1 billion worldwide. Electronic ceramics are ceramic materials used in electronic techniques to prepare various types of electronic components and devices, which can be used for light, electrical, magnetic, thermal, and so on.
Electronic ceramics are one of the most advanced ceramics, with such excellent features as high mechanical strength, high insulation resistance, high temperature and humidity resistance, radiation resistance, wide media constants, and the ability to adjust the rate of electrical capacity change that are widely applied in the electronics industry, communications, automobile industry, new energy, aerospace, military, etc.
Electronic ceramics are divided into functional ceramics and structural ceramics, depending on their properties and uses. Functional ceramics are mainly based on the specific function of the material, with features such as electrical performance, magnetism, biological properties, thermal sensitivity, and optical properties.
These include, inter alia, microwave medium ceramics, iron and electric ceramics, voltage ceramics, semiconductors and their sensitive ceramics; structural ceramics, which are primarily insulation-based; electronic ceramic products, which require high density and are difficult to process; materials, processes and equipment are key.
The fineness, homogeneity and reliability of ceramic powder, rare earth formulations directly determine the size, performance parameters and stability of downstream products, with each manufacturer having a different match, with different burns and different temperature curves, which require a very long and complex process.
For example, its production consists of several large processes of 20 small processes, such as ceramic medium film formation, inner electrodes production, capacitors production, sintering, outer electrodes production, each of which has a very deep know-how, process experience Accumulation and equipment adaptation capabilities are important factors in determining production costs, high rates of excellence and product quality.
Figure 7: Ceramic powder is a key determinant of product success and failure. Three rings are a few companies that have achieved vertical integration in the electronic ceramics industry in the country.
In terms of materials, the company has access to micro-powder preparation techniques, electronic ceramic series formulations and technologies; in terms of process, the company has squeezed small and highly sophisticated products, injected, extended, stacked production techniques, stacked burns and climate protection techniques, ceramic metalization, multiforms.
With regard to equipment, the company has set up the Design Institute, which is primarily responsible for years of experience and continuous research and development inputs that guarantee vertical integration. Breaking through processes, self-researching of materials and equipment takes a long period of experience. Three rings are the first electronic ceramics in the country.
One of the companies that developed and produced the products was founded in 1970 (Finhua 1984, Convoy 2000, Wooyang 2001, National Ceramic Materials 2005 and China Electronic 2009) to produce ceramic-based bodies, and has accumulated considerable experience in the development and production of electronic ceramics. In addition, the company attaches great importance to research and development, with a steady increase in R & D inputs, R & D personnel and Yuzu.
There has been a steady increase in the number of baccalaureate staff, along with the establishment of three-ring institutes and design institutes to carry out research on materials, processes and equipment, which have greatly enhanced the company ' s research and development and production capacity in the field of electronic ceramics.
1.3 The impact of the epidemic is being phased out, the construction of 5g is accelerating, and the 3q20 performance stoppage is set at 18% cagr. In 2019 there was a decline in earnings, mainly due to the de-stocking of the electronics industry and the fratricidal friction of Central America and the United States.
2. Power mlcc, which captures import substitution markets 2.1, market size exceeds $13 billion, and mobile communications is the largest market where mlcc high frequency features are good and are widely used in mobile electronics, wireless communications, etc.
Ceramic capacitors, or multi-layer ceramic capacitors, which are folded in a misplaced way by ceramic media films that are printed with electrodes (inner electrodes), formed by a single high-temperature filament of ceramic chips, and then sealed on both ends of the chip metal layers (outer electrodes). Its main role in the circuits is coupling, decoupling, filtering, etc.
By contrast, mlcc has high frequency characteristics, pressure-resistant range, wide capacity, wide work temperature range, high stability, small size, cheap prices, etc., and is widely applied in the areas of mobile electronics, wireless communications, etc. The global market is over $13 billion, and mobile communications is the largest application market.
The Information Centre for Associations projects a global market of $13.1 billion in 2020. Of this, mobile communications domain demand is over 50%, the largest application market. Kemet data show that in 2019, mobile equipment, industry, pc and consumer electronics, and motor vehicle demand for mlcc were 55%, 20%, respectively.
5g upgrades mobile phones and base stations for mlcc. The upgrade of wireless communication technology has resulted in more frequency bands.
To upgrade from 4t4r or 8t8r in the 4g era to 64t64r, or even 128t128r. Since each passage requires the corresponding radio frequency and non-source devices, the application of the massivemimo technology will double the mlcc demand for the package in the 5g. Taiyoyuden predicts that the base station will double the mlcc in 2023.
Compared to traditional cars, there has been a significant increase in the electronicization of electric vehicles, from new electrical controls, battery management systems, from audio and entertainment systems to adas systems, to fully automated driving systems, and so on.
Increases in mlcc. Murata projects a high demand for mlcc for power systems in pure electric car bev at 2000-2500, well above 300-500/cars in conventional vehicles, with an Iv3 auto-piloted electric vehicle, which would take about 10,000 mlccs, more than three times as much as in conventional vehicles.
There has been a significant increase in the demand for mlcc for vehicles, which will be 1.9 times higher in 2023 than in 2019. 20: The projected need for mlcc for vehicles in 2023 is 1.9 times higher than in 2019.
xevtechnologytrend--autodrivetechnologytrend celamiccapacitormodule
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices Online.
Information safetycapacitor electricvehicle
gathing (Forobcy-capacitor)plug-inhybrid
I don't know what you're talking about, senor, camera.
Radar, Lidar, highqmlcc siliconcapacitor
v2x,etc.hev (forsnubber)
hybrid automotivegrad metalterminal
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be a processor, a/i, power automotivegrade.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
(fordc-link)
I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it.
"Hightemperature filmcapacitor (single) (forsmoothing)
2.2 The supply chain autonomy can be strongly denounced, and the import of mlcc replaces the historical opportunity Japan has a monopoly on Taiwan. In 2019, the first three mlcc incomes were 71% of the murata, the Samstar and the country’s giant global markets, and the top six Mlcc firms accounted for more than 90% of the total market size.
During the post-war period, the Japanese downstream electronics industry grew up with the successful launch of the post-pc and smartphone industries. Three Stars, which rose in the 1990s through a large pool of talent and countercyclical investments, enjoyed pc and pc.
In 2000, after a rapid build-up of the Philips Ceramics and Magnetic Materials sector, Taiwan benefited from the development of a proxy industry and began to move into the second class of the global mlcc. Horizontal comparison of aluminium electrolysis capacitors, electric senses, thin film capacitors, mlcc market size and national production substitution.
In terms of the size of the market, ecia data show that in 2019 the global market for capacitors, electric senses, resistors was $203, 46, 2.8 billion, with mlcc, aluminum decomposition and film capacitors accounting for 63%, 26%, 11%, respectively, and mlcc being the largest market in the area of resistance.
The potential for alternatives to mlcc’s national production is also greatest. Aluminium electrolysis condensed shares in the Aluminium and Aihua Group and Jianghai in 2019 accounted for about 6.1% and 5.7% of the global aluminium electrolysis market in 2019; in the field of electrosensors, the share in the global electricity market in 2019 was about 8.3%; and in the country’s mlcc peaks were high in 2019.
As a global electronic manufacturing base, the country needs to import large amounts of mlcc annually, from 2017 to 2019.
369.46, 60523, 46.640 billion yuan in national production and alternative space. Beginning in 2016, Japanese manufacturers, represented by Murada, phased out medium- and low-end models and turned to high-end product markets, while manufacturers such as the giants and the Samsung motors took advantage of their opportunities to supply the tight market conditions and raise prices substantially, which led to greater pressure and higher costs for raw materials.
In recent years, China’s trade frictions with the US, China’s and China’s events have raised awareness of the importance of supply chain autonomy. Large import-substituting markets, increasing supply-chain security, and mlcc-substitution have ushered in a period of historic opportunity.
Figure 24: Large price increases for mlcc in 2018, yuan/thousand dollars 2.3, firm technology reserves, expansion of mlcc operations, 20 years of low-key advance, and technological build-up. Three rings started their R & D and production at the earliest in 2000.
The tile ceramic capacitors (mlcc), which have developed over 20 years, have accumulated a great deal of technical experience in the production of media material formulations, conductive slurry, product design, process installations and equipment technology, and have been patented for 10 nuclear hearts. In recent years, the company has carried out high reliability, very small size, high tolerance, high frequency, and high intensity.
The technology is growing in terms of the development and testing of mlcc products, etc. Table 6: The company’s technological reserves in the mlcc area are deep, its capacity expands 12 times in three years, and its full-scale energy is mlcc operations.
On March 5, 2020, the company released an additional plan to invest $2.285 billion in the 5g communications technology adaptation project for high-quality, multilayered ceramic capacitors, which will mainly develop high-reliability, high-compatibility, miniaturization, high-frequency mlcc products.
Mlcc monthly, with an additional income of $1.56 billion. After all, the company ' s Mlcc gross output is expected to reach 24 billion per month, expanding by nearly 12 times over three years, following the overall scale of high-tech, giant and Chinese science.3 Traditional core plugs, pkg, bastions, etc., benefit from 5g and national production trends.
3.1. Ceramic core: The construction of the idc and 5g base stations is the point of view for the future. The main function of the Ceramic core is the physical docking of fibres, which is usually used to connect to fibre-optic activities.
The primary effect of ceramic cores is to achieve a physical docking of fibres, usually in combination with a ceramic tube, two cores in two fibre-optic tails and a pairing of cylinders that act as a pointer. The main areas of application of ceramic cores and tubes are fibre-optic connectors, optical circuits and light modules, 2019 in the country.
The market size is about $1.6 billion. Ceramic cores are widely used in light network connections, circuit points, and terminals, of which about 72% are for fibre optic connectors, about 25% for other lightless devices such as optical circuits, light modules, and about 3% for light-sourced devices. Fibre connectors, optical circuits, and light modules are used extensively in light.
Wireless communication network, communications base station, and idc. According to the Center for Research in Neo-Industries, in 2019, we sold about 4 billion fibre-optic ceramic cores, assuming a unit price of 0.4 yuan per product, the domestic market for ceramic cores in 2019, the data centre is moving in a large direction, and the demand for ceramic cores continues to rise.
The data centre has become the core of computing, storage, and traffic tolling. The demand for the idc server continues to rise as the number of messages to be stored and processed increases geometrically. According to gartner, the number of servers installed in the global idc in 2017 exceeded 55 million and is expected to exceed 62 million in 2020. The data centre is rich.
The transmission scene requires a large number of fibre-optic jumpers and optical modules, such as the common set of racks between the inthopaedic switch and the server, between the rack equipment and the rack equipment, between the switch and the switch, between the data centre and the data centre, etc. As an important component of the fibre-optic jump and the light module, ceramic cores will continue to benefit from the idc construction.
In wireless station applications, fibre optics support longer connectivity distances and higher data transfer rates, while building, maintaining, upgrading costs are lower, and there is better data security and integrity. As a result, wireless stations usually use light.
Fibre links allow for back-to-back transmission links between base stations and antennas, base stations, and other networks. A large number of 5g base stations will be built to drive the demand for light devices (light connectors) and will further expand the market size of ceramic cores.
It is expected that the growth rate of 15% or more will be maintained, reaching 6 billion by 2022. According to the above price assumptions, ceramic tricycles are prominent and ceramic cores can grow over time. Prior to 2000, ceramic core production technology was monopolized by the Japanese company, represented by Japanese china.
The three rings are the only manufacturers in the country that have achieved integration from powder to production, and the raw materials are home-made, and the three-ring group has a greater cost advantage. After the 2016 price checkout, a large number of small and medium-sized producers have left the market, and the competitive environment is clearly optimized. At present, the company is in a position of absolute leadership in the ceramic core market, and it will also be in the future.
3.2, pkg: Entering the saw filter market, the size of the income is expected to grow faster.
Ceramic sealing is a three-dimensional interconnected structure that is printed with guidance graphics and impulsively with an electroconductor perforated porcelain, in a sequence of foldings, processed through the atmosphere-protected scalding process. The porcelain sealing base is used mainly for the encapsulation of stone crystals and saw microchips, and a stone crystal crystal.
The filter or saw will need to be accompanied by a ceramic envelope base, and pkg will function primarily as: (1) providing a platform for the chip to be installed to protect from external mechanical damage and to prevent corrosion of environmental moisture, acid gases and electrodes made on the chip, meeting the requirements for a gas-sensitive envelope; and (2) making the casing smaller and thinner.
and surface-fixable; (3) connects the electrodes on the chip to the electrodes on the circuit board by means of the metal welding zone on the base, leading the internal and external circuits. Saw filters and crystal oscillators are on a similar scale to the pkg market, but the saw filter market increases faster.
Quick. According to the following assumptions, we measure the size of the crystalline pkg market in 2019 at about $1.80 billion, and in 2023 at about $2.19 billion. The size of the saw filter pkg market in 2019 is about $1.95 billion, and it is expected to grow to $2.77 billion in 2023.
Assumption 1: cs&a projects a global frequency component output of $3.234 billion and annual sales of frequency elements. Assumption 2: yole projects a market size of approximately $8 billion for front-end RF filters in 2017 and $22.5 billion in 2023, of which the share of saw filters in 2019 is about 56 per cent and 40 per cent in 2023.
Assumption 3: IR data show that the size of the domestic market for saw filters reached 15.48 billion yuan in 2018, requiring 15.12 billion dollars, at a unit price of about $1024 per unit. Assumption 4: Crystal oscillator pkg per unit price of 8 points per unit price and saw filter per unit price of 0.45 yuan per unit price.
Figure 34: 5g leads the rapid growth of the front end of the radio frequency market, with billions of dollars to cut into the saw filter china sealing base market, opening up the business growth space. Prior to 2008, the porcelain sealing base market was largely monopolized by Japanese companies, with Japanese china being the leader of the market, with the city as high as 80%.
By 2010, the ring group achieved a lot of ceramic envelopes, choosing the simplest stone-English crystal oscillator as an entry point, and is now large-scale, becoming the country’s leading supplier of ceramic envelopes. After the crystal oscillator pkg market has been stabilized, the company actively expands the saw filter pkg market.
There has been a breakthrough and a rapid start, with the company’s market share likely to continue to rise as competition withdraws from the sea-king porcelain on hand. The doubling of market size, the rapid growth of demand in the 5g context, and the increase in the share ensure that the company’s ceramic envelopes are well developed.
3.3. Ceramic tablets: indirect beneficiaries of the trend towards national production of electrical resistance Ceramic tablets are the core components of the resistance. Ceramic tiles are based on electronic ceramics and form a substrate for thick membrane circuits and extrapolated components. Ceramic tablets, compared to plastics and metal chips, form a substrate.
With the advantages of high-temperature resistance, high electrical insulation, low power constants and medium loss, high heat conductivity, and good chemical stability. Ceramic tiles are mainly used to create fragments of resistance, high voltage focus, thick membrane integration circuits, small-scale electrons, crystalline oscillators, etc., and are used to carry fixed membrane resistance and interconnection wires.
Figure 36: Ceramic film is a ceramic-like material. Figure 37: Ceramic-based film is a core component of a piece of resistance.
koa estimates that there will be less than 3,000 electric barriers to fuel vehicles, more than 4,500 to electric vehicles and 4,000 to electric vehicles. As new energy vehicles become more widely available, the demand for market-based barriers will increase steadily and will drive the demand for ceramic base sheets.
The three rings are one of the world’s leading producers of ceramic tiles, producing aluminium oxide tiles that are internationally advanced in terms of product physiology and use performance. Corporate customers include the world’s leading resisters, such as the Great China, Huaxinco, Matsu.
Trade frictions in China and the US have accelerated resistance to national production, and Feng Huagau has been active in expanding production (an expansion of 28 billion units per month was announced in December 2020) to meet the demand of downstream terminal producers for the nationalization of their components.
Figure 40: Downstream electrical resistance to national production leads to domestic demand for ceramic tablets 4 - Continuous expansion of the variety around ceramic materials, with a number of new items such as machetes, mammoths, 4.1. Ceramic machete: extra-code ceramic machete business, taking advantage of market pre-emptions 4
Ceramic machetes are welding tools in the process of fused threads in the area of chip encapsulation. In the ic envelope, the connection between the chip and the fuse frame (baseboard) provides a circuit connection to the distribution of the power source and the signal, and the above-mentioned circuit connections are made in three ways: welded backwards, welded automatically with a belt, and welded with a fuse.
Convergence. Ceramicbonding is a symmetrically symmetrically symmetrically symmetrical tool, a welding tool used in the coupling of threads in the microelectric processing field, whose main function is to be a welding needle used as a keying machine, which is widely used to control silicon, acoustic surface waves, led, diodes, triodes, ic chips, etc.
The process flow of a ceramic cutter in a pull-line bonding process includes: (1) gold wire through the inner hole of a ceramic cutter, forming a golden ball at the tail, and a ceramic cutter moving down, while automatically opening a wire clip, forming a sphere at a given key-linking point; and (2) a ceramic cutter moving up to arc height, moving again and dropping to a second-key convergence point.
Line arc. At this point, the ceramic cutter automatically closes the wire clip and puts pressure on the gold line at the second key, crushing the gold line, thus forming a tailing bond; (3) automatically opens the wire clip, the ceramic cutter rises, the end line enters and exits during the rise, stops at the initial height, and automatically closes the wire clip, hits the pole and fires it into a gold ball, thus completing the one.
Figure 41: Ceramic machetes are mainly used for led, chip, etc., in the wrapping of graph 42: Ceramic machetes are important welding tools for the Bondine machine.
Ceramic symmetrically symmetrically symmetrically symmetrically symmetrically designed ceramic components of a micro-precision structure.
The fuse buttons for lines like ic chips are sealed together. By means of the guided wire material through the ceramic cutter, the chips are electronically connected to the puller by means of a combination of the Bonding machine (the welding machine) and the ceramic cutter. The use of the tiles will have a direct impact on the quality and stability of the wrapping of the key, so it is in semiconductor seal technology.
According to the company ' s June 12, 2020 announcement, the company expects the global market demand for ceramic machetes to be about 42 million a year, in China.
At present, the main manufacturers of ceramic machetes are Swiss spt, United States k&s and gaiser, Korean peco and kosma, which together account for about 90% of the global market and are not yet home-grown.
Like ceramic cores, with smaller inner holes, more precision in processing, and more complex structures at the cutting edge. Since 2013, the tri-ring group has been working on the development of ceramic machete, building on the original ceramic core technology, and has been working on the whole process from design, powder, formation, combing to processing, processing and testing.
In terms of product performance, the company has reached the industry average.
Investment of $340 million in the semiconductor chip wrapping industry project. The project will add 18 million new design capacity per year, with an additional operating income of $250 million per year.
The electronic slurry is one of the basic materials for the manufacture of electronic components. Depending on the use, the electronic slurry can be divided into three categories: resistance, conductor slurry, and medium slurry. The electronic slurry is a mixture of solid powders and organic solvents.
The thick membrane resistance is used to create electric resistance. The thick membrane resistance is a barrier made from the smooth deposition of the thick membrane resistance slurries on the porcelain. The membrane resistance is the evaporation of certain resistance material by vacuum, magnetic control spilling.
The global market for electrical blockage is about $3 billion and is dominated by Japanese businesses. The piece consists of electrical blockage (slurry), conductive slurry (silk slurry), silver slurry, glass slurry, etc. In 2016, the national china material was acquired eastward.
According to the Oyresearch year, the market is about 3 billion yuan. The market is highly monopolized, and a few companies, such as friends, du Pont, valuable metals in the fields, and tri-rings, are the main players in the market.
The active expansion of resisters offers a unique opportunity to expand the company’s slurry business. Three rings are the country’s only real-scale producers of resistant slurry. From the patents submitted, the company had full access in 2016 to the resistance slurries using oxidium dioxide.
In the context of the accelerated domesticization of electronics, the active expansion of downstream resisters offers a unique opportunity to expand the company’s slurry business. In 2019, the company completed some of its customer certification and supply preparations, and in 2020 it achieved its scale.
Should. The company ' s electronic slurry business is expected to grow rapidly and continuously with the massive expansion of downstream customers. 4.3. Fuel cell diaphragms: sofcs industrialize accelerated business expansion. Fuel cells are energy transformation units that directly convert the chemical energy of fuel into electricity.
The fourth method of continuous power generation following hydropower, thermal and nuclear power generation has a number of technological advantages that are incomparable with conventional power generation. Compared to lithium cells and conventional engines, the main technology of fuel cells (1) is environmentally friendly, and the fuel cell engine system and the lithium cell motor system are in place compared to the fuel engine.
There is no pollution discharge during the operation and can be applied to the entire vehicle as a good substitute for a fuel engine; (2) low-temperature performance, which allows low-temperature start-up at minus 30°c, conventional lithium batteries below 20°c, unchargeable in a low-temperature environment, with potential mileage losses of about 30%;
(iii) Longer range, with commercial vehicle renewals of more than 500 km; (4) short period of time to be added, with commercial vehicles of about 15 minutes or so, much faster than lithium battery vehicles. From the application scene, fuel cell cars are suitable for long-distance, large, commercial use and will be long-term in parallel with pure electric vehicles.
Solid-state oxide fuel cells (sofcs) are fuel cells that use solid-state oxidium oxides, oxidium oxides as electrolytes and work at high temperatures. Sofcs also have the following advantages compared to other fuel cells: (1) fully solid body structures, no problems of liquid electrolytic containment and leakage or corrosion with electrodes; (2) cell work can be used
Sofcs are used mainly in three main directions, fixed power generation, transport and portable power sources. Marketsandmarkets data show global solid oxides in 2025.
The size of the fuel cell market will increase from US$ 772 million in 2020 to US$ 2,881 million, with a compound annual growth rate of about US$ 44: The global market of sofcs will grow steadily, US$ 45: Fixed power generation is the main current application with the greatest transport potential
On June 26, 2019, under the direction of the National Energy Authority, the White Paper on the Hydrogen Energy and Fuel Cell Industry in China was officially released, with a projected annual production of 50,000 fuel cells nationwide by 2025, 1,000 fixed power stations and 60,000 fuel cell systems.
Broome core supplier, Thailand subsidiary, circumvents trade friction effects. The fuel cell diaphragm is a ceramic functional film with a defined size and shape, used as a electrolyte for solid oxide fuel cell sofcs.
With the transfer of ions (h+ and o2-) between the cathodes and the anodes, isolation of exposure to air and fuel gases (e.g., clean energy sources) and isolation of the cathodes and the anodes, avoiding short circuits in exposure to the two electrodes. The company has been developing fuel cell diaphragm panels since 2005 and has been technologically advanced and developed, and has mastered the powder.
The process technology spread to scalding is the world’s leading provider of fuel cell diaphragm panels and the core supplier of fuel cell lead Blum energy. After the trade friction between China and the United States, the company responded positively and reduced the tariff impact by establishing a Thai company to take over the fuel cell diaphragm, which has now been gradually restored to the gallows.
Pre-tax level. Corporate sofcs diaphragms operations are expected to start at a steady pace in the future as the industrialization of fuel cells accelerates. Figure 46: Fuel cell diaphragm panels (electricly decomposition) are the core components of sofcs. Figure 47: The establishment of a Thai subsidiary is expected to restore the diaphragm panels revenue
== sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man
Cathode 5, Prospectives for Profit and Investment Proposal Scenario 1: In electronic components and materials, mlcc-beneficiary production and capacity release of income from 2020-2022
For the first time, a "buy-in" rating was given. The three-ring group was a good electronic ceramic platform-type enterprise in the country, with materials, equipment, manufacturing, vertically integrated business layouts shaping the company's wide-ranging moat. In the context of the accelerated replacement of electronics, the rapid expansion of capacity led to the acceleration of mlcc operations.
The company’s growth ceiling was opened in a step-by-step process around the continued expansion of ceramic materials, with new items such as machetes and mammoths. In our view, the company’s activities compare to other passive units such as electrosensives, aluminium electrolysis capacitors, and thin film capacitors.
In addition, the tri-ring group, which is scarce as an electronic ceramic platform company, should have a certain value premium. For the first time, the three-ring mlcc competition has increased, with the risk of falling prices; the company’s capacity to release is limited; and the customer’s ability to exploit is below expectations.