Researchchand developmentcenter South China’s drug consumption has grown steadily and profitability has continued to optimize
South China’s drug consumption is growing steadily, and the profitability is improving.
White Cloud Mountain (600332), which covers health-care beverages, medical health and commerce, is the leading pharmaceutical industry in South China, where business is integrated. In 2023, the company collected $75.5 billion in large health, medicine and commerce.
In 2023, the market for cold tea beverages was expected to grow steadily, with a pattern of competition between the two oligarchs. Since 2018, the price wars between Wang and Gardobo have ended.
In recent years, the company has continued with 3. Big Nam: balanced development of Chinese pharmacogens and growth of the otc brand driven robust growth.
In 2023, the company collected 10,89 million dollars, of which 57.59 per cent were for Chinese medicine and 42.41 per cent for chemical medicine. There were a lot of famous products under the flag, including thirsty pills, kidney breeding, fetal pills, small wood-hull particles, replanting pills, Chasang-gi-jum, seven-star tea particles for children, and desolate spirits.
In recent years, the chemical plate has come to an end as a result of a combination of low prices, and the anti-ed drug gold is a well-known brand that is not affected by retail terminal prices. We think that the big business of thirsty pills, Gingo, and so on is a big business: structural excellence leads to high-quality development, and profitability is expected to continue to improve.
In 2023, the company collected $52.76 billion in large-scale businesses. On the industry side, the two-counting and collection policy is in the broader context of increased concentration in the pharmaceutical circulation industry, corporate full-product distribution coverage + supply chain and logistics value-added services, and continuous improvement in the distribution network.
At the distribution end, supply chain value-added services are based on logistics services.
The White Cloud Hill business covers health-care beverages, medical health and commerce, and the company is a business-integrated South China medicine.
In 2023, the company collected 75.5 billion yuan, while the Great Health, Great Nandu and Great Business Division actually controlled the people's government in Guangzhou City, showing a marked downward trend in all three of the company's cost rates starting in 2017, reflecting the effectiveness of the company's cost-control measures and structural adjustments in line with high-quality development goals.
In 2023, the Great Health Camp received about 11.12 billion, the market for cold tea beverages is expected to grow robustly, with a pattern of competition between the two-hull heads, and since 2018, the price wars between Wang and Gadobo have ended, Wang and Ji are expected to grow faster than Wang and help Wang and Ji grow faster than in the cold tea industry.
In 2023, the company’s Grand South Pharmacies collected $10.89 billion, the most famous products being thirsty pills, kidney-breeding pills, pyrotechnics, pyrotechnic replants, Xia Sun-gills, seven star tea particles, elixir particles, and ammonium hysterics.
The anti-ed drug Gingo is a well-known brand and is not subject to retail terminal prices. We believe that the continued power of the big monoliths, such as thirsty pills and gold, is expected to drive a steady growth of 5-10% of the company’s south plate.
At the industry level, the concentration of the pharmaceutical industry has increased in the broader context of the policy of double-counting and clustering, corporate full-product distribution coverage + supply chain and logistics value-added services, and distribution networks have continued to improve. At the operational level, retailing and direct sales have increased, while the overall and local structure of operations has been optimized, with large commercial profitability raised.
High, the net interest rate rose from 0.86 per cent in 2018 to 1.21 per cent in 2023. At the distribution end, the supply chain value-added clothing is centred on logistics services, customer structure is stable, and distribution networks are large.
1.1.1.a Unit +h Unit, parallel to the review of the development history of White Cloud Mountain 27 years ago, with a balanced development of its diverse operations.
In addition, companies are involved in the development, production, wholesale, retailing, and export-import operations of specialized medical institutions such as hospitals, support institutions, etc. Services that have basically achieved the industry-wide layout of the biomedical and health industries and are business-as-one leading pharmaceutical companies in South China.
Looking back at the history of White Cloud Hills since its establishment, it can be roughly divided into four phases: 1) The company’s first creation in 1997-2008: the 10 years since its establishment, exploration and start-up in the South China region of business integration was the first phase of the whole company’s creation.
During this phase, the company’s operations are composed mainly of pharmaceuticals and distributions: in the pharmaceutical sector, they are part of Wang Yang’s brands, Xiaoqin, Pan Gao-hyun, and Xeschilin, among others, and in the distribution and circulation business, the company actively expands its score.
Distribution channels, with mature pharmaceutical distribution networks in the South China region at its core, and the expansion of major terminals such as medicine, retailing, community and rural areas.
With the onset of the financial crisis in 2008, the domestic macroeconomic environment faced serious challenges and aggregate demand in the market was tightened, while the change in accounting standards in that year led to a shift to equity in accounting measurement for the operations of large business portfolios, which did not account for the consolidated statements, resulting in a significant decrease in the size of the collection, but with less substantial operational impact.
During the next three years, the company ' s operations were not continuously affected by the financial crisis, including the centralized procurement of bulk medicines and the construction of the Chinese pharmaceutical Gap Base, reducing the cost of the various links, improving the pharmaceutical and circulation in conjunction with its own distribution operations, and integrating them.
The year 2012 was a crucial one for the White Cloud Mountain, where the brand of Wang Yang was removed, and a large health business was officially opened. During this phase, the cold tea drink business moved ahead in a fierce competition, which resulted in high sales costs, among other things, in the cold tea market, where the harvest was not growing fast, but the high Maori rate of the cold tea business.
The company ' s profitability was effectively enhanced by the six-year net profit capr = 43.31%. At this stage, White Cloud Hill's overall recovery and net profit were well advanced. In 2018, White Cloud Hill completed the acquisition of 30% of the company ' s shareholding in the big business block, the big business block and the big healthy block ' s increased profitability.
The impact of the epidemic, reduced demand for domestic consumer goods and medicines, a slight decline in corporate revenue, a return to business in 2021 with an 11.9 per cent increase in business income and a 27.6 per cent increase in net profit from mother to mother; and an overall 1.1.2.a+h stock structure, a healthy whole-of-industry chain of medicine, 2022-2023
The real control of the company is the Guangzhou City People's Government, and the group holds 45.04 per cent of the company's shares.
1) The main establishments of the Great Health Block are the production, development and sale of products such as beverages, food, health products, and cosmetics, and the main subsidiaries include the Wang Ji Dae-hyde Company and the Wang Gyeong-Gi Pharmacy Industries; 2) the main businesses of the Grand South Pharmacology Block are the production and sale of medium, chemical and biological medicines, and the main subsidiaries
It's the group medicine industry, the Chinese medicine industry, the Chen Lizi pharmaceutical industry, the Kisung pharmaceutical industry, the Pan Goo medicine industry, the Chinese medicine industry, the Chinese medicine industry, the Ho Chi Kong pharmaceutical industry, the Guangzhou Hanfeng pharmaceutical company, the Baidi company of Guangzhou, the White Cloud Mountain and Yellow Company, White Cloud Mountain, and the White Cloud Mountain system.
Medical Import & Export Company, Tsesilin Pharmaceuticals, Tsesilin Pharmaceuticals, Healthy People Pharmaceuticals and Ying Bong Pharmacy, etc.) Major Medical Blocks are operated by hospitals, health-care providers and appliances, the main subsidiary of which is White Cloud, Guangzhou
Hill Hospital, Guangzhou Medical and Equipment Corporation, Yunkang Month Company, etc. 1.2. The post-epidemiological period is back and structural adjustment operations are gaining momentum, and we can interpret the recent changes in the harvest in White Cloud Mountain in three stages:
1) Between 2015 and 2018, the size of the harvest grew more steadily, while the net profit from the return of the mother grew at a high rate, and the net profit from the return of the mother during the four years = 27.55 per cent, mainly because of the better development of the large health plates and the company ' s profits 2), the size of the harvest in Mount White has risen significantly over the two years in a row between 2018 and 2019, mainly by means of a large increase in the size of the harvest.
The impact of the acquisitions on the two companies took place in mid- and late-years, respectively, and in 2019 there was a return on profits when the size of the collections continued to grow, first of all because of the larger fair value change gains from the two purchases in 2018 and the shift of long-term equity investments in the single drug industry, which led to the return in 2018.
The net profit of the mother exceeded normal levels, followed by a slight adjustment in the company's business and financial accounting in 2019 as the company's “wind efficiency year”, with the goal of high-quality development.3 The new crown outbreak in 2020, with the macro-environment downturn, led to a weak growth in corporate performance.
The division's operations remain robust, with the launch of the Big Star project, the revival of the old word in response to the needs of the epidemic, and the creation of a series of new items, such as increased advertising inputs, full-scale distribution, and distribution of pro-poor consumption vouchers, using Wang Ji's brand advantage. At the same time, the company continues to implement cost-fixing to reduce the price.
Cost rates and improved efficiency and profitability. The impact of the 2021 epidemic is gradually decreasing, and companies are clearly warming. 1.2.2. Three major operations are well under way, and the Greater Healthy South Business has a three-pronged business. 1) The collection structure is stable, with larger businesses taking a larger share.
The company ' s current business consists of three large health, big business and big southern medicine sections, with a much higher revenue structure since 2018, mainly influenced by the large business sector subsidiaries.
In 2023, three major plates maintained robust growth, with a combined contribution of over 70 per cent of 52.76 billion (same 2) in 2023 in large commercial plates and Māori for Greater South medicines, and in recent years Māori was the first to rise in integrated Māori.
The decline was mainly due to a significant increase in the income share of large commercial pharmaceutical companies, with low Māori-rate medicine distribution operations lowering the overall Māori ratio of the company. The Māori rate reached the bottom in 2020 as a result of the epidemic. The Māori rate recovered slightly with the overall warming of the health and soft beverage industry.
Figure 7: Māori and Māori in corporate sub-operations
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the company Māori fell, and in 2023, the Māori drug and the healthy Māori recovered. 3) The Māori rate has continued to rise, and the cost-covering effect has been evident.
Expected structural adjustments under the objectives of the project. 2. Healthy: sustained increase in profitability, robust growth of cool tea taps 2.1. High health business performance contribution is over 40 per cent, and profitability continues to improve
The company ' s large health portfolio includes the production, development and sale of products such as beverages, food, health products, mainly from companies such as the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Wang Ji Dae-hye health company, and the Wang Ji Pharmacy industry: the main product package, including Wang Ji ' s cold tea, the Rim-Ji series, Lindzi ' s oil capsules, throat sugar, turtle ointment, etc.
In 2016-2021, apart from 2020, which was more affected by the epidemic, the income from the Great Health Service achieved a steady two-digit annual health operation, and in 2023, Wang Guixiang received about 90% of the income from the Great Health Programme.
In 2023, the income from the company ' s high health business was 14.72%, the ratio from the high health Maori was 34.80%, and the net profit from Wang Ghee Dae ' s health business was growing well, and the net interest rate continued to rise after controlling the price of the fee. Except for the larger 2020 period, the net profit from Wang Ghee Ghe Dynasty continued to grow from 2016 to the present; the net interest rate went from 2016 to 2016.
Wang Jing Big Health further refined the management of channels and raised the end-market rate. In addition, Wang Jing Big Health has continued its efforts to control the price of fees, reduce the cost of channel inputs and effectively raise the level of profitability. 2.2. The cold tea market is growing steadily, and the market is expected to grow robustly and revenue from the promotion of new products is expected to grow.
According to an intellectual research consultant, cold tea as a health-care beverages product has been accepted in the international market and has become completely competitive in the global market competition in the soft-drinking sector. The global market for cold tea retailed in 2022 was close to $11.78 billion, an increase of 8.66 per cent over the previous year.
In 2022, the market for cold tea reached 55.1 billion yuan, an increase of 12.7 per cent, which is influenced by regional economic levels, consumption habits, and the layout of the main branding channels of the cold tea industry.
The main competitors for the cold tea are Wang Ji, Kadabao and his protagonists, and in the canned tea sector Wang Ji and Gato, while their cold tea is mainly focused on the bottled cold tea market. Overall, the market competition is dominated by the king.
We believe that, as the impact of the epidemic on economic consumption diminishes, the market for cold tea beverages in our country is likely to grow steadily. As the population’s health awareness is rising, it is becoming more and more healthy, plant-based diets are being pursued.
2.2.2. “Mark marketing + new product roll-out + channel opening”, Wang Jing's continued efforts to boost market share, and in recent years Wang Jing's promotion of differentiated, refined marketing, including rejuvenation, technologicalization, and cool tea culture marketing, has been a major step forward.
There are a number of new marketing initiatives around the bottle, including the introduction of the "Big House Can," "Teacher's Name" and the introduction of a young-nameed philanthropy, such as "The Sons of Tomorrow" in 2017. The rejuvenation of Wang's name will not only bring new consumer growth, but will also help to beat the new ones he will present.
Figure 17: Wang Ji's only name is tomorrow's son, Figure 16: Wang Ji's family name totem cans
It's all a wonderful beginning. Wang Ji passed it through a series of products, such as a family name, a totem tank, a totem can, a ton can, and a series of products, in a unique way.
Let's bring the good prayer to the public. May everyone have a good badge, and every good moment begins with Wang Jie. See the video.
According to the daily food network, in June 2016 Wang Ji launched a sugar-free, low-sugar-suited tea, while the Queen Queen Qi, based on classic cold tea, introduced many new products of cold tea. In addition, he jumped out of the cold tea market and introduced new products such as coconuts and squished lemons.
In China, the new state reports a rapid increase in the sale of Lygia, which reached $500 million in 2020, and $1 billion in 2021. The new products of cold tea continue to focus on health issues, mainly health-free sugar, low sugar, and fat.
The quest for a healthy diet has been rising year by year, accelerating the rapid rise in the market for healthy beverages. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the market for sugar-free beverages and sugar-free tea beverages continued to grow during 2017-2022, and we expect the market for sugar-free beverages to continue to grow.
Figure 20: 2017-2027e Rapid growth in the size of China ' s sugar-free tea beverages market 2015-2027e Size of the sugar-free beverage market We believe that Wang Jing can effectively consolidate existing channels and open new channels by promoting new and accurate marketing through products
2.3. There has been an increase in Wang Jing ' s profitability in recent years, as shown in figure 23, 2023, where Wang Jing ' s net interest rate was upper average in the industry, and in 2023, where net interest rate fluctuations in the company ' s net interest rate have increased.
To improve image-building, standardizing end-use standards, and raising end-market rates. In addition, the Wang Guixeng Health Department has continued to work on cost-covering, cutting channel cost inputs, orderly product price stabilization, and effectiveness, and we have made projections for the next three years of the Great Health Block, assuming the following assumptions:
In terms of income-end projections, based on the above analysis, we believe that the size of the cold tea market is expected to grow steadily over the next few years, that Wang Gigi's income growth is expected to continue the trend of the past few years, and that in addition to 2020, which was severely affected by the epidemic, we chose the net interest rate forecast for the 2016-2020 subsidiary Wang Ghee Gian, a net health interest rate for businesspe.
Taking into account the larger share of non-recurrent gains and losses in terms of large health government subsidies, assuming that government subsidies are approximately equivalent to large health plates, the average of the past three years of large health non-recurrent gains and losses over the next three years is, respectively, the average for the past three years.
According to the company ' s 2023 report, the company owns the Chinese medicine industry, the Chen Lizi pharmaceutical factory, the Kisung medicine industry, the Chinese medicine industry, the Chinese medicine industry, the Pangao medicine industry and the Chinese medicine industry, 10 of which are 100-year-old companies.
In total, 324 varieties were included in the National Health Care Directory, 331 in the Provincial Health Care Directory and 143 in the National Base Medicine Directory; the main Chinese products included thirsty pills, small wood-peed particles, kidney-breeding pills, slate-blue-grain series, Hwat-reflection pills, brain-cleaning series, open-sewing series, complex tablets.
The Blue Root Particle Series, the Co-Frandish Film Series, the Angiya Cows, the Chasang Jus, the Pocket Series, the Beacon, the Breathrous Breaths, the Brethren Nephthals, the Nephthals of the Great Gospel, the Comforts, and so on, have clear intermediate drug plates and variety advantages in the South China region and in the country as a whole.
The group has a complete industrial chain of antibiotics from raw to agent, a product group that covers the common varieties of anti-bacterial anti-inflammation, male-specific drugs, and painkillers. The group integrates the brand of antibiotics with its branded “resistance” in order to create a market image of the country’s first brand of oral anti-inflammation drugs.
Dinafi (commodity name “Kingo”), sodium in injected head sulfon, Amosilin, Achacofol dispersed, acetoxone series, potassium Amosilin Kravitate, Clincin phosphate injection fluids, ammonium yellow-sensitive capsules, sulfur sulfon heads, pyramids, pyridine heads, etc.
According to the company network, the company has a rich line of pharmaceutical products, with Chinese characters like Chen Li Chi and others, and Chinese medicine, which includes thirsty pills, the Qing Ling Lingue series, the Chasang Dynasty series, the Hua Xuan regenerative pill, the Anmiya Quantino yellow pill, Wang Quixian tea, Wang Qi Xiaoxing tea, Xianxing Dynasty pills, etc., and the main chemical products include head sulfur, head sorghum, head sorghum, etc.
The main health products are Wang Jie's cold tea, Ling Chi's oily capsules, etc.
The 12-year-old family name, Chen Li Ji Pharmacy, was founded in 1600, in the middle 1st pharmaceutical industry, in 1662.
To teach the medicine industry, founded in 1790, the medicine industry of Czechilin, founded in 1806, and the medicine industry of Wang Jie, founded in 1828
Star herbs, founded in 1868 and started at the Huang Xianghua Pharmacy, which was founded in 1875, formerly the Pang Goo Pharmacy, which was founded in 1890.
Ming Xing Pharmacy, founded in 1900, Kwanghua Pharmacy, founded in 1912, Ho Chi Jing Pharmacy, founded in 1938.
Healthy Medicine, founded in 1952, the main Chinese products include thirsty pills, the Qing Ling Lingue Series, the Xiaxang Juan Pyre Series, the Hua Xiaoqin Remaking pill, the Angiya Oxymaru, the Wang Qi's tea, the Wang Qi's seven-star tea, the winding skeletal pills, etc., the main chemical products include the head sulfur, the head schlep, the Amosilin, the Xi Xi Xi.
The main health products include Wang Jie's tea, Lindzi's oily soft capsules, etc. In 2023, the company earned $6,271 million in mid-medium medicine, and the Chinese medicine plate was derived mainly from larger brands, otc singles, and thirsty pills were the first single item.
For thirsty pills, kidney-breeding pills, pyrotechnics, pyroclastic regenerative pills, and pyrolytic particles, figure 27: In mid-2023, the share of income of the top five varieties of the drug plate was more than 30%.
In 2023, there was a rapid increase in the collection of thirsty pills and pyrotechnic granules, and in 2023, most of the products of the medium-sized tablets were branded " otc " , which were the company ' s first medium-manufacturing single product, and sales in recent years remained at about $400 million or more, with an increase of $524 million in operating income in 2023.
In the future, we expect that the monolith will effectively lead to an increase in the profitability of the overall Chinese pharmaceutical business.
3.3. Chemical plates: Performance increases faster than ever before owing to short-term pressure on the collection of medicines, national organization of the generalization of drug purchases, increasing use of generic drugs, marked declines in drug prices and further pressure on the chemical industry.
In 2021, the seven pre-corporated products, namely, the Xindi Xinjiang, the Amosilin series, and the first single Xinzia non-product (Gingo), received $1.290 billion in 2023, an increase of 22.62 per cent compared to the previous year, and the Māori rate of 91.76 per cent, a faster growth, was the main product driving the growth of Māori in the drug plate.
Gingo is not affected by retail terminal prices, and the competitiveness of well-known brand products is expected to grow robustly. Since his listing in 2014, it has been growing rapidly, with sales earnings of $40 million in 2016, rising to $1.29 billion in 2023.
In the last five years, the Māori rate has been over 85%, with an average Māori rate of about 90%, and a higher profitability of products. Because of its Māori rate, which is much higher than the other core varieties of the chemist plate, and the rapid increase in harvests, Māori has risen more than the income ratio over the past five years.
The main effect of the Quantum Collection is that the prices and size of the sales of Gingo at the end of hospitals, medical institutions, etc. do not affect its sales at the retail end. Figure 33: The Māori ratio of Gingo is greater than the income ratio
In recent years, the number of cases of ed-erogenesis disorders has been on the rise and is rejuvenating, as shown by the country’s health and wellness.
According to the data, the prevalence of ed is about 40% among men over 40 years of age. The oral phosphorus diesterase (pde5) inhibitor is still the preferred method of treatment for ed, and the more popular drugs include West Dinafi, Al-Dalafie, and Land Cruiser.
According to China Concemh, in 2022, our market sales in the anti-ed retail pharmacy channel were 6.08 billion yuan, an increase of 8.24 per cent, and, according to Minnet, in recent years the pde5 inhibitor was located at the Chinese retail pharmacy terminal (the city real pharmacy plus the online pharmacy)
The sales rose from year to year, exceeding $5.5 billion in 2021, an increase of more than 30%. Pfizer's knob was the first pde5 inhibitor into the domestic market, after which the domestic market for the ed drugs was dominated by three major multinational drug companies, Pfizer, René, and Bayer.
Year after year, sales and market shares rose, and Pfizer was successfully replaced in 2019 as a non-lead business in the interior and west of the country.
We believe that the competitive advantage of Gingo is reflected in three main aspects: high value for money, wide retail outlets, and high brand recognition.
The main competitive product is West China's Van Alco and Tatala. In terms of unit prices, according to the official Treasure Snacking Shop on June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 30 per cent. The Gingo unit price is 0.58/mg, Van Alco unit price is 1.24/mg, and the HAI unit price is 7.5/mg. In terms of unit prices, Gingo's unit price is 7.5/mg.
Core competitiveness two: the retail pharmacy channel covers a wide range of + power vendor channels that have been brand champions for many years, deep-deep retail stores in White Cloud Hill, rich in resources, and major domestic drug chains and throughout the country.
On March 18, 2016, Jingo won the Chinese Pharmacy magazine, Chinese Pharmacy House 2015-2016, which is the first year on the Tiancat's “Bing 11” drug list.
3.4. The profit forecast for the Great South Plate is based on the following assumptions: The income-end projection assumes that the Chinese and the main composition of the Great South Pharmacist are large varieties under the flag, large varieties of drugs.
There are relatively complete classes, and there are bright spots of higher income growth, such as the Gingo and the Nephrheal Prophylaxis. We believe that the Great Nan drug operation will recover from the effects of the epidemic in 2024-2026 and will maintain double-digit growth in the future. Net interest rate forecasts assume that companies are now gaining momentum and prospects, and that Maori contribute more to the core varieties of Gingo.
In addition, we measure the net profits of the 2019-2023 Great South drug based on historical levels in recent years, through the overall net profits of White Cloud Hill, large businesses and large health plates.
In combination with the trends in the coming years, we therefore assume that the net interest rate for the company ' s 2024 - 2026 Grand South Pharmacism Plate is respectively, and that the net profit and net interest rate for the 2019 - 2023 Grand South Pharmacism are measured through total net profit and large healthy, large business plate net profit scenarios, without any additional consideration for the non-recurring gains and losses of the business plate.
Table 5: Grand Nan Pharmacy plate comparable to corporate valuation 4. Large business: business architecture optimizes, profitability is expected to rise for more than 4.1. 70 years, big business moves into a high-quality development phase
According to the company ' s 2023 report, the group ' s large commercial block deals mainly in pharmaceutical circulation, including wholesale, retail and import and export operations such as pharmaceutical products, medical devices, health products, etc. The major enterprises include the company ' s subsidiary, the pharmaceutical company, and the cedarine pharmaceutical industry.
The central business of the commercial sector is mainly involved in the distribution and retailing of medicines. The industry uses the Chinese medicine domain to produce and sell Chinese medicinal products and tablets.
In 2023, Guangzhou medicine increased its income by 6.71% on a year-on-year basis. At the end of the income side, the biggest change in income for the listed company, White Cloud Mountain, between 2018 and 2020, was mainly the result of a 30% acquisition of Guangzhou medicine by White Cloud Mountain in 2018.
The overall business structure is the income share of the traditional distribution business is decreasing. ... The local structure is the share of the distribution business in the traditional transfer business is decreasing, the business for medical institutions, retail pharmacies and direct sales are increasing.
It is also related to the management incentives of pharmaceutical companies to operate in depth, to control the price of fees, and to achieve profitability in distribution: industry integration accelerates industrial concentration, value-added services strengthen competitive positions, the pharmaceutical circulation industry continues to grow in size and industry concentration continues to increase
There was a steady increase in the distribution of medicines in the country, with sales totalling 2,751.6 billion yuan in seven major categories of pharmaceutical commodities, including 2,152.6 billion yuan in wholesale sales, less an increase of 5.4 per cent over the same period, and an average annual increase of 5.6 per cent in the volume of medicines in the circulation sector between 2020 and 2022, with the top four companies selling more than 100 billion companies.
In addition, there is a growing concentration in the pharmaceutical circulation sector. In 2022, the top 100 pharmaceutical wholesalers accounted for 75.2% of the total size of the country ' s pharmaceutical market, an increase of 0.7 percentage points over the same period. Four leading companies, Kyushu Tong and others, accounted for 45.5% of the total size of the country ' s pharmaceutical market during the same period.
There is still much room for greater concentration in the field of medicine flow, compared to countries such as the United States and Japan, which are also taking into account the overall objectives of the industry. In the light of the new situation of generalization, the two-vote system, which has advanced, there has been an increase in the internalization of the pharmaceutical circulation sector, and the nationalization of the country.
With the advantages of warehousing networks, digital management, and finance, regional business leaders will effectively absorb the market share of small and medium-sized traders and continue to promote increased industrial concentration. Figure 40: Scale and pace of pharmaceutical sales in the country, 2011-2022
4.2.2. Full product distribution coverage + supply chain logistics value-added services, continuous improvement of distribution networks 1) Upstream and downstream relationships are stable, supply chain and logistics value-added services are diversified Guangzhou medicine is the leading distributor in China, and pharmaceutical companies focus on innovative distribution methods and services.
The national health reform policy and industry trends, underpinned by its own supply chain operating experience, upstream suppliers and downstream customers' resources and quality management systems, and empowered by its own logistics and warehousing infrastructure and information technology capabilities, have established well-established pharmaceutical distribution systems.
Link services, distribution and supply of pharmaceutical products to needy customers, and logistics, transport, information, and inventory management services to improve the efficiency of the pharmaceutical supply chain.
In addition to distribution, warehousing, and logistics distribution of pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical companies consolidate their relationships with existing upstream suppliers by providing supply chain services.
Help and hospital and retail end-market coverage advice: provide market data and regular market analysis, all of which all of which have a stable and mutually beneficial business relationship with downstream pharmaceutical distribution and retail customers.
In addition, pharmaceutical companies provide education and management services to patients through prescription pharmacies, as well as drug guidance to help patients better understand their symptoms and treatment methods.
Figure 41: Guangzhou Medical Supply Chain Value Added Services. 2) Distribution networks are large and customers are growing year by year
As China’s leading pharmaceutical distributor, the company has established a national pharmaceutical distribution network covering 31 provinces in China. According to a report by the 2024 Long Triangular Express Logistics Exhibition Officer Network in March 2023, Guangzhou’s pharmaceutical industry is a leading pharmaceutical company across the country.
The concept of high-quality logistics development has led to the construction of the largest, most automated, digitally advanced modern medicine logistics hub with the highest number of applications of new technologies - the Guangzhou Medical Smart Logistics Centre, which stores medicines with a total of about 600,000 to 700,000 products, a maximum of 200,000 orders per day, and a maximum of 100,000 medicines per day.
Power targets to achieve a four-hour service response target for end-to-end distribution across the province, supporting 90 billion/year drug distribution standards, with a capacity of 24 million boxes per year, carrying Quangzhou medicine for the next 10 to 15 years, and a profit forecast for major commercial plates in Guangdong Province.
We project the profits of the big business block over the next three years, assuming the following assumptions: 1.11, 1.19 and 1.21 per cent, taking into account that, as direct sales and retail sales have increased, the structure of the Guangzhou pharmaceutical industry has been optimized and the efficiency of the company's operations has improved significantly, we believe that the net interest rate is expected to increase continuously in recent years, assuming that
The company average determines that non-recurring gains and losses on large businesses are not taken into account.
We have identified different comparable companies based on different operations, and calculated their averages separately, and based on this, we have assigned target valuations to big health, big south medicine and big business plates, with a total target value of 59.5 billion yuan in 2024 in White Cloud Hill.
As a series of health-reform measures, such as consistency evaluations, volume purchases, health-insurance payments reform, continue to evolve, industry competition increases, innovation transformations, industrial integration, business model transformations are inevitable, companies are forced to further strengthen their innovation R & D capabilities and introduce new products with differentiated advantages, and companies are under pressure to transition and upgrade.
There is a risk of failure in research and development of the products of the company’s pipeline. There may be a risk of product extension in the promotion of the company’s meds, chemicals, and health products.
In 2023, the Shinda pharmaceutical team won the third place in crystal ball biopharmaceuticals, and the Sindam securities industry studied the cxo industry.
In April of that year, it became a member of the trade in medical equipment, in vitro diagnostics, and in icl. In April of that year, it was a member of the trade in medical biological products and Chinese medicine plates. In 2022, it was a member of the trade in medical equipment, medical equipment, medical care, digital medicine, etc.
In 2023, they joined the CVM, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical businesses, and pharmacies, and vaccines. Part of it is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.