Industry competition patterns or continuous optimization, and improved cash flows drive greater shareholder returns Events: On the evening of August 22, 2025, Helium petrochemicals published semi-annual reports for 2025. Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh)
Three hundred and fifty billion yuan in profits, a 24.08 per cent decline in the same year; net profit of 2,296 million yuan in returns to the mother, \triangleright, the first half of which saw an overall shock down the road in international oil prices, mainly due to an over-expected increase in OEC+ output
The expected impact of the build-up of demand from the US tariff policy is that, despite the conflict in Iraq in June that pushed up international oil prices, geo-pricing prices weakened after the ceasefire and oil prices fell. In the first half of 2025, Brent’s average oil price was $71 per barrel, a 15% decline in the same year.
The price of oil fluctuated sharply in the second quarter, adding up the chemical panels with weak supply and demand, and the company’s profits were high. In the first half of the year, the company’s main subsidiaries, namely, hemorrhaging, herochemicals, helithification (Darren), helithic fibres, achieved net profits of $16.5, 4.7, 4.7, and 0.9 billion, respectively.
Changes +8.5, 7.3, +2.2, 570 million yuan. Prices of raw materials fluctuated sharply in the first half of the year, petrochemicals, product price fluctuations, aromatic products were less profitable, prices of new materials fell more than in the original, demand for spinning terminals was relatively weak, and corporate chemical panels and fibre-optic plates were in trade.
The era of stock competition has begun, and the process of refining the poles of competition may continue to be optimized. According to the SPRC policy, the country’s primary crude oil processing capacity was contained at 1 billion tons in 2025, and the current refining expansion is nearing its end, with the total amount approaching the policy “Red Line.” In May 2025, the NRC was once again strengthened.
In addition to accelerating the phase-out of inefficient and backward production in such industries as refining oil, the recent intense centralization of the “reverse-in-the-roll” signal, the super-taxing of the tax has further compressed the ground lifespace, or the promotion of backward refining can accelerate the exit. According to the data, the Shandong refinery has been operating since the fourth quarter of 2023.
The load continues to go down, and the rate of start-up is currently around 50%. The evolution from the refined supply pattern is now negative. Refining under the corporate flag is a scarcely private industrially integrated product, with a strong advantage in terms of policy support, process technology, industrial synergy, etc.
In addition, with the future absorption of a combination of persistent chemicals, it is expected that operational efficiency will be further enhanced and that capital allocation will be optimized, that the quality of its assets will increase or continue to increase, and that companies will continue to benefit in the context of the current competitive pattern optimized with limited and reduced capacity growth.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has significantly improved its free cash flow by actively launching a medium-term shareholder return program.
The cash paid by the company for fixed, intangible and other long-term assets was $3.8 billion a year.
The slowdown in corporate capital spending has led to a marked improvement in free cash flows, with the net operating cash flow of companies rising by 19.5 billion in the first half of 2025.
Fifty-five per cent, 13 billion free cash flows, an increase of about 18.7 billion on a year-on-year basis. We believe that the future phase-out of corporate incremental projects will be accompanied by a slowdown in capital spending, and the company may be moving towards a “dividend recovery” period. Based on the company's full cash flow in the first half of the year, the company is actively promoting it.
Total allocation of $563 million (including taxes) to further enhance shareholder returns, long-term investments Profit forecast and investment rating: we forecast the company ' s net return profit for \triangleright in 2025-2027, respectively
The Division's performance elasticity is expected to be continuously released, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; less than expected profit from polyester fibres \triangleright
Risks; risk of excess refining capacity; and risk of less than anticipated exposure to new production capacity. Dr. Wing Wing, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Industrial & Minerals Advisory Company ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association ' s Select Committee on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (head)
Over a decade of research and advisory services in the coal and energy-related fields, over a period of more than a decade, under the auspices of the “13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Programme”, the revision of industrial technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and in June 2016, under the auspices of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector, are now the head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.