The oil price shocks and overhauls affected short-term performance or benefited from the industry's “reverse inner volume” event: the company recently released its mid-2025 report, which achieved business income of $10,389 million over the period.
Oil price shocks and repairs affected short-term performance, with a profit burden of 25q2. The average crude oil price of 2025h1 Brunt was $70.59 per barrel, which is 15 per cent lower than the price of $83.20 per barrel in the same period last year; the average price of 25q2 tar was $66.47 per barrel, which was 12 per cent lower than the price of $74.78 per barrel in 25q1.
In addition, the company carried out a planned overhaul of the ethylene installation in the second quarter of the year, with the ethylene installation down by a single-quarter load rate, which affected the production and unit cost levels of the products. At the macro-demand end, in the first half of the year, the company was able to make a difference.
The overall domestic demand for petrochemicals continues the weak recovery since the second half of last year, particularly in terms of total equity/flow (billion shares), which is agrysm in the aromatics and oils industry chain, as compared to the downswing of the first half of last year.
In the context of the industry's “reverse inner volume” the refined plates are being repaired. Since the meeting of the Central Bureau of Political Affairs in mid-July 2024, which first proposed to prevent “intra-curve” malignant competition, the country has been “reversed” since the meeting of the Central Bureau of Political Affairs in mid-July 2024.
In June of this year, five ministries jointly launched a mapping assessment of old devices, focusing their attention on oil refining, fertilizer, etc., which has been in production for more than 20 years, pushing down inefficient output, and targeting the pain point of excess supply. The company is a private industrial plant with a full capacity.
< < Helium petrochemicals (600346, sh): Profiling plates are expected to be repaired, new material production can gradually be invested in synergies in the integration of the industrial chain, and the value of building "platform plus new materials" continues to grow.
Prominent benefits are expected in terms of policy support, technology, industrial synergies, etc. The risks of overcapacity, declining demand, increased competition in the industry, etc.
Oil price shocks and repairs affected short-term performance or benefited from the industry's “reverse inner volume” Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.