Tax-free sales from the island increased by 181 per cent in November and will exceed expectations of 31.5 billion sales throughout the year — China, free of tracking reports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Seagate customs statistics, 1-31 November, tax-free sales off the island amounted to $3.71 billion, or 18.5 per cent more than the corresponding figure; sales of $3.41 billion increased by 8.8 per cent from the end of October, the month of the Golden Week, which was celebrated on the National Day, with China starting from 1 November, where duty-free consumption reached its peak at the end of the year. In November, sales of $3.7 billion were added to the list.
The highest monthly sales record shows that the country’s demand for duty-free goods does not grow in a weak and declining way as a result of the gold week’s collection, but rather is characterized by sustained, stable and high growth. The previous November’s sales of $23.2 billion had grown by 97 per cent, from $31.5 billion to 119 per cent throughout the year.
According to the customs statistics of Hainan Province, tax-free offshore goods under customs control in January-November amounted to $23.22 billion, an increase of 97 per cent over the same period, and the Hainan Province Department of Commerce projects that duty-free sales in Hainan Island this year will exceed $26 billion, including tax collectors at the lowest/highest level in a year:
The total sales of the four duty-free shops in Hainan Province will be expected to exceed $31.5 billion, an increase of 118.75 per cent compared with the tax-free sales of $14.4 billion in 2019 across Hainan Province. Seagate customs data, 566,000 duty-free shopping persons leaving the island in November, an increase of 57.8 per cent compared to the ring.
Gold Week also saw an increase of 7.6% in October, thanks to a strong and sustained logic of tax-free consumer demand in the certification countries, in addition to a double-XI promotional festival. As a result of a strong double-XI marketing campaign, the share of guest-made cosmetics fell to between 50% and 25% of luxury goods in November, with online sales increasing fourfold by 5 billion dollars.
After the introduction of the New Deal, duty-free sales of off-island goods were significantly optimized, with the sale of perfumes falling from 75 per cent of total sales to only about 50 per cent, while the share of luxury goods sold, represented by watches, jewellery and box wrappers, rose rapidly from less than 15 per cent to more than 25 per cent of total sales.
On-line channels have gained new momentum, reaching $5 billion on-line sales this year. This year, the same year as last year's $1 billion in October and November sales figures, continued to grow at a high level in four quarters, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Tax-exempt sales increased by 184 per cent in October, 1-10 per cent, and tax-exempt sales from q3 increased by two-fold, driving companies billion yuan, 13,201 million yuan, an increase of 12.7 per cent, 95.7 per cent and 29.4 per cent respectively.
47, 36 times. Maintains the `very recommended' rating.
Real estate rents are expected to go down by $3.71 billion in November, an increase of 18.5 per cent over the same year, consumption at the end of the year, and sales at $3.7 billion in November, which became the second half in October.
Highest in the year. According to the Customs Department of Haiguchi, tax-free sales from 1 to 31 November amounted to $3.71 billion, an increase of 18.5 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of $18.5 per cent, and China tax-free sales of $3.41 billion in October, compared to the annual gold week of the National Day, which was held on 1 November.
Prior to the end of the year, there were concerns among investors that there was a concentration of gold week in October, an outbreak of tourist shopping support, and that duty-free sales off the island would be a natural fire, but there were doubts that sales would continue at a high rate in the following month. However, based on November sales figures, the tax-free sales of $3.7 billion a month would not be more than the tax-free sales of $3.7 billion a month.
Since October, when the New Deal was tax-exempt from the island, the single-month tax-free sales record (July, August, September) has seen an increase of almost 9%. This is a strong indication that the demand for tax-exempt goods in the country does not grow at a time when the gold week has been followed by weak, declining or even stale growth, but rather by sustained, stable, high growth.
In the context of the policy of expanding the domestic demand market, we can judge that the demand for tax-free goods will continue to be robust, fast-released, strong in the sale of tax-free goods, and that the high-growth phase will overlap between the policy dividend and the demand release.
The tax-free sector will remain the Yangtze industry and the gold track for the next 5 to 10 years, with an increase of 2 per cent and an increase of 97 per cent in sales of $23.2 billion in the previous November, excluding tax-free returns from the island for the entire year, or a rise of 119 per cent to 31.5 billion.
The first November saw a 97% increase in duty-free sales of $23.2 billion and a doubling of the target ahead of schedule. According to Hainan Customs, 23.22 billion of duty-free offshore goods under customs control in January-November, a 97% increase over the same period. The Hainan Business Office data show that, as of December 14, four duty-free stores in Hainan had gone over $30 billion, including tax-free goods.
Sales exceeded $25 billion, tax sales exceeded $5 billion, all of which doubled, and 17 days ahead of schedule became the overall goal set by the Hainan provincial government at the beginning of the year of $30 billion in sales by the Central and Free Group. Free-of-island tax camps are estimated to be $31.5 billion a year, nearly 1.2 times higher.
The Office of Internal Oversight Services expects that this year's tax-free sales in Hainan Island will exceed $26 billion, including tax-free goods, and that the total sales of four duty-free shops in Hainan Province will be expected to exceed $31.5 billion, an increase of 11.875 per cent over the 14.4 billion tax-free sales in 2019 in Hainan Province.
In the context of tourism restrictions caused by the new crown epidemic this year, duty-free sales from the Middle East have been very difficult and over-expected. In November, the number of shopping people continued to rise by 58%, and the price of one-way customers fell by 5% as a result of the promotion ring.
The demand for duty-free consumption has been strong, with a double 11 boost in November, when the number of shopping people rose by nearly 60%. In November, the two-XI promotions at the major duty-free stores in Hainan were the most profitable and largest in a year, and the buy-outs of tourists remained high.
This is a further proof of the strong and sustained logic of domestic demand for tax-free consumption, in addition to the double-XI promotional festival, not only because of the decline in the number of buyers as a result of the concentration of tourism consumption during the Golden Week, but rather more rapidly.
As a result of the two-way promotional campaign, the price of the ring declined by 5 per cent in November, but by nearly 90 per cent from the end of 2019, when it was 3542 yuan. The tax-free sales in November amounted to $3.71 billion, according to which it can be calculated that the average per-person price of the free person who left the island in October was $6563, a 5 per cent decline in the ring compared to October, an increase of 85.3 per cent compared to $3542 at the end of 2019.
Since the second half of the year, exemption from taxes on the island has been able to achieve high-speed, explosive growth. One of the most important factors has been the elimination of high-priced postage taxes and a significant increase in cosmetics purchases since the New Deal, as well as an immediate increase in the price of passenger units. The monthly increase since July has risen to $6917 in October, although in November it was facilitated by sales promotions.
This led to a slight drop in the unit price, but to an almost doubling of the price of the unit in 2019, which was not implemented by the New Deal.4 The optimal structure of the class has been improved, the perfume ratio has dropped to 50%, the luxury price has gone up to higher, and the cosmetics ratio has declined rapidly from 75% to 51% since the introduction of the tax-free New Deal.
Since the introduction of the New Deal, thanks to the elimination of a single postage tax of more than $8,000 and the increase in the number of alcoholics, electronics, etc., and the clear optimization of the off-island tax-free marketing structure, the sales of spices have fallen from 75 per cent of total sales in the past to only about 50 per cent, and the sales of luxury goods represented by watches, jewellery, box wrappers, etc., have accounted for the total sales.
Customs data also support the decline in cosmetics. According to China Customs, from September to September of this year, the proportion of sales products has risen rapidly from less than 15% to more than 25%.
In November, customs supervised a total of $5.26 billion in duty-free cosmetics (with perfume) off-island purchases and 10.7 million pieces, representing an increase of 150 per cent, 167.1 per cent and 51.9 per cent of total duty-free sales over the same period.5 Online outlets have become a new impetus, and sales on-line this year have grown by more than four times as much as 5 billion.
In 2019, the Hainan province-wide tax-free shop sold $14.4 billion, of which $13.3 billion was tax-free and sold online about $1 billion. This year, the China Free Group adapted to the changes in the marketing of new media, increased online marketing, held regular live broadcasts, optimized the membership marketing programme, and the online off-island sales were tax-free for about $5 billion, compared to the same amount.
In the context of the new coronary epidemic, which is still ongoing, there is a real shock to the pattern of sub-barrel shops that rely heavily on passenger traffic for their consumption. In the first quarter of this year, duty-free shops in Hainan Island fell sharply, and bus flows fell to ice points.
The sales pattern has successfully reversed the downward trend in duty-free off-island sales by the second quarter, and we believe that online access has become an important way of selling duty-free goods, with less than 10% of online sales at present, but not yet in the early stages, with a reference to the 20-30% penetration rate of net retail sales and an increase in online duty-free sales.
Moreover, online sales not only better meet tourist shopping needs, but also enhance companies’ resilience to risk. Three additional tax-free shops were opened in Sanya by the end of the year, and four tax-free shops were expanded and opened in Haiguchi by the end of the year.
In August 2020, the government of Hainan Province announced that three new tax-free shops would be established in Sanya, including Phoenix Airport and two downtown shops. Currently, the successful airport stores are moving in an orderly fashion. Two inner-city stores have fallen apart, and are serving both China and China.
A brand-new “sea travel tax-free city” has been created; Chinese tax-exempts are also working hard to build tax-exempt shops in Sanya, and recruitment has been initiated. Moreover, in September this year, Gérières produced 1.65 billion triple-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty land, or under the flag, to pave the way for tax-exempt and tax-exempt operations from Sanya.
To further develop the potential for duty-free consumption, the sea mouth will increase the number of duty-free operators, introduce such operators as the China Free Group, the Haifa Group, and expand four off-island duty-free shops by the end of this year. In addition, the luxury brand will be expanded to cover 9,000 square metres after the expansion of the second phase of Merceran International Airport;
It is also planned to add 50,000 square metres to the tax-free shop in the square of the Sun and Moon, with the introduction of a luxury brand.7 In China, the three-quarterly report on profit forecasting and investment suggests a revenue of $35.138 billion in the first three quarters, a decrease of 2.81 per cent in the same year; and net profits.
At $3.164 billion, a 24.93 per cent decline over the same period. In the third quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $15,829 million, a quarterly increase in performance that exceeded expectations, indicating a strong impetus for the acceleration of the company ' s performance as a result of the tax-free break-out growth from the island. Currently, the company ' s tax-free sales from the island in October and November continued to grow at a high rate, with a year-long exemption from the island.
Tax sales will amount to $31.5 billion, with the goal of doubling ahead of schedule, showing higher expectations. The risk of an outbreak rebounds, tax-free sales falls short of expectations, and companies run risks.