In 2019, the company became the fourth largest tax-free company in the world, with a market share of more than 80 per cent in China's tax-free industry.
The company’s tax-exempt license plate is complete and continues to operate at airports, off-islands, and within-country duty-free markets. The company’s tax-free off-island operations are rising in the face of the epidemic, further demonstrating the potential for tax-free futures.
Detaching travel agency operations away from the pressure of limited earnings. The share of corporate tourism services dropped from 43.41 per cent in 2017 to 26.14 per cent in 2018, and the company ' s Māori rate of tourism operations is maintained year after year.
After doing business, it was able to escape from the vagaries of traditional tourism markets and the shrinking of profit space, while also solving the problem of competition between companies and other travel agencies under the umbrella of the United States.
The Māori rate of tax-free business reached 53.09% and 50% in 2019, making a significant contribution to the net profits of the company. At present, the company is a tourism retailer with a wider domestic tax-free license plate, and after the company restarts tax-free shops in key cities, the company's “off-island + airport + city” tax-free business is “off-island + airport + city”
The relevant policies are supported by a combination of consumption returns. On several occasions, the authorities have adjusted the policy of duty-free purchases off the island, gradually improving the business and consumer environment, and improving immigration and tourism policies and visa benefits, creating a favourable policy environment for companies to develop tax-free operations.
In the face of a return trend in consumption abroad, companies may gain more shopping flows. Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., has a prominent position, a full tax-exempt license plate, and a reasonable layout of a duty-free shop, which we expect to be in 2020.
Recreational services: tourism complex; risk of renewed outbreak; duty-free policy less than expected; return to travel abroad; exemption from taxes abroad
(8621) Analysis of the current status and development prospects of the duty-free sector: status of the global duty-free sector: steady growth of the duty-free sector and vulnerability of operations to macro-environmental impacts
Tourism is diversified and duty-free. Each of the six main components of tourism, which can be divided into food, housing, travel, tourism, purchase, recreation, etc., is an essential component that tourists must experience in their tourism. With the end of the tourist era, more and more forms of tourism are beginning to emerge, such as one-day, custom-based, self-driving, self-help, micro-tourism, etc.
Different forms of tourism contribute to differences in tourist demand for the six elements. For example, one day's trips, tourists hardly need to consider residential questions, while their purpose is likely to be more focused.
One of the important factors is that Hong Kong, China, and South Korea, for example, have become internationally renowned shopping sites with high-quality services and a wealth of duty-free goods. The modern tax-free industry originated in the post-World War II Shannon airport transit area of Ireland, which is no longer part of El Lan, and the people concerned have suggested that any tax on consumption in such areas should be exempted, and this is receiving the Irish government.
As the effects of World War II faded, countries’ economies recovered and further developed a stable external environment, international tourism re-emerged, and tax-free industries became an important part of international tourism spending. As duty-free products were usually exempted from taxes, such as tariffs, value-added taxes, and many layers were reduced to a greater extent.
Tax-free businesses, often at lower prices than products officially entering the market of the country of sale, become an essential tourist consumption scene for tourists in international travel. Tax-free operations worldwide continue to grow, but are vulnerable to related factors.
Global sales of duty-free goods increased from $46 billion to $82 billion, at an average compound rate of 7.50 per cent per year, maintaining a relatively stable growth rate. The only negative growth in global sales of duty-free goods occurred in 2015, with sales of $62 billion, or 2.36 per cent lower than that, mainly as a result of the spread of the Middle East respiratory syndrome (mers) that erupted in 2015, including in South Korea and in my country, Guangdong.
China’s number of tourists to South Korea has fallen sharply, and South Korea’s duty-free shop sales have grown negatively because of the decline in Chinese tourists’ purchases.1.2 China’s tax-free industry is currently in a low share of global duty-free sales, with tax-free futures and high levels of tax-free growth from the island, and China’s tax-free sales are growing steadily and have great potential for future development.
RMB 12 billion, which reached RMB 51 billion in 2019, with an average compound increase of 19.83 per cent per year, of which the sales of duty-free goods from Hainan Island in 2019 accounted for 24 per cent of the total sales, amounting to RMB 12.24 billion.
China’s tax-free sales amounted to 28.2 billion yuan yuan, over the United Kingdom and the United States, became the world’s second largest tax-free seller, ranked second only to South Korea. The company announcement shows that China’s duty-free sales in 2019 amounted to 45.818 billion yuan, accounting for about 89 per cent of the total duty-free market in China, and that the rest was shared by other duty-free commodity distribution companies, such as China’s garments, beads, and deep exemption.
The global share of duty-free sales in China is relatively small, but there is a clear trend toward a return to consumption. According to the Mudgie report, in 2019, China sold about 9% of the global tax-free product, about $7.6 billion, up from $5.8 billion in 2018.
31.03%; it is worth noting that 2019 Chinese people consumed duty-free goods abroad in the same year, amounting to approximately $19.4 billion, a decrease of about 27.61% from the $20.8 billion in 2018 figure. Although in 2019 Chinese tax-free goods were still about 3.3 times as much as they sold duty-free domestically, it is not difficult to see an increase in the sales of duty-free stores in China and a certain trend of returning duty-free consumption abroad.
Overseas sub-purchases for which the platform has completed transactions are among the cross-border electric power operators and are subject to the provisions of the Electronic Commerce Act. With the introduction of the Electronic Commerce Act on 1 January 2019, the larger buyers are regulated by law, which has also led to a certain decline in the level of foreign tax-free purchases by Chinese nationals in 2019. On the other hand, the domestic tax-exempt industry has developed and developed with policy support over the past two years, with tax-free goods.
In 2019, the consumption of duty-free goods in China rose on a par with that of foreign visitors. The expansion of domestic demand, demand-side reforms to facilitate tourism and tourism retail development.
Tourism and tourism retailing are expected to gain greater development space as important areas of the domestic cycle. Demand-side reforms further point to strategic deployments that drive the rise in domestic aggregate demand over the long term, and the country’s former overseas tourism spending and shopping may return with domestic demand-side reforms, and possibly.
With the expansion of license plates and the easing of shopping restrictions, domestic tax-free market development is expected to have a medium- and long-term development in terms of the country’s inward and outward tourism: the number of exits is steady in the world, the policy of exit and exit is gradually liberalized, the number of outbound and outbound tourism continues to grow, and the cost of offshore tourism is rising from year to year. From 2015 to 2019, the number of outbound and outbound tourism in the country has increased somewhat.
Hundreds of millions of people; the number of people who travel abroad has been the world’s first to emerge as the world’s largest outbound market since its first jump in 2013. The cost of travel to and out of the country also grew at a low rate between 2015 and 2019, with the same rate of travel to and out of the country rising by 6.30 per cent in 2019, with a more pronounced rebound, reaching $127.5 billion and per capita consumption of about $823.
More than $800 in 2018 indicates that China’s ability to spend more on tourists leaving the country is also rising year by year. Figure 6. China’s travel costs in and out of the country, according to the latest World Tourism Organization (unwto) statistics, reached 1.46 billion international tourists in 2019.
Expatriate tourists account for 10.62% of the global number of expatriate tourists, about one-tenth of the global number of expatriate tourists; while global international tourist arrivals grew at an average annual compound rate of 5.02% between 2015 and 2019, below the annual compound rate of 8.80% of China ' s expatriate tourism. From the cost point of view, the cost of Chinese expatriation tourism increased from $896 billion in 2014 to $119.8 billion in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 7.5%,
Over the same statistical cycle, international tourist spending increased by 3.0 per cent per year; China ' s travel abroad accounted for 8.51 per cent of international tourism earnings in 2018, a decline compared to the previous year, but taking into account the impact of the events in Sadr. Overall, China ' s travel costs have remained stable, passport penetration rates have been low, and immigration and tourism policies have continued to improve. According to statistics from the Ministry of Public Security ' s National Immigration Bureau, I was in 2018.
The total number of valid ordinary passports was over 170 million and the passport holding rate was between 12 and 13 per cent; Japan had about 23 per cent of the highest global passport holdings in the same year, China was still expected to have much room for improvement in passport holding, and the number of people travelling abroad was expected to increase as a result of the increase in the issuance of regular passports.
In addition to simplifying the procedures and procedures for travelling abroad, China’s citizens are expected to speed up travel abroad and travel abroad. China’s passport “gold” has been raised, and travel abroad is easier.
The amount of “gold” is increasing, as is the rise in China’s combined national power and the deepening of its strategy along the way, the epidemic is under control, and countries are expected to recover and upgrade their foreign trade and trade, with a further increase in the number of countries that are implementing a policy of no-signing to Chinese citizens. With the exception of South Korea, Thailand, Qatar, and others, China’s citizens leave the country for the rest of the country.
The country’s travel is likely to increase its consumption in duty-free shops in China, thereby further increasing the amount of duty-free sales in China. We have also been moving forward in recent years in attracting incoming passengers.
As a result of the increase in the number of strategic cooperation projects along the country, as well as the introduction of the policy of facilitating more inbound tourism, the number of countries enjoying 144 and 72 hours of exemption may increase, as may the number of entry points and the scope of the exemption activities.
In addition, the 72-hour exemption list of Chongqing North International Airport and Xianyang International Airport will be upgraded to 144 hours after 1 December 2019.
The speed of development and the image of the Internet card, as well as the insights and innovations of Xian in the integration of culture and tourism, have become the preferred tourist destinations for tourists.
The company’s tax-free strategy at the main points of entry and exit is clear. In other cities within the scope of the exemption, the company also operates a number of duty-free shops, such as ports, cities, airports, and foreign-wheel supply, to enhance the distribution of duty-free points in the region.
Deep farming in ports and areas of activity, closely following the entry of the National Immigration Administration ' s no-signature policy, is expected to lay the groundwork for further expansion of duty-free tourism consumption in the future.2 China ' s free-market competition analysis
2.1 Head of the domestic tax-exempt industry: from “China Travel” to “China Free”, highlighting the core business value of “traditional tourism + business tax-free + project investment” as the starting point. China Tourist Group, Exempted Limited (formerly known as China National Travel Limited) is affiliated to tourism, travel agencies established in 2008 and tax-exempted by China National Travel Group Limited, etc.
In addition to the restructuring and restructuring of the assets in question, the Hong Kong-China Consortium was established. Prior to the removal of the travel agency from its operations, it was mainly involved in travel agency operations, tax-exempt operations and business complex investment development operations, in which the travel agency operations were carried out by the General Hostel Service and included, inter alia, travel to and from China, domestic tourism, visa services, fair tours, etc.; tax-exempt operations were carried out by China-Custro-City Corporations and included tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc.
Investment development operations in the industrial complex are run by the United Kingdom Investment Corporation, which includes, inter alia, investment and management of tourism-related projects, the development and operation of tourism service packages, tourism industry research and advisory services, etc. The three main development guarantees of “landmark master + puzzle improvement + mega-reorganization.” In October 2009, the company landed on board, three core business developments.
In March 2011, the Ministry of Finance issued a bulletin on the implementation of a pilot policy on duty-free passenger shopping in Hainan Island, which began in April and became the fourth duty-free area to follow Okinawa, Jeju, Mazu, and Kimmen.
In 2011, a tax-free shop was opened in Sanya City, and in 2012 it was involved in the construction of the Sanya Bay International Tax-Free City. In 2013, the company completed a private increase, mainly to raise funds for the construction of the tax-free city. In 2014, the Sanya International Tax-Free City was officially opened, and in December of the same year, the company's first duty-free shop in the city was opened in Cambodia. In 2015, the company performed steadily over a three-month period.
In 2016, the China National Tourism Group and the Hong Kong China Tourism Group were restructured and renamed China Tourism Group, which became the driving force of three strategies for domestic tourism: “Acquisition and Purchase + Extortion of Tourism + Tax Exemption from Deep Farming.” Beginning in 2017, companies strengthened M&As in the tax-free industry. In 2017, companies acquired 51% of the Japanese tax-free business (China) and were involved in investing in the Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project.
In 2019, the company officially removed the travel agency of the National General Hotel and reopened the intra-city tax-free shop in several cities of the country. In early 2020, it launched the Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project.
Formally opened, and with the issuance of the Hainan Free Trade Port Construction General Programme, the company not only acquired 51 per cent of the shares of Hainan Province Free Trade Company Limited, thereby changing the short title of the securities to “China Free”, but also co-financed Sanya Feng International Company Ltd. to set up the Central Phoenix Airport Free Shop Limited.
Figure 14. China’s free-market development path 2.2 is a fierce competition for tax-free licences: China’s exemption from tax-exempt business has a pre-existing advantage, and the concept of tax-exemption is a market concern, with limited number of licences granted. In recent years, the State’s policies have been very supportive of tax-exempt industries.
Increased market interest in 2020 in listed companies with tax exemption concepts and the publication of tax exemption license plates has also led a growing number of retail and tourism companies to announce their participation in tax-free licensing teams, such as the King's Landing, the High Step, the Mid-Handing Group, the Lingnan Group, among others, of which only Wang's Landing received a circular from the Ministry of Finance on 9 June 2020 to operate the tax-free retail business.
In August 2020, the Hainan Brigade Tax Free Company Ltd. and the Global Expendable Trade Company Ltd. were granted tax-exempt operating qualifications on Hainan Island and reported to the Ministry of Finance to show the pattern of expanding tax-exempt licences. But we estimate that countries can and will not continue to expand the number of tax-exempt licences granted throughout the country in a short period of time.
As of December 2020, China’s tax-exempt group, Japan’s tax-free company, Hainan Province tax-free company, China’s tax-free enterprise group, China’s tax-free commodity group, Shenzhen’s state-owned company, China’s Expatriate Personnel Services Company Ltd., Jilin’s tax-exempt foreign exchange goods company Ltd., Wang Dynasty Group Ltd., and China’s China-owned company, China-China Foreign Exchange Group Ltd.
The top three tax-free companies, with 10 national tax-exempt licence plates in their possession, Japan tax-free, China tax-exempt license plates, are the most tax-exempt companies in their hands. Optimizing operations, expanding channels, and expanding the number of shops.
The cities, autonomous regions (including Hong Kong, China, and Macao, China) and Cambodia have set up more than 240 duty-free shops of nine major types, covering airports, aircraft, borders, outer-wheel supply, passenger, train stations, diplomats, cruise ships and within the city, which have been ranked among the world ' s leading duty-free industries in terms of the type of duty-free shops, retail outlets, size and quality of operation of the tax-free business complex.
The country’s only free logistics distribution system, coupled with new retail operations and the expansion of online bookings and back-to-back purchases, optimizes the process of buying goods. In terms of the operating model, the company continuously optimizes the centralized procurement of suppliers’ products by distributing duty-free goods to the companies’ duty-free stores through distribution centres, and then sells them to tourists who enter or leave the island.
According to the company network, in the first four years of the global tax-exempt group, duty-free sales were the highest in the world during the epidemic. From data on tax-free industries in 2020, companies became the world’s most influential tax-exempt group, and in 2019 they ranked among the world’s four largest companies in tax-exempt operations.
The tax-free sector is expected to become a priority area for domestic demand, given the recent series of national policy guidelines, the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port, the increase in tax-free shopping lines and the abundance of goods purchased from the island, and the development strategy context of the domestic cycle. Therefore, the company is expected to continue to do so in the future, given the level of governance within the company and the related policy support.
The global duty-free market plays an important role. 2.3 The tourist industry, the core assets of the master board, the parent company, has taken the lead in Hainan, helping the company to plow deep into the South China Travel Market.
China Tourism Group Ltd., a company holding 53.3 per cent of the total stock ratio, has been one of the leading players in the country's tourism industry as a company holding 100 per cent of the shares of the State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council. It also operates on a wide scale, mainly in travel agencies, attractions, thematic parks, hotels, exchanges, exhibitions, steel and steel.
On March 18, 2019, China Tourist Group Limited moved its headquarters into Hainan Province, Haiguchi City, becoming the first headquarters to be located in Hainan. This move may mark the future development of China’s tourist group in the area of Hainan cultural tourism, but may also mean the ambition and determination of China’s tourism group to farm deep in Hainan.
The company, which is also the only subsidiary with a share on the market, and its development and market performance, to some extent, represent the China Travel Group, which is expected to receive considerable support in terms of resources and inputs. Given the detailed changes in shareholders in the company’s third-quarter report in 2020, the first three shareholders in circulation, China Tourism Group Ltd., hold-holder, were the Chinese Tourism Group Ltd.
The share ratio remained the same; the second largest shareholder, China Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd. (HKCLCL), declined from 12.56 per cent in 2019 to 10.24 per cent; and the third largest shareholder, China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd., maintained the same number of shares. It is worth noting that Chen Hae-sook, a company with 7,032,000 shares, increased its share to 1.10 per cent, making it the fourth largest shareholder.
Resources, emerging business models, the vanguard position of the industry, and the larger space for business development can be important factors in attracting investment from investors. In the future, with policy support and its own virtuous development, companies will continue to work with tax-exempt owners and are expected to maintain a high level of performance growth and continue to be important tourism retailers in China and globally.
3 China ' s core business analysis: dynamic exit from the island, focus on airports, reopening of the city 3.1.1 Hainan tourism development and tax exemption from the island.
Strategic positioning: model areas for the institutional reform of eco-civilization, practice areas for the integrated protection and development of the land and sea, pilot areas for the existing mechanisms, demonstration areas for the priority development of clean energy.
The system of space conservation and development is basically in place and the pattern of development of the national territory is further optimized; by 2025, the system of eco-civilization has been improved and the level of modernization of governance systems and capacities in the field of eco-civilization has improved significantly; by 2035, the quality of the ecological environment and the efficiency of resource use are among the world ' s leading, and Hainan has become a beautiful display of beautiful China.
Ecotourism III. Ecotourism: Promoting Ecotourism Transformation and Integrating Development
Development of products for the construction of an eco-tourism industry based on tourism, with a focus on leisure and vacation, cultural tourism and healthy tourism.
This is a new form of accommodation, with the construction of well-equipped and diverse recreational parks, forest homes, fishing villages, fishing communities, rest bases, and the creation of model eco-tourism towns, cultural tourism lines for Le Houng, one of the basic principles: to learn from international experience, to reflect Chinese characteristics, to be consistent with Hainan's orientation, to highlight innovation, to be reformed and to be strong.
II. Development goals: By 2025, a system of free trade port policy regimes will be in place with a focus on free trade facilitation and free investment facilitation. The business environment will generally be at a national level, market players will grow significantly, industry will become more competitive, risk control will be effective and the laws and regulations governing the construction of free trade ports will be improved.
The quality and efficiency of economic development have improved significantly. By 2035, the free trade system and operating model have become more sophisticated, with trade and investment rules based on freedom, equity, the rule of law, and high-level process regulation, which have resulted in free trade, investment, cross-border financial flows, free movement of people and transport.
The business environment has improved, the legal and regulatory system has improved, the overall risk-control system of the Hainan Free Trade Port has been tightened, and modern social governance patterns have been largely shaped to become a new high ground for our open economy. By the middle of this century, high-level free trade ports with greater international influence have been fully established.
III. INSTITUTIONS DESIGNING: FREEDOM OF TRADE, FREE INVESTMENT, FREEDOM OF TRANSFER OF FINANCE, FREEDOM OF EXPENDITURE, FACILITIES OF TRANSPORT AND TRANSFER, SAFE AND ORGATIVE MOVEMENT OF DATA, Modern INDUSTRIAL SYSTEM, Gradual development of a tax system appropriate to high levels of free trade ports, formation of a system of social governance of free trade ports, creation of international first-class self-government
Four, step by step, focus on: (i) the priority tasks until 2025. The liberalization of trade-related investment should be facilitated, and the process of opening up should be carried forward in an orderly manner, based on effective regulation, so as to facilitate the efficient and efficient flow of elements and the creation of early harvests.
(ii) A priority task until 2035. Further refinement of open policies and related institutional arrangements to fully facilitate trade, investment, cross-border financial flows, access to and from the island, free movement of persons, free movement of transport and safe and orderly movement of data, and to promote the construction of high-level free trade ports.
National policy supports and guides the construction of Hainan Free Island. The overall development of Hainan cannot be separated from the important years of the Central Chinese Communist Party and the State Council. The city of Haikou, the capital of Hainan Province, has been designated as the country’s historical and cultural centre, highlighting the collapse of Hainan Province’s cultural and tourist resources and innovations. In 2010, the State Council issued a number of recommendations on the promotion of the development of the Hainan International Tourism Island.
In terms of objectives, safeguards, etc., the development of new directions for tourism development in Hainan has been clarified. In terms of current developments, Hainan Keiji has achieved development goals. In 2018, in the Guidance for Supporting China to Deepen Reform and Openness in a Comprehensive manner, the construction of an innovative international tourism consumption centre for development in Hainan clarified the overall requirements for deepening the innovation of the tourism consumption structure, making tourism another important element in the development of the Hainan industry.
In 2019, the development of eco-civilization was a priority development orientation for Hainan, in which requirements for the transformational upgrading and innovation of ecotourism, the organic integration of natural and human tourism resources in Hainan and the creation of support for the sustainable development of international tourism islands, and in 2020, the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port was promulgated, with more efficient development for all industries in Hainan Province.
It is clear that duty-free access to the tourism sub-sector may also be able to benefit from the development of the Hainan International Tourism Initiative. At present, Hainan Island is duty-free in the general context of the cycle and the return of consumption, as the internal and external epidemic is gradually being effectively controlled.
3.1.2 The duty-free policy of the Hainan Islands is streamlined and the duty-free policy of the Hainan Islands is relaxed, and access to the Islands by domestic and foreign tourists is facilitated.
The Interim Measures of the Customs of the People ' s Republic of China for the Regulation of Free Passenger Shopping in Hainan Province (hereinafter referred to as " the Scheme " ) have been drawn up, providing for the pilot implementation of an off-island tax-exempt policy starting on 20 April 2011 and marking the starting point for our exemption from the off-island. Since the implementation of the exemption policy, the relevant authorities have made six changes to the tax-exempt policy, including the application of the target, the restricted purchase requirements, and the purchase of species.
In order to further complement the process of building an international tourist island in Hainan and the construction of an international tourism consumption centre, the Department of Immigration and Immigration of the Hainan Province Public Security Department has amended the Measures for the Service and Management of Foreign Nationals who Travel to Joan without Visa, with effect from 1 May 2018.
The new off-island tax-free deal was enacted, making duty-free shopping more attractive. The new crown virus epidemic spread worldwide in 2020, affecting the world.
In order to be able to implement the new development patterns proposed by Secretary-General Xi Jinping, which are based on a domestic and international two-cycle approach, the Hainan Free Trade Port Building General Programme, issued in June 2020, and the Three Sectors Proclamation on Free Trade Policy for Passengers from Hainan Island, have made it clear that the increase in the number of duty-free goods and their acquisition is continuing.
The tax-exempt market restrictions have been raised to $100,000 per person per year on the basis of a larger number of duty-free purchases. In the context of the lack of liberalization of travel abroad, the return of overseas purchasing and consumption, and the effective control of the new domestic crown epidemic, the rise in the tax-exempt reversibility of Hainan Island has received good policy support and a favourable external environment.
Out-of-island tax-exempt policies are relaxed, and Hainan Island’s competitiveness is enhanced. In contrast to the regional tax-exempt policies implemented in four of Asia’s ex-islands, the South Out-of-island tax-exempt policy is the most open in terms of tax-exempt shopping lines, meeting passengers’ willingness to buy more duty-free goods, while at the same time, it is the most open-ended in terms of tax-exempt purchases.
In the future, with the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, it is expected that the off-island duty-free policy will create a new business card for Hainan, which will gradually become an attractive destination for international tourist holidays and duty-free shopping in Asia and even the world.
3.1.3 The development of the Hainan Ex-Island tax exemption: The scale of sales and the steady increase in the number of shopping people have increased steadily, according to the Hainan off-island customs statistics, except for the low rate of 9.57 per cent in 2016, after the release of the Hainan off-island tax exemption policy between 2012 and 2019, the scale of duty-free sales in Hainan has been growing at a relatively high rate, with the highest rate of tax-free sales in 2013 reaching 39.24 per cent.
The number of duty-free sales from Hainan Island rose from $2.37 billion in 2012 to $13.49 billion in 2019, an increase of nearly six times, with an average annual compound growth rate of 28.3 per cent, and from 2012 to 2019, the number of duty-free customers from Hainan Island increased, from 1.06 million in 2012 to 3.84 million in 2019, with an average annual composite growth rate of 3.84 million.
20.19 per cent. The increase in the size of duty-free sales and the number of shopping persons off the island, with the exception of the negative per capita increase in consumption in 2017, has maintained a certain rate of growth for duty-free per capita consumption, but a relative slowdown in recent years can be observed. In 2012, per capita consumption was about $2,235, while in 2019 it was about $3,554, with an average annual compound growth rate of 6.85 per cent.
This represents an average annual compound growth rate of 26.45 per cent between 2012 and 2019. According to customs statistics at Hainan Island, after the implementation of the New Deal, tax-free sales in January-November 2020 amounted to $23,222 million, with 3.839,000 shopping places and 2,832 million shopping items, representing an increase of billions, 34.07 billion and 3,715 million, respectively, almost 100 million yuan per day.
Figure 22. Number of duty-free purchases off Hainan Island Figure 21. Size of duty-free sales off Hainan Island Figure 24. Number of duty-free sales of goods off Hainan Island
Overall, following the implementation of the exemption policy, the development of the Hainan tax-exempt industry has remained relatively stable. With the adjustment of the target audience, the gradual easing of the purchase-restriction requirements, and the growing variety of customer shopping, adding up to the 2020 new crowning epidemic has affected the entry and exit tourism industry, the development of the duty-free operation in Hainan is expected to improve.
From 2012 to 2019, the number of overnight visitors in Hainan rose, as did the number of shopping people, which increased from 3.19% in 2012 to 5.63% in 2019. Between January and November 2020, the number of overnight visitors in Hainan fell by 23.2%, and the number of duty-free shopping persons by 3.839,000.
This represents an increase of 14.1 per cent, with a rate of 8.31 per cent for duty-free shopping penetration. Although Hainan was affected by the new crown epidemic in January-November 2020, the drop in tourist arrivals was marked, but the increase in the number of duty-free shopping in the New Deal for exemption from the island was also marked.
In the city of Sanya, the net profits of the company are higher. The tax-free shop company of Sanya City, Ltd., is the company ' s wholly owned equity company. Since the start of the tax-free operation in September 2014, operating income has increased considerably, from $8.01 billion in 2018 to $1.0465 billion in 2019, at a rate of 31.66 per cent and 30.65 per cent, respectively, with an average annual compound growth rate of 25.30 per cent.
Tax-free shops in Sanya also showed a high and steady growth rate, increasing by 12.9 per cent from the same year in 2016, and by the same year in 2017 a net profit of $1 billion, accounting for 30.46 per cent of net profits from the tax-free sale of goods by companies in that year. In the first half of 2020, tax-free shops in Sanya were opened in the absence of a New Deal for exemption from the island, with a revenue of $5,977 million, an increase of 12.16 per cent, and net profit for mothers of $595 million.
The corresponding decline of 28.57 per cent, or 63.91 per cent of the net profits of the company ' s parent, was recorded in Sanya, where the number of free shop shopping was 1,010,000, 970,000, 1.31 million, 1.7 million and 2.170,000, respectively, and the rate of increase was over 27 per cent for the rest of the year, except for the 3.96 per cent decline in 2016, which was the highest in 2017.
The average annual compound growth rate of 21.1 per cent over five years was 35.05 per cent, compared with 4,204, 4,851, 4,644, 4,712 and 4,823 between 2015 and 2019 respectively, except for a decline of 4.27 per cent in 2017. The average annual compound growth rate was 3.49 per cent.
Small, mainly contributing to revenue collection, is the higher number of shopping people per year. Although affected by the epidemic, the implementation of the tax-free New Deal in 2020 is expected to raise the number of shopping people and the unit price of the Sanya tax-free shop, and the performance of the Sanya tax-free shop is expected to make a breakthrough.
Not 4.88 million, 4.51 million, 5.51 million, 5.97 million, 7.31 million, or 10.63 per cent annually on average, table 31.86 per cent, the rate of entry into tax-free shops in Sanya has changed little, and the increase in the number of visitors staying overnight in Sanya has increased to $30,000 per year.
However, domestic tourism has been liberalized, the shopping quota has been raised to $100,000 per person per year, and the shopping conversion rate is expected to increase with the liberalization of the shopping quota, which is now the largest single-body duty-free city in Asia, where brands are more fully housed. The Sanya Sea Bay Free City project, which began on 1 September 2014, has an investment of 5 billion yuan, a construction area of approximately 120,000 square metres and a commercial area of 72,000 square metres, is currently the largest in the world.
Single-body tax-free shops. According to the network of company officials, the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free city has introduced nearly 300 internationally recognized brands, including Louisvuitton, Prada, Amani (giorgioarmani), Rolex and other international front-line luxury brands, with more than 100,000 single fashion items.
For the first time, top brands such as Lancome, perfume, cosmetics tourism and concept stores appear in tax-free cities. Designed to meet the different needs of customers by starting with five functions: specialty goods, Henan specials, outdoor sports, food, customer service, etc.
Figure 31. The completion of phase II of the Sanya International Free City II Rivermin Island project is complementary to phase II. Phase II of the Sanya Sea Bay Free City project started in 2017 and was officially opened in 2020 with a total investment of $1.2 billion and a construction area of 65,000 square metres, including two 35,000 square metres above the surface and 30,000 square metres below the ground floor.
Fanmi, with a commercial area of 32,000 square metres, built 13 main buildings. The Hatoshima project consists of four thematic areas, namely, the Fun House, the International Ideas, the International Carnival, the International Food Fair, each of which contains a number of commercial and ancillary construction units, and three bridges to the first phase. Although the Hatoshima II project cannot sell tax-free items, it is a phase.
In terms of the location of the thematic areas, the Hae-Mae Island II project highlights the leisure function of the tourist shopping malls, enhances the overall shopping experience of Sanya International Free City and enables the overall planning requirements associated with the first phase of the project. Customers can enjoy the diversity of the services of San Asia International Free Markets, while meeting the core requirements of tax-free shopping, while increasing the duration of the shopping stay.
On the basis of the increase in tourism consumption and tax-free consumption in addition to duty-free goods, and the broadening of the income structure of the International Free City, tax-free shops in Sanya City are projected to generate: (1) Shopping: the negative growth of duty-free operations in China, China, and China, due to the temporary non-restoration of overseas tourism (except Macao, China).
The number of Sanya shopping is expected to increase by 50% by the same year in 2020; the increase will slow down as the epidemic resumes in 2021, with the advance of 3.1.5 Tria Airport tax-free shops: perfect Sanya tax-free shop layout, facilitate shopping choices for customers, establish Sanya Airport tax-free companies and actively apply for exemption from the island.
Sanya Free Shops Ltd., Inc., and Sanya Airfield Investment and Development Ltd. jointly invest in RMB 100 million in cash, Central Phoenix Airport Free Shop Limited, with 51% of the stock in Sanya City, and the joint venture is applying for exemption from the island as required. According to Sanya Airport Officer Network, Sanya Airport has been developed since 1 July 1994 and is now operating free from the island.
Between 2015 and 2019, tourist traffic at Sanya airport increased from 16.19 million to 2016.4 million, at an average annual compound increase of 5.64 per cent, with a certain gap between the size of passenger traffic at Seaport airport; however, tourists at Sanya airport have a strong tourist identity and demand for tourism and shopping.
If the airport's tax-free shop is approved, it will be possible to improve the layout of the Sanya tax-free shop. The Sanya airport terminal has a rich commercial set-up, with a space of 174,000 square miles outside it, and it also has a ready shop that can be converted into a tax-free shop, which will guarantee the future need for a tax-free shop at Phoenix airport.
It is expected to improve the layout and radiation areas of the Sanya Ex-Island tax-free shop. The Sanya store is located in the Seagull area, mainly for tourists and residents of the Eastern Sea Bay region of Sanya, and is located in more leisurely and high-end tourist areas and accommodations such as Atlantis, Jijia Island, Haichang Marine Park, and in areas of high-end residential concentration in Sanya city, including Biri Park, Wan.
The tax-exempt stores at Sanya Airport are mainly located in the central and western parts of the country, and include three major traffic hubs at Yalong Bay High Station, Sanya Station, Phoenix Airport, as well as known tourist attractions and regions such as the South Mountain, the Cape of the Sky, the Cave, the Deer Return, the Chien Chi, the Sanya Bay, the Great East Sea, and the Yalong Bay.
The construction of the Sanya new airport is subject to environmental control and uncertainty. On September 10, 2019, the information from the Sanya new airport project ' s Marine Environmental Impact Assessment, which has been stalled for more than two years, was republished because of the more problematic use of the sea and the environmental assessment reports, and if the project can be evaluated and itemized, it will meet the planning requirements of 55 million air passengers in 2030.
The project is located in the Red Tong Bay area of Sanya City, 27 kilometres from the centre of the city, 15 kilometres from Phoenix International Airport, and 4 kilometres from the shore, including both human and industrial engineering and external transport works. However, according to an administrative sentence issued by the Department of Eco-Environmental Affairs of Hainan Province on 18 June 2020, the Sanya New Airport Construction Investment Company Ltd. did not prepare a marine environmental impact report and was not reviewed by the maritime administration.
In the case of the approval of the construction of the sea-filling works, the evidence obtained on site led to a decision to order the suspension of the construction works, with a total investment of 200 million yuan, 4 per cent of which would amount to a fine of 80 million yuan, to be restored to the status quo ante. 3.1.6 Seaside airport duty-free shop: the first duty-free place to leave the island and the parent company to be exempted from becoming a new business growth point.
In October 2018, the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province transferred 51% of its shareholdings in Hainan Free Products Limited to China’s tourism group, the company’s controlling shareholder, in exchange for the 2% shareholding then known as China’s National Travel. In order to avoid competition between China and its companies, the Group immediately initiated a procedure to inject 51% of its shareholdings at sea into listed companies.
In May 2020, the company was exempted from 51% of the shares held in the Sea by a group of countries holding shares in cash acquisition holdings of 2,065 million yuan. Sea exempt companies were established in 2011 to operate State-approved duty-free off-island operations in Hainan Province, construction and rental of premises, operation of taxes, wholesale and retail trade in goods, warehousing, logistics, foreign trade, etc.
To date, four of the existing duty-free stores in Hainan Island have been incorporated into the company, free of virtually complete control of the exclusive right to tax-exempt from Hainan Island. According to the company’s network, the first offshore duty-free store in the country was opened on 21 December 2011.
With a total of 14,000 square metres of operating space, East Street, West Street, Middle Street, and Seagate Air Brigades are located in Euro duty-free cities, operating 45 types of duty-free goods, bringing together more than 300 internationally recognized brands worldwide. Because of the special characteristics of off-island duty-free access, sea-crossing airports have a lower rate of seizure and are under less pressure to operate than airport duty-free shops in Beijing, Shanghai, etc.
The implementation of the New Deal is expected to accelerate the increase in the unit prices and penetration rates of the Seagate airport. According to data from the Ports-Millan Air Port Bulletin, the number of passengers at Seaports increased from 16,667.7 million in 2015 to 2,421.66 million in 2019, with an average compound rate of 10.63 per cent per year; The rate of passengers at Seaports slowed down in 2018 and 2019, with 6.81 per cent and 0.39 per cent, respectively.
The second phase of the airport expansion project is expected to be operational, with 45 million annual passenger throughputs in one and two rounds effectively easing the air load. Between 2015 and 2019, the maritime airport duty-free shop sales rose from 1,239 million yuan to 2,311 million yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 16.86 per cent; sales grew by only 3.22 per cent and 9.11 per cent in 2018 and 2019, possibly from the Oceanic Moon Square in 2019.
In terms of the number of free shopping persons, there was a slowdown in the number of shopping persons in 2018 and 2019, with 5.62 per cent and 9.31 per cent, respectively, and 1.267 million in 2019. From 2015 to 2019, the rate of penetration of duty-free shopping and the annual increase in revenue from the sale of tax shops showed that the number of shopping persons contributed significantly to the increase in income.
With sales revenue of $1,255 million, with 4,477 million in purchases, an increase of 11 per cent, a decrease of 30 per cent, a penetration rate of 7.41 per cent, and a passenger unit price of approximately $2,803.22, it is expected that the New Deal will lead to an increase in penetration rates and unit prices. After company hosting, the supply will be arranged by the company as a whole, and the Seaport airport duty-free shop will be expected to increase considerably in terms of abundance of goods, logistics efficiency, cost control, and quality of services.
The data show that there is a significant difference between the number of duty-free shop shopping at Seagate Airport and the number of duty-free shop shopping in Sanya City, which reached 2.17 million in 2019, only 1,267.1 million in anti-seaside shopping, and more than two times the number of duty-free shop shopping in Sanya City.
Tax-exempt shops in Sanya, with a unit price of approximately $4,823 in 2019, have remained relatively stable in recent years; however, the airport duty-free shop bill shows a downward trend from 2,517 in 2015 to 1,911 in 2019, with a marked difference between the price-free stores in Sanya.
Colours, the theme of which is the creation of the country's largest airport-to-island free-trade zone within Phase II, includes 11% of the total construction of the t2 terminal, approximately 33,000 square metres of commercial space, and about 10,000 square metres of duty-free commercial space, which has now been introduced to 548 brand businesses. The increase in tax-free business space and unique designs are expected to enhance visitors' shopping experience, thus creating the potential for growth in performance.
3.1.7 Tax-exempt shops in Haiguchi City: Seagate International Free City replaced Sanya as the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world. One year after the opening of the Seagate Sun Square tax-free shop, sales reached a peak of $1 billion, with a single price higher than the Seagate Airport.
On 19 January 2020, according to the Customs Department of Haiguchi, the tax-free shop at the Plaza of the Sun and the Moon was opened in June 2019, with a total of 1.74 million duty-free items sold and 1,025 million yuan sold.
The number of items was 420,000, at a unit price of approximately $2,440, higher than the price of a tax-free shop at Seagate Airport. The first year of opening the tax-free shop at Seagate and Moon Square could, in our view, be the result of three factors: first, the location of the core cbd business circle at Seagate, the improvement of the supporting service facilities and the possibility of meeting the increased demand of the customer for duty-free shopping; and, second, the proximity of airports, ports, and high iron vents.
Ashore, located in the centre of the city and accessible to transport, has the advantage of accessibility; thirdly, the addition of the seagate airport to a wider range of services, including passengers from ports and high-speed off-islands, as well as residents of the island.
In December 2018, the company issued an announcement that its Sun National Bank (Seaport) Investment Development Company Ltd. had successfully won the seaside road west of the seafront, and that the new port had a total of six plots east of 6th Street, with construction land for the construction of the Seagate International Free City and its accompanying projects, which had a total area of approximately 324,000 square metres.
The total design area of 693,000 square metres, with a total investment of approximately 12.26 billion yuan, will replace the Sanya International Free City as the largest single-body tax-free business city in the world. The company feasibility report shows that six parcels of land are dominated by commercial land, including commercial, residential, commercial facilities, hotel land, etc., with commercial space of 475,000 square metres, commercial office space of 78,000 square metres, residential space of 80,000 square metres, alcohol, etc.
The project will be developed in two phases, one focusing mainly on free commercial complexes and apartments, dwellings, lots five, plots two and three, with an estimated investment of $5.88 billion and a 36-month development period; and the second focusing mainly on commercial neighbourhoods, writing buildings, hotels, specifically plots one, four and six, with an estimated investment of $6.98 billion and a 42-month development period.
According to the Hainan Daily News, in March 2019, work began on a five-story (tax-free city commercial complex) with the creation of a world-class tourist cultural and leisure experience, mainly “tax-free” and based on tax-free practices, covering the world of ice and snow, tropical rainforests, flying cinemas, and other landscape entertainment facilities, as well as complementary high-end meals; on the morning of 30 July 2020, the Seagate International tax-free city project was located in two and three areas of the same land.
In 2019, 15,568 million passengers at the mouth of the sea port, of which 77,914,000 were off-island passengers, were the main target group for duty-free shopping off-island.
The location of the Seaport International Tax Free City project is expected to better serve duty-free passengers who leave the island by ferry at sea port. The Seagate International Tax Free City project phase is expected to open in 2022, which will be an important guarantee for the balanced development of the Seaport's tax-free shop.
Tax-free shopping at the Plaza, the location and operation of the Haiguchi International Free City project, which directly serves the duty-free shopping needs of passengers in the new port adjacent to it, as well as closer to the port of Su Ying and the port of South China, can effectively address the current situation of the market away from the ship's port, which is open to passengers and the timing of their departure from the island. In the future, the functions of the intra-Haguchi store and the airport store will be clearer.
Indeed, intra-city shops are expected to serve mainly high-iron, self-carriage and ship departure passengers, and airport stores are expected to serve mainly passengers leaving the island by air, Seaport tax-exempt shops are expected to generate revenue: customers are not as tourist-like as Sanya stores, but there is room for growth (1) Seaport airport shops: the return of duty-free consumption from the liberalization of duty-free off-island policies, despite the effects of the 2020 epidemic, are expected to be reduced to zero consumption,
The number of duty-free shops at Haekguchi airport is expected to grow by about 50 per cent throughout the year and to grow at a faster rate in 2021 and 2022, with a split of 20 per cent and 20 per cent; as a result of the increase in the type of duty-free shopping and the amount of the restrictions, the price of the passenger unit is expected to increase by about 50 per cent, and duty-free stores in the cities of 2021 and (2).
The Ivmh and Bogley negotiations are likely to make progress, with a roughly flat rate of growth in unit prices of 20 per cent. 3.1.8 Seanan Ex-Island tax-free for the future: Consequently, exemption from the development off-island bill Hong Kong, China, is not only driven by policies to build international self-trade ports and internal cycles, but also by the creation of international first-class tourist destinations.
Hong Kong, China, is a world-famous free trade port. According to Hong Kong Customs, Hong Kong, China, does not have to pay customs duties on the import or export of goods, nor does it require any tariff combination or surcharge, nor does Hong Kong, China, impose any value-added tax or equivalent service tax, except for alcohol, tobacco, hydrocarbons and methanol.
According to the Hainan Free Trade Port Building General Program, Hainan windpipes will be launched by 2025 in due course, and the tourism attractions will likely be raised in free trade. Compared to China’s tourist arrivals and those from China’s Hong Kong, China’s tourist arrivals will have surpassed Hong Kong, China, in 2016, and will have reached 2019.
In Hong Kong, China, 831.2 million arrivals have been received, while Hong Kong, China, has remained at between 55 million and 6,500 visitors, while Hong Kong, China, has seen a steady increase in the annual rate of 11.78% and Hong Kong, China, 1.46%. But there is a gap between Hong Kong, China, and Hong Kong, China, in terms of retail sales of social goods from 2015 to 2019.
The sales, although at an average annual compound rate of 2.4 per cent, remained generally in the range of RMB 370 billion to RMB 420 billion; Retail sales of Chinese social consumption rose from RMB 132.5 billion in 2015 to RMB 180.8 billion in 2019, at an average compound rate of 8.08 per cent per year, which is smaller than Hong Kong, China, and may have greater scope for improvement in the future.
With sales growing, reaching 13.6 billion yuan in 2019, and tax-free sales reaching 23.22 billion yuan in the first 11 months of 2020, exemption from taxes on the island could be an important driver for the growth of retail sales of consumer goods in Hainan society. Adding to the rise in the number of tourists in Hainan Island and free trade ports, as well as consumption trends from abroad, are stimulating domestic shopping, and it is expected that China will be in China in the future.
Hong Kong has made better progress towards zero and tax exemptions. 3.2 Airfield tax exemptions: pre-positioning of North, Upper and Broad Core Airports prior to entry and exit. 3.2.1 Airfield tax-free shops have increased their income from the same period, but the net profit contribution of the main airport duty-free stores has been lower.
Figure 48.2019: Share of the airport tax-free stores in 2019. According to company announcements, the airport tax-free shops in 2019 in Beijing (Capital International Airport and Daesing International Airport), Shanghai (Hian Pu Dong International Airport and Rainbow Bridge International Airport), Guangzhou and Hong Kong, China, respectively, generated revenue of $8,589 million, $15,149 million and 19.22.
One hundred million yuan and 2,402 million yuan, a year-on-year increase, with the tax-free base at Guangzhou Airport being small, the same year-on-year increase. Adding to the total revenues from the four airports' tax-exempt stores represents 59.75 per cent of the company’s total tax-free business income.
The total Māori total reached 50.00%, but the net profits of Japan ' s Shanghai and Shanghai China as shareholders in listed companies amounted to 449 million yuan and 140 million yuan, representing only 9.70% and 3.02% of the net profits of the company in 2019, which contributed less to the net profits than their contribution to the company ' s operating income. The main reason is that the tax-free stores at Beijing and Shanghai Airports are subject to higher airport deductions, which are exempted from the winning airport.
The three major airports have an important entry/exit portal. Beijing airport, Shanghai airport, Guangzhou airport are located in Beijing, the Long Triangular Development Area, and the Bay of Australia region of Hong Kong, the economic, social and cultural regions of the country.
The important area of development, which is also an area of the country’s early opening to the outside world, is an important gateway to entry and exit from the country. Because of the region’s well-developed, frequent commerce and trade, and the degree of cooperation in international cultural exchanges, foreign business guests, tourist tourists, tourists studying abroad, etc., prefer entry and exit from airports or ports in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou.
Three major airports account for half of the country’s traffic. According to the Civil Aviation Directorate and relevant company announcements, 1,352 million passengers were reached at airports throughout the country in 2019, of which 168 million were passengers. Ten thousand, 73.3785 million, or 18.46%, of the total passengers at the airports, and the total passengers at the airports mentioned above were on the national plane.
From the calibre of incoming and outgoing throughput, the capital airport, Shanghai Pudong airport, Guangzhou Bai Yun airport, 2019, 27,574.3 million throughputs, 385,136,000 through 17,94 million through 5,01% of the total throughput in and out of the country's airports.
The region’s infrastructure is well developed, and there is an advantage in the amount of incoming and outgoing passengers. In the future, there will be an improvement in the volume of incoming and outgoing passengers at the three main cities’ airports, including the future increase in the capacity of Beijing’s Dahin airport, the expansion of the runway and terminal at Shanghai Haipodong airport, and the third expansion of the White Cloud airport in Guangzhou.
3.2.1 Shanghai Airport tax-free shops: The airport and points have increased their operating space, but they still have high holdings in Shanghai and a new contract to upgrade the company’s duty-free operating space at Shanghai Airport.
From 1st to 31st December 2025, a total of 7 years. From the past 1,500 square metres, the Rainbow Bridge Airport tax-free shop has increased to 2,088 square metres of the new contract period, and the Pudong Airport tax-free shop has increased its area of operation from 6,600 square metres to 16,915 square metres prior to the tender.
On the basis of the winning bottom rent, the total floor rent for the contract period at the Jaungbridge airport at Shanghai Pudong airport is $4.307 billion, which is equivalent to $513 million per month for each month of sale in Shanghai. In terms of the rate of deductions, the two main airports in Shanghai are combined.
At the same time, different deduction rates can also help to optimize the structure of sales in Shanghai, especially with respect to the promotion and marketing of department stores and luxury goods, and produce at a lower rate based on the enrichment of the product structure.
According to the company finance report, the most significant reasons for the decline in net profits and net interest rates on a year-on-year basis are likely to be higher than the new cut, with 20h1 being affected by the epidemic, with revenues of $10,051 million, $15,149 million and $6,867 million, respectively, in Shanghai, Japan, in 2018, 2019 and 20h1, respectively.
The revenue from the Shanghai airport tax-free shop is projected to decrease: (1) the number of arrivals and arrivals through Shanghai airport is reduced: from 2017 to 2019, the number of arrivals and arrivals from Shanghai airport rose from year to year, although
The increase is small, but it is still the country’s largest traffic point at airports. However, in 2020, affected by the new crown epidemic, the flow of passengers is expected to decline, estimated at 50%; as some countries have so far begun to inoculate the new crown, the population is expected to expand next year, with the rate of traffic estimated at 100% in 2021 for passengers arriving and leaving Shanghai airport; and the 2022 Brigade of Emigration and Emigration.
(2) The average unit price for incoming passengers is affected by the epidemic: the average unit price for incoming and outgoing passengers at Pudong Airport was $278.16 and $393.33, respectively, increasing by 33.41% between 2018 and 2019.
(3) As a result of the new canopy epidemic, which has led to a sharp drop in the traffic of passengers and passengers arriving and leaving Shanghai airport, the company ' s sales performance at the airport duty-free shop has been greatly affected. Following the 2020 epidemic, the company began to expand its direct-line mail and telecommunications operations.
As the epidemic improves, the Department has developed a strategy for the development of off-line operations, as well as a temporary policy of preferential measures in the context of the epidemic. It is expected that in 2021, the Beijing airport tax-free shop: the winning airport tax-free shop will be upgraded.
According to the company announcement, July 2017 was the capital airport tax-free company and square metres. The contract was for eight years, from 11 February 2018 to 10 February 2026, and the contract required the capital t1 and t2 to have a base fee of 830 million yuan for the first year and 47.5 per cent for the sale of duty-free goods; and the capital t3 had a base fee of 2.2 billion yuan for the first year and a sales deduction.
In March 2019, according to the company's announcement, the company won the winning airport with tax-free rights to operate for 10 years, from 2019 to 2029, with an area of 5,133 squares.
In addition, the tax-free area of the airport is about 1,530 square metres higher than that of the capital airport t2 terminal; at the same time, the first-year premium is 646 million yuan, which is lower than that of the capital airport t2.
Tax sales represent a ratio of about 20% of food and alcohol, about 75% of fragrance, about 5% of all refined goods, and 45.3% of all exit points at Da Hing Airport, compared to the capital airport. Moreover, the annual sales of the Da Hing Airport’s base salary are estimated to be about $1.37 billion, which is expected to be successfully completed in the light of the operation of the capital airport.
Net interest rates have declined, affecting profits at the Beijing airport. According to the company ' s financial reports, revenues in China between 2017 and 2019 were $4.311 billion, $6.735 billion, $7.477 billion, net profits 402 million, $344 million, $273 million, net interest rate share, and operating fees.
Two city-to-city developments are expected to lead to an increase in the number of visitors to and from Beijing airport. The development of Beijing airports is planned in accordance with the Beijing Daesing International Airport Transfer and the “One City Two” Flight Time Resource Allocation Program (hereinafter referred to as the "Package Programme") and the Beijing “One City Two" Transfer Resource Coordination Programme (hereinafter referred to as the Coordination Programme) issued by the Civil Aviation Authority.
The target of 45 million passenger throughput and 72 million by 2025 was achieved; the capital airport will be located as a large international air hub serving the central functions of the capital and achieving the target of 82 million passenger throughput. The capital airport passenger throughput is designed to carry 85 million passengers per year, with 95,784 passengers per year from 2017 to 2019, and 10,098.33 passengers per year at the capital airport.
One-city two-campaign development regulations will ease the current situation of overworked airports in the capital city and will allow for a more coordinated development of airports in the Kyoto region.
The future development of the airport is expected to increase the volume of incoming and outgoing passengers. In 2019, 27,574,300 passengers were in and out of the capital airport, accounting for about 28 per cent of total passenger traffic in the year. The target of two intakes, as planned by the Configuration Programme and the Coordination Programme, was measured in comparison to the volume of incoming and outgoing passengers in 2019. The estimated value of incoming and outgoing passengers at the airport was approximately 2021 and 2025 respectively.
12.6 million and 20.16 million, but given the impact of the epidemic, the full recovery of incoming and outgoing passengers in 2021 is uncertain, while the development goals for 2025 are expected to be successfully met.
For reference and measurement, assuming that the tax-free consumption of passengers in the airport units of the capital is $311 in 2019, it is possible to show a decrease or increase of between 5 and 10 per cent; at the same time, the revenue from the sale of tax-free goods at the airport of the capital in 2019 is expected to be between $5.9 billion and $9.3 billion for passengers arriving and leaving the airport.
Revenue projections for the Beijing airport tax-free shop: The arrival and departure of Da-Hing International Airport, which has begun to sail, has increased slightly, and is affected by the new coronary virus epidemic, which is expected to occur in 2020, is expected to increase from Beijing airport, as the epidemic is fully controlled and the Ministry of Education and Tourism is advocating an increase in the number of inbound tourism services.
The increase in the number of incoming and outgoing passengers is expected to be 10 per cent. (2) For the period 2017-2019, the capital airport spent $221.88, $269.98 and $311.49, respectively, at a more rapid rate. However, the impact of the epidemic has resulted in a decrease in the number of incoming and outgoing passengers, as well as a greater preference for deposits than consumption, such as capital flights.
The average unit price for arriving and departing passengers will fall by 5 per cent in 2020, the outbreak will be better controlled by 5 per cent in 2021, and the tax-exempt shop at Guangzhou Airport will increase by 3.2.3 per cent in 2022: the size of the duty-free shop will be increased, the base level will be small, the rate of incoming and outgoing passengers at Guangzhou Airport will continue to increase at a steady rate, and the same rate will be higher.
There was a slight increase in the total number of passengers tossing, 65,807,000, 69,972.04 million, and 73,785 thousand, including 24.45% of incoming and outgoing passengers. Guangzhou White Cloud Airport, the third-largest airport to be used as an inbound and outgoing tourist in China, tax-free shop development has been different from that of the capital airport and Shanghai airport.
The revenue from sales was $845 million and $1.922 billion, respectively, representing a growth rate of over 127%. The significant increase in sales performance was related not only to an increase in the size of the company’s tax-free shop at Guangzhou Airport, but also to the company’s growing wealth of duty-free goods in its operations.
The deduction rate is 39% per month for 10,000 yuan per month; the monthly bottom rent will be reduced to 23.56 million yuan per month after the start of t2 and the rate will be 42% of the same as for t2. In general, the tax-free terms for entry in relation to the Guangzhou airport, the high level of guaranteed sales, the cut-off points in the exit duty-free shop and the monthly bottom sales are relatively low.
In 2019, the sales revenue of the three major airports increased by the same year, and White Cloud Airport ranked third in terms of operating effectiveness at $308,000 per square metre, and with Shanghai Airport at $797,000 per square metre with the capital.
There is a gap between the 498,000 yuan/m2 operating floors of the airport. In the future, as Guangzhou airport passes through the epidemic, incoming and outgoing passengers are expected to recover and gradually increase, the accumulation of duty-free shop goods is expected to increase further, and the level of tax-free premises at Guangzhou airport is expected to improve, and it is expected that they will be brought in to Shanghai airport and Beijing airport.
Revenue projections for Guangzhou Airport: (1) Decreased number of arrivals and departures affected by the epidemic: 2017-2019. Total number of passengers at Guangzhou White Cloud Airport.
(a) The increase in the range, taking into account the negative impact of the new coronary virus epidemic on travel in and out of the country, will reduce the intake of incoming and outgoing passengers by 50 per cent throughout 2020 and, as the global epidemic is gradually brought under effective control, is expected to rise by 100 per cent on average in 2021;
Airport traffic is expected to increase by 30%. (2) From 2018 to 2019 at Guangzhou White Cloud Airport, there was an increase of 51.08 yuan and 107.13 yuan, respectively, more than one-fold, but there is still a significant gap with the capital airport and Shanghai Airport.
The tax-free categories and products are expected to be enriched and, with the exception of 2020, which is clearly affected by the epidemic, it is expected that there will be good practices in 2021 and 2022: the Hong Kong airport of China will operate a small class of goods with limited ongoing profit margins.
As a result of the special events of 2019, Hong Kong airport traffic fell by 4.2% in 2019 to 71,543,000 times. Hong Kong, China, is rich in tourist resources and attracts both domestic and foreign tourists, with the largest number of visitors from the Mainland.
As a result of the events that occurred in Hong Kong, China, in 2019, the number of tourist arrivals in 2019 did not rise back to 14.18 per cent, and the number of tourist arrivals fell to 55.926 million.
In 2019, the number fell to 43,774 thousand, a decline of 14.23% compared to the previous year, which is similar to the decline in the total number of tourists in Hong Kong, China, and the decline in the number of tourists in Hong Kong, China, which has had some impact on the development of local tourism. The Mainland is the largest tourist destination in Hong Kong, China.
Hong Kong’s largest tourist-source market. According to data from tourist destinations in 2019, the top five destinations were: China’s mainland visitors (78.3%), China’s Taiwan tourists (2.80%), the United States (2.00%), Japan (1.90%), South Korea’s tourists (1.90%).
According to the Hong Kong Tourism Development Agency of China, tourism consumption by overnight tourists in Hong Kong, China, rose to more than HK$190 billion in 2015 and 2018, although overnight visitor consumption data exceeded HK$78 billion in 2015 and 2018, but due to the impact of the events of 2019, overnight tourists in Hong Kong, China, consumed more than HK$79 billion.
In Hong Kong, China, tourism consumption was highest among tourists in the interior, and between 2015 and 2019, overnight consumption amounted to more than 70%, although night consumption amounted to more than 90%.
While the share of inland tourists in tourism consumption in Hong Kong, China, has declined in recent years, the share of inland tourists in tourism consumption has declined significantly, from 68.8 per cent in 2015 to 57.1 per cent in 2015 and from 89.30 per cent to 86.60 per cent in 2015 and 2019.
The higher share of tourist shopping in tourism consumption may be explained by the fact that such tourists hardly need to spend any of their accommodation, as well as by the relatively low consumption of meals, entertainment, tickets, etc. The main purpose of their tourism is to buy. According to the Hong Kong Tourism Development Agency of China, the price of overnight visitors remained largely above HK$2,100 between 2015 and 2019, but the overall decline is due to a downward trend.
On the one hand, due to the events in Hong Kong, China, in 2019, which had an impact on the mood of Mainland residents to travel to Hong Kong and to shop, some of the costs of shopping to Hong Kong tourists were transferred to other countries and regions; on the other hand, the island of Hainan was tax-free, and the price gap between the sales of mainland goods (including luxury goods) and Hong Kong, China, was gradually narrowing.
In 2019, Hong Kong, China, saw a drop in sales in its zero business, and the impact of the epidemic increased in 2020. From the amount spent by overnight tourists who entered Hong Kong, China, in 2019, and the share of shopping in tourism consumption, we can tell that we entered China in 2019.
Hong Kong tourists spend approximately HK$88.3 billion on shopping. According to data released by the Statistics Office of the Hong Kong SAR of China on 4 February 2020, the provisional estimated value of retail sales in Hong Kong, China, was HK$431.2 billion in 2019, a decline of 11. per cent, the first time in three years of annual retail sales in Hong Kong, China.
In the first half of 2020, total sales in the retail sector were released at HK$ 160.8 billion, a decrease of 33.33 per cent in the same year, and provisional estimates of total sales in the first half of the year, a decrease of 34.9 per cent in the same year.
According to the announcement, in 2017 the company won a tax-free licence plate for cigarettes, alcohol, and local specialty products at Hong Kong airport in China, with the specific winning unit being the public store. The Chinese airport exemption store, dutyzerobycdf, opened on 12 July 2018, using the term “tax-free + tax-free”
From 2018 to 2019, according to the company announcement, the international airport tax-free shop in Hong Kong, China, earned 2,097 million yuan, 2,402 million yuan, an increase of 14.5 per cent.
Moreover, considering that the company’s Hong Kong airport in Hong Kong, China, operates mainly on tobacco and alcohol, and that the airport has a 48% hold, the future profit space is likely to be limited. It is worth noting that tax exemptions in China benefit from policy support and the impact of the epidemic in the future.
Tax-exempt consumption abroad is expected to return, which may support rising domestic tax-free sales. Revenue projections for Hong Kong Airport, China: more affected by the epidemic and stabilization of the gradual recovery process (1) Hong Kong Airport, China, has a lower percentage of incoming and outgoing tourists affected by the epidemic and related events: Hong Kong Airport, China, in 2019, was headed by an incoming and outgoing passenger.
Seventy-one hundred and fifty-three thousand, a 4% decline in the same year. The impact of the new crown epidemic in 2020 is expected to result in a 60% drop in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers to and from Hong Kong airport in China; the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers as the core airport in Asia is expected to rise by 100% in 2021, after the global epidemic has been better controlled; and an increase of 30% is expected in 2022, taking into account the historical chart of Hong Kong airport arrivals and departures in recent years, which shows a similar increase in the rate of incoming and outgoing passengers.
The volume of incoming and outgoing passengers is almost the same as it was in 2018. (2) The potential for significant increases in passenger unit prices is limited, and high withholding points remain a development constraint: Hong Kong airport in China has a higher number of incoming and outgoing passengers than North, Upper and Guang Airports, resulting in lower unit passenger and outgoing passengers, while 48% of the higher withholding points at airports affect Hong Kong, China.
As a result, companies are expected to adopt promotions and discounts in 2020 as a result of the impact of the epidemic and insufficient human flows, resulting in a 5 per cent reduction in the price of the passenger unit; effective control of the epidemic in 2021, a gradual recovery in the traffic of people at Hong Kong airport in China, with a 5 per cent increase in the price of the passenger unit; and a return to normal traffic at the airport in 2022, with a small 5 per cent increase in the price of the passenger unit.
3.3 Tax-exempt shops in the city: if open to the public, they will be a new growth point for the middle tax-free business. 3.3.1 Information on tax-exempt shops in our city is not fully accessible to the public.
At this stage, however, there is a gap between pre-departure and post-entry stores and the development of off-island and airport duty-free shops.
There are four main areas, one because of the early development of the foreign tax-exempt industry, the abundance of goods and the ease of shopping, and the fact that expatriates may have fewer duty-free purchases in China; the other because of the existence of post-entry duty-free shops competing with brands' department stores or their own shopping channels in the city; the possibility that brands may not be willing to enter tax-free shops, resulting in a shortage of goods in the stores; and the third because of the lack of ease of shopping in the airport duty-free shops.
The price scenario can easily provoke the willingness of passengers to shop and become a competitor for duty-free city; fourth, the relatively low annual purchase rates for each person in the city after our entry into the country may discourage purchasing and consumer sentiment.
According to the company’s network, on 23 August 2019, the company’s tax-free shop in Shanghai was officially opened as the fifth intra-city tax-free shop in the country since Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian and Beijing.
In Hong Kong, China, there is a flagship shop in the city of Make-A-Friendly, a duty-free shop in the city of Angkor, a duty-free shop in the city of Sihanouk, and a duty-free shop in the city of Pongjing, which will soon be established in Macao, China. Tax-free shops in priority cities are expected to be liberalized.
In March 2020, the National Development Commission and the 23 ministries of the Ministry of Commerce issued a joint opinion on the promotion of consumer expansion and the acceleration of the creation of a strong domestic market, which states that the integrated planning for the development of the tax-exempt industry should be further strengthened, the tax-exempt industry system should be improved, the city-specific duty-free shop policy should be improved, and a number of duty-free shops in China should be established.
Cities with conditions provide land, financing, etc. for the construction and operation of duty-free shops in the city and set up exit points for duty-free shops in the city’s airports. The company’s creation of priority urban duty-free shops will not only improve the internal business of the tourism industry, but will also increase the attractiveness of tourist-oriented cities to domestic and foreign tourists, while the city’s duty-free shops will not be held hostage to airport duty-free shops and are expected to contribute more to the company’s efforts.
The company’s move to reopen tax-free shops in priority cities may therefore be not only a good idea for the development of tourism spaces in the country, but also a refinement of tax-free puzzles in the company’s territory. At the same time, it is interesting to note that, given the six changes made so far to the policy of duty-free shopping in Hainan Island, there will be a possibility of opening free-trade stores in future cities before they leave the country, which, if liberalized, would benefit tax-free shops in the city, as well.
To a large extent, the development of tax-free shops in our city is lagging behind, and the development of tax-free shops in our city is forecast.
Figure 77. South Korea’s tax-free shop development path is similar to that of the main consumer group, choosing South Korea as a target. The choice of Korea as a tax-free shop for China is mainly based on the following. First, South Korea as the world’s largest tax-free seller, one of its major consumer groups.
A mainly Chinese tourist, with a clear trend towards duty-free shopping, is likely to boost the consumption of duty-free goods in China. Second, the development patterns and policies of South Korea’s duty-free shops have also been gradually opened up to the country’s citizens, as has the gradual increase in the shopping quota, which is useful for the liberalization of tax-free shop policies in the country.
The country’s geographical proximity allows the types of tax-free items sold to better meet China’s tourist needs, and will also serve as a useful reference for the future design and implementation of our city’s duty-free stores in terms of the structure of goods and their dissemination channels. The development of South Korea’s tax-free shops is expected to be a reference for China’s future.
In 1985, the tax-free purchase limit for Koreans was increased from $500 to $1,000, and, as a result of the 1988 Seoul Olympics and the liberalization of travel abroad, the number of incoming and outgoing passengers increased, accelerating the rapid increase in the number of duty-free shops in South Korea City. In 1995, the tax-free purchase limit for Koreans was increased from $1,000 to $2,000.
However, due to the effects of the financial crisis, the tax-free purchase limit for Koreans was reduced to $400 in 1997. In 2001, Koreans were tax-free for trillion won (approximately $1.711 billion). In 2006, the tax-free limit for Koreans was raised from $2,000 to $3,000. In 2007, construction of an integrated logistics warehouse in the self-trade zone reduced the cost of duty-free goods logistics and laid the groundwork for the revitalization of duty-free stores in the city.
Tax sales exceed 4.5 trillion won (about $3.85 billion), surpassing the United Kingdom in a single move, to the top of the world. In 2013, the city-wide tax-free shop license was renewed from ten to five years of public bidding, which facilitated orderly competition among tax-free dealers in South Korea. In 2015, the successful export of entertainment culture in South Korea and the surge in Chinese tourist consumption in South Korea, with South Korea selling tax-free goods worth more than 9 trillion won a year.
In 2017, the number of duty-free shops in South Korea increased from 10 in 2009 to 27, making it the largest channel for the sale of tax-free goods. In 2019, South Korea sold tax-free goods in excess of 24,86 trillion won (approximately $21,318 billion) and raised the tax-free purchase limit for Koreans to $5,000.
South Korea has the highest tax-free sales in the world, with the largest number of duty-free shops in the city. According to statistics from the Korea Tax-Free Shop Association, the volume of duty-free sales in South Korea increased from $8,143 million in 2015 to $21,264 million in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 28.09 per cent, the first country in the world to sell duty-free goods.
More importantly, South Korea’s share of duty-free merchandise sales in the global volume of duty-free commercial sales is increasing, with the latest data showing that in 2019 it reached 26%, suggesting that more than a quarter of the world’s tax-free merchandise sales took place in South Korea. In terms of the distribution of tax-free sales in South Korea, the share of duty-free stores in the city reached 87%, leaving the island.
From 2015 to 2019, tax-free sales by Koreans rose from $2,726 million to $3.476 billion, representing an average annual compound increase of 6.26%, maintaining a more stable contribution;
The contribution of foreigners to the purchase of duty-free goods is relatively greater, with the volume of duty-free goods sold by foreigners increasing from $5.417 billion to $17.842 billion between 2015 and 2019, with an average compound increase of 34.72% per year, a marked increase. As can be seen from the ratio of income generated by Koreans from the sale of tax-free goods to income generated by foreigners from the sale of tax-free goods, the contribution of foreigners to the sale of duty-free goods in Korea is increasing.
Figure 78. Tax-free global and Korean sales and South Korean share
World tax-free sales (left axis) Korea tax-free sales faster (right axis) Korea/World tax-free sales ratio (right axis)
There has been a significant increase in the number of duty-free purchases by Koreans and a marked increase in the unit price of foreign duty-free goods. In terms of shopping, the number of free purchases of goods by Koreans increased from 24,58690,000 between 2015 and 2019 to 28,474 thousand in 2019, with a yearly compound increase of 3.70%, and the rate of foreign purchases of tax-free goods slowed down; the number of foreign purchases of duty-free goods in South Korea increased from 16,081.4 million in 2015 to 16,014 million in 2015.
Next up to 2019, there were 2,016.2 million cases, with an average annual compound growth rate of 5.62%, with a drop in the number of foreign shoppers in 2017, probably due to the fall in the number of Chinese tourists caused by the “Sad” incident that year. In 2015, Koreans purchased tax-free goods 1.3 times the number of sub-foreign buyers, and by 2019 the figure increased to 2.05 times, and the number of tax-free sales created by Koreans increased to 2.05 times.
The share of free goods sold by foreigners has declined year by year, to only 19% in 2019. Thus, it can be calculated that in 2019, Koreans bought duty-free goods at a unit price of approximately $122, while foreigners bought tax-free goods at a unit price of about $891.
The size of the market for duty-free shops in South Korea could be much larger if our city’s tax-free shops were to be liberalized like South Korea. While the size of the market for duty-free shops in South Korea was not possible in the near future before the outbreak, it would still be of value as a reference for the development of tax-free shops in our country.
Beijing and Shanghai are important ports of entry and exit, and their economic development is leading the country, with potential capacity to consume duty-free goods. The company faces tax-free shops at Shanghai airport and Beijing airport.
The higher rate of deductions is likely to give a new boost to the company’s performance if duty-free shop shopping in the two cities is to be liberalized in the future and the shopping lines are to be relaxed as appropriate. According to the relevant indicators for the stores in Sanya and Haiguchi, the tax-free shop in Haiguchi Square opened for more than 1 billion dollars a year, at a unit price of $2,440, the number of shopping people was 420,000, and the number of tourists staying overnight at the sea port was 17.776 million the same year.
Between 2015 and 2019, the number of overnight arrivals increased from 1,238.64 million to 22.865 million, with an average compound growth rate of 16.56 per cent per year;
Inter-Tribunal Treasure Bay International shopping penetration increased from 8.15 per cent to 9.49 per cent, at an average annual compound rate of 3.88 per cent. Compared to the Inter-Tribunal Treasure Bay tax-free shop, which is fully owned by companies, it is more efficient and efficient to manage and operate at a relatively high level, and it is expected to have a relatively high penetration rate as a result of the tourism branding effect of the Sanya tourist market, which is already taking place in the country.
From 1 to 5 years, duty-free shop penetration is expected to be close to the level in Haiguchi, possibly 2 to 5%; from 5 to 10 years, it is expected to reach 6 to 10% in Sanya Sea Bay. Beijing and Shanghai are important ports of entry and exit for China, and companies are expected to perform in the future in both locations.
At this stage, the restrictions on the purchase of duty-free shops in our city have not been significantly relaxed, as has the exemption from duty on the island, but the amount of yen at sea has been growing. Thus, taking into account the potential consumption capacity of the higher incomes of the residents of the two regions, the cumulative market has increased from 3757 million to 45.7 million in 2019, according to data from the Shanghai General Inspectorate, and from 3757 million arrivals and departures through Shanghai ports in 2015 to 45.7 million visitors in 2019.
Given the impact of the epidemic in 2020, a negative increase of about 50% is projected, with an estimated 5% increase in the number of incoming and outgoing passengers for the rest of the year; thus, some 47.98 million arrivals are expected to be recorded at the Shanghai crossing in one to five years, and 50.38 million arrivals are expected in the long term.
Intra- and intra-city shops, from 10,000 to 2.39 million people, will receive a flow dividend from an increase in the number of incoming and outgoing passengers, free shop sales are expected to reach 5.04 million, and free shop sales may reach around $6.017.6 billion. Combined airport announcements for the capital and Beijing border entry and exit data, the number of arrivals and departures through Beijing ports in 2015 reached 22.58 million.
This figure increased to 26,67 million in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 4.2 per cent, slightly lower than the increase in the number of passengers entering and leaving Shanghai. Similar to Shanghai ' s ports of entry and exit, affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, the number of arrivals and departures from Beijing is expected to drop by about 50 per cent, but with the global epidemic under control, the year 2021 is expected to return to the same level in 2019.
The combined growth rate is estimated to have reached 27.8 million arrivals and departures in Beijing in 1 to 5 years; with two further developments in one city, an increase of about 9 per cent in the number of arrivals and departures in Beijing in the medium to long term is expected to be achieved, with the number expected to reach between 550,000 and 1.39 million intra-Beijing free shop shopping in 1 to 5 years, the same number as in Shanghai.
On the basis of a single price, the tax-free shop in Beijing is expected to reach about $500 million to $2.8 billion in the short and medium term. In the medium and long term, as the airport becomes fully operational, there will be a modest increase in the number of people entering and leaving Beijing, and it is expected that the number of duty-free shop shopping in the city will reach about 1.81 million to 3.03 million, with the potential to achieve tax-free sales of between 3.6 billion and 10.6 billion over the period.
At the same time, Wang Dynasty, with its experience in sales, has announced that it will continue to work in Beijing, where companies may face more competition than Shanghai. Given that the company is China’s first tax-free brand, the world is well-known for tax-exempt.
Businesses, maintenance of relations with upstream duty-free suppliers and accumulation of bargaining power over the years, as well as the layout of the two major airports in Beijing and China’s leading holdings, Beijing and even the country’s tax-free markets, are expected to be more secure.4 Profit forecasts and investment proposals are expected to be strong.4
The transformation of the company has shown confidence in development and greater clarity in the main business. In China in 2019, after cutting off the travel agency’s operations, the bulk of its business remained merchandise trade and other operations, of which 97.9% of the total revenue in 2019 was received by the merchandise trade business, which was the company’s largest collection block.
97.6% indicate that tax-exempt business is the most central part of the company. Thus, in the above-mentioned sections, we divide the company’s core business from three dimensions, namely, tax exemption from Hainan Island, tax exemption from airports, tax exemption from the city, etc., as a way of diagnosing the company’s future course of development. For his tax-exempt business, sales of taxed goods, and revenue assumptions for other operations are as follows:
(1) Other tax-exempt income: mainly tax-exempted revenue from the operation of the Ministry’s relevant airports, ports, cruises, and other duty-free shops. In 2020, the epidemic affected international transport, including airports, ports, cruises, etc., which fell significantly in the same year, and is expected to fall by 35% and recover 80% by 2021. (2) Revenue from tax-exempt operations: income from sales of other tax-exempt goods, including tourism commodities, souvenirs, etc., that are operated on a tax-free basis by companies.
The year is 20% and the year 2022 is 20% and 10%, respectively. (3) Other operations: the main ones include investments in business and real estate by the company’s national brigade. Although the impact of the external epidemic is ongoing, Haiguchi International, a major project funded by the national brigade, is expected to start working earlier than planned after the internal outbreak has been brought under control and is expected to be less affected by the epidemic.
According to projections for the company’s revenue collection over the next three years, although the company was significantly affected by the sharp decline in the flow of visitors to and from the country in 2020, it became the main growth in the company’s revenue growth as a result of the continued strength of the tax exemption from the island after the New Deal.
So we expect the company to collect $60,337 million in 2020, a 25,79% increase compared to the previous year. The global epidemic was brought under effective control in 2021 and 2022, and international tourism, which was affected by the spread of the new crown virus around the world in 2020, is expected to be home-grown in the tax-free industry that the company is focusing on.
Suffice it to ensure a stable growth of companies; however, due to the outbreak in the country in the first half of the year, which led to the closure of duty-free shops for almost two months, and the policy constraints in the first half of the year, such as transport, inter-provincial tourism, are expected to have some impact on the profitability of companies.
The gross rate of company sales of duty-free goods has reached 53.09% and 50% in 2018 and 2019, and the gross rate of sale of goods has been discounted and increases some of the costs of sales; however, the expected decline in revenues from airport duty-free shops that are more affected by the epidemic may not result in a significant increase in operating costs. Thus, in 2020, we expect a decrease in the cost of company sales by 1 pct to 30.07%.
In 2020, the epidemic led to a relative decline in companies’ operations in the first half of the year, with lower management costs, which are expected to fall to 3 per cent. With the opening and operation of San Phoenix Airport in 2021 and Seagate International Free City in 2022, we expect management costs to rise to 3.5 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively.
(4) Financial cost rates: The company’s financial costs are generally small and the company’s interest income and the revenue from the related treasury are negative because of the larger cash flow generated by the main tax-exempt operation. We expect the financial cost rates to be 5 per cent for the period from 2020 to 2022, respectively: other costs include the lower price of the more significant inventory in the loss of impairment of assets, the loss of bad debts, the loss of construction work in progress.
For classes such as these, which account for a relatively small share of turnover in relation to three fees, we project that other costs between 2020 and 2022 will remain relatively small, with income tax rates (6): In response to the negative impact of the epidemic, the State has introduced a series of tax relief policies for enterprises, and the General Programme for the Construction of Free Trade Ports in Hainan, which encourages tax rates for such enterprises, will be reduced. In 2019, the company ' s income tax rate was 24.38 per cent.
As a result, the minority shareholder equity/post-tax profit margin was estimated from 2020 to 2022 on the basis of the previous average of 85x, 50x, and 37x, respectively. Although the company’s duty-free operations, such as airports, ports, etc., were affected by the epidemic in 2020, the rise in tax-free reversibility has become an important driver for the company’s performance to maintain stability, and will continue to be relative to the return of duty-free consumption in the future.
It was determined that the company had a strong domestic tax-exempt leader and had pre-positioned three priority tax-exempt operations at airports, off-islands, and within the city, and we looked forward to a steady growth of the company over the medium to long term, covering the company for the first time and giving a “buy-in” rating.
While the internal epidemic is currently effectively under control, as weather cools and winter approaches, a possible second outbreak in the future, and a further restriction by the Ministry of Human Rights and Tourism on free travel and team travel, could have an impact on companies’ duty-free operations off the island. The second outbreak in the European and American countries could increase the cost of companies buying duty-free goods, resulting in inadequate or untimely supply of domestic duty-free goods, and lower purchases.
The concept of tax exemption in 2020 became a hot spot for the market, the application and granting of tax-free licences became an important factor affecting companies, and in the future, an increase in the scope of the issuance of tax-exempt licences could have some impact on companies, especially in their duty-free operations off Hainan Island.
In addition, it is not clear that duty-free shops in the city are open to foreigners and that failure to enact policies and raise the tax-free rate will affect the company’s future expectations.
The emergence of the vaccine will determine the extent to which the global economy is fully recovering in terms of emigration tourism, which is expected to be based on near- and distant-range logic; therefore, we expect that once it is liberalized, duty-free enterprises in the major destination countries will successively introduce duty-free shopping promotions and discounts for goods that attract international tourists, which may have some impact on companies ' tax-free operations.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)