Hitchon Technology Express: The fast report is up to expectations, 22 years old, 03/03 2022. In-manufacturing + import substitution continues to drive up.
Research assistant Chee Cheuk Chul-Dung, 2021 + 57%, mother-to-child net profit + 68%, and our performance is in line with our expectations. The firm issues 2021q4 non-recurring gains and losses in absolute terms, which are based on the fair value of overseas funds and exchange rate fluctuations against the renminbi.
Generous financial instruments due to rapid growth in fair value. ▪ General automated business: industries are growing at a steady pace, but the synchronous sector is operating with a strong focus on the structural opportunities of advanced manufacturing panels, on the one hand, and on the other, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, there is an upward tension, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, the import side.
The control product is expected to take over as a major growth pole, looking down into the company’s layouts, industrial machinery, industrial Internet, etc., and laying the foundation for the next round of growth. Oem industry needs 2021q4 for 10-medium- and long-term perspectives, with companies optimising downstream structures, highly beta-advanced manufacturing classes, and a continuous expansion of product groups.
▪ New power clients continue to spend more than their new client projects continue to be targeted +asp up in 2021, and the company ' s new energy automobile industry has suffered a significant loss this year and is expected to make a profit in 2022. 202103 new car business earns $870 million, the same ratio is +189%, and 202104 is expected to continue to grow at a similar rate, continuing to test high growth.
The power continues to spread, with 90.5 million vehicles/60.6 million in 2021, respectively, according to FMC data, with a sustained increase in value, a significant loss in profit margins this year, and a start to profit in 2022. With a large package of solutions + elevators + a further “deep-out” of the service market, 10% + is expected to be maintained.
Advance evaluation: Performance meets expectations, cost-end plus quarterly evaluation: Engineering and control lead industry, 37 times the price of electrical controls, 29 times the price.
Quarterly performance forecast ratings: q3 forecast performance marks match expectations, and the long line continues to reflect the strong start of α ' s 2021 fast returns of +57 per cent, the positive return of +68 per cent, and the performance of the company is in line with our expectations.
Dollars, equivalent to +38%; parent net profit of $1.04 billion, equal to +73%; non-mother net profit of $540 million, equal to +11%. Revenues, withholdings and non-profits are close to the upper limit of the forecast area and meet our expectations and slightly out-of-market expectations. 2021q4 non-regular gains and losses are higher in absolute terms and are derivative financial instruments of fair value for overseas funds and exchange rate fluctuations against the renminbi.
(b) General automation has declined in proportion to the growth in demand in the industrial-controlled sector, due to a moderate increase in demand, and considering the impact of, inter alia, the recovery of earnings from distribution points by the end of the year, some of the purchase orders have been recognized as income lags. However, the decline in the share of services and the rise in the share of new energy vehicles, such as the medium Maori rate, have had a structural impact on the Māori rate;
2. The price of raw materials is still high. On the cost side, the increase in the total number of employees & in the share-sharing of the fifth stage of the equity incentive (without a charge for costs associated with the long-term incentive scheme) and the cost of the new business (control layer software, digitization, energy management, new energy sources vehicles) and the cost of managing change are higher, and we expect a significant increase in the cost of 2021 q4 and the ring ratio.
General automated operations: the industry is growing at a steady pace, but the HSBC operates with a strong focus on advanced manufacturing panels and structural opportunities, “up and down” and, in a context of upstream tension, imports of substitute products are expected to take over as a major growth pole, with long-term viewing of corporate storage, industrial robotics and industrial interconnections.
New downstreams, such as the net, lay the foundation for the next round of growth. Prices, restricted output, and periodicity of some industries, have led to a decline in demand in the industry; however, demand has improved steadily since November.
In the medium-to-long term, the demand for advanced manufacturing industries as a result of industrial upgrading has increased dramatically, and import substitution has accelerated.
The share of goods sold is 15.8%, exceeding the share of Anchuan and Matsuko, which is the highest in the country. Whether the industry is beta or the alpha attribute where the company’s share is raised, the servile growth curve is steeper than the frequency changer, and we are expected to continue to increase by the same year in 2022, bearing in mind that the company has more than doubled its revenue in 2021.
3) plc: The acquisition of HSCP controls by companies has led to a gradual build-up of control platforms, product power, and the taking of alternative opportunities offered by foreign investment plc stockouts, and with the ability of the plc to provide rapid response services, we estimate that the plc will grow by more than 50 per cent in 2021, replacing the servile to become the fastest growing company.
In the medium-to-long term, the company ' s downstream structure is optimized, highly beta advanced manufacturing is more of a product type, and the product product group is multiplicity: while some factors such as the restricted electricity in the traditional discrete manufacturing sector indirectly influence the demand for industrial and controlled products, the industrial and regulatory structure of the company was significantly optimized in 2020-2021 and advanced manufacturing (lithium electricity, new energy, 3c, logistics) in 2021
The increase in demand in these industries, which together account for more than half of the total sales, is the central reason for the current period of high performance: 2) the continued expansion of the product category: the domestic industrial and regulatory sector track is wide enough to allow the process of expanding the product category of the Sinkuan to be “still on the way”: the company has been established under the Ministry of Industry and Control.
The energy sbu operation module, which has already made a breakthrough in the storage of energy transformers and energy management control systems, is expected to reach around 30% of the year ' s Sinkr Industrial and Control operations. New energy vehicles: new power customers, such as Vision 2021, small peng, continue to invest in new energy vehicles throughout the year.
In 2021, the order was full, the sales doubled, and the new power clients were released at a faster rate than expected. According to the FMC data, the number of sales of the company’s new power customers in 2021 was 90.5 million, or +177/+295 per cent, respectively, and the volume of sales was higher.
Client ladders are clear, sales from new/old customers are expected to increase, and in 2021 we expect a significant reduction in the supply of technology from the Hong Kong River, small pelicans, Wilma, etc., which is expected to be gradually expanded to three-and-a-half-one solutions, with the rest rising; and 2) in-house car companies, in the Great Wall, Hiroshi, Quasi, etc.
Swe, I, etc., are continuing to break through new fixes, and we expect to start contributing incrementally from 2022; 3) Overseas power-to-power imports and access to project fixes for first-line companies like psa, we expect to continue to increase R & D investment in 2023, so there is still a small loss; and electric motor power control operations are expected to start in 2022.
With a large package of solutions + elevators + service markets + further “digging out”, it is expected to maintain a stability of 10% + Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: We have a small upscaling of 2021 - due to corporate fast reporting's overall performance supermarket expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board