Repurchase for equity incentives, new subsidiary deployment robot, 22nd of 2022, Research Assistant Chelsea Chul Dynasty.
▪ Events: 1) The proposed buy-back for equity incentives has begun: 0.11 per cent of the companies for the implementation of the employee holding scheme or equity incentive on the evening of 17 March; 18 March, the companies competed for 10,000 yuan (excluding transaction costs). 2) The Nanjing River has been set up to deepen the staves and robotics layout:
The company intends to establish the Nanjing Sinkkawa and to purchase land and housing buildings in the name of the Nanjing Gang Ninghyonghyong Development Group for its own or self-financed purpose, to continue to operate in 2021 as a result of staggers, industrial robot production, the creation of industrial controls, and we estimate that the 2022q1 order will perform well.
robotics (robots, etc.): 1) Robots & Strings: The company is constantly developing core components such as robots, threads, etc., in conjunction with the plc, cnc, etc., to connect to the control layer platform, and is developing fast customisation for many downstream needs. 2) Others: the company is already storing energy transformers (pcs), energy tubes.
In addition to the breakthroughs in the control system, industrial Internet, electric power, etc. products are also being better configured, and they are expected to contribute in the medium to long term. New energy cars: new power customers such as Vision 2021, new energy automobiles, etc.
Technology is expected to expand from the supply of ideal, electrically controlled products, such as pelicans, to three-in-one solutions, while companies continue to screen high-quality car projects; 3) Abroad: continue to cut in with power products, and continue this year to scale up research and development end-inputs in search of breakthroughs.
The new energy vehicle is in need of a breakthrough and therefore requires a larger front-load of investment at both the R & D and the sales end. The company insists on two to three.
Annually sustained equity incentives (historic five-phase equity incentives have been introduced), with increased core interest bindings, helping to keep up with the peak.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain the company ' s net return profits for 2021-2023, 22 years of advanced manufacturing + import substitution, taking into account the company ' s strong presence in the industrial and regulatory sector of alpha, and its leading position in electrical and electrical power control.
Repurchase for equity incentives is now under way: on the evening of 17 March, the company announced a buy-back announcement to buy back shares of the company with its own funds of $100-200 million, or 0.05-0.11 per cent, for the implementation of a staff-held plan or equity.
A total of $38.3 million (excluding transaction costs) has been awarded. 2) The Nanjing Sinkkawa has been established to deepen the staves, robotics business, and the Bureau: the company intends to establish the Nanjing Sinkkawa and to purchase land and buildings in the name of the Nanjing Ganging Economic Technology Development Group for the use of staves, industrial robot production, research and development, and office space.
In 2021, the industrial controls continued to operate with alpha, and we estimate that the 2022q1 orders are bright and far above industry growth, that the q1 orders are significantly stronger than the industry, and that Alpha is extremely strong. Despite the steady demand of the q1 industry, and the average decline in January-February FDI output, according to smart industry data, is also due to the better downstream structure of the sinks and the domestic market.
Substitution continues to accelerate, and we estimate that the January-February increase in general automation orders will remain at more than 30%, well above the industry’s average, showing an extremely strong level of operating Alpha. The Ministry of General Services is expected to maintain 30% + growth this year, with sub-products: 1) frequency transformers: overall growth relative to service.
Over and above Antxuan, with a share of the highest in the country. Whether it's a beta-based industry or a alpha-based one with a higher share of the company, the servile growth curve is steeper than the frequency changer, and we expect it to be close to 50% on a year-on-year basis in 2022; 3) nrc: The company seizes the opportunities offered by the foreign-investment plc shortage, with high value for money and a fast response from the plc team.
In response to service capabilities, we estimate that in 2022, the plc harvest will continue to grow by more than 50 per cent, instead of serving as the fastest emerging business of the company in the long term (robots, etc.): 1) Robots and staves: core parts and components of the company ' s constantly expanding product categories, layout robots, staves, etc., in conjunction with the plc, cnc, etc., to connect to the control layer platform and to fast-track many downstream demands.
We've got a full series of scara robots, six-band robots, etc., "explosives", industrial machines in 2021 with a high demand for downstream 3cs, lithium power, electronics, etc., and we expect the company to double in 2021, and the division has made breakthroughs in the storage of energy transformers (pcs), energy management control systems, and industrial Internet, electricity, etc.
It is also improving the layout, and the medium- and long-term promise to contribute to the growth of performance. Figure 2: The tracking of orders by the industry’s core companies (in billions of dollars) New Energy Vehicles: the continued release of new power clients, such as the ideal year 2021, and the expected revenue from the new energy vehicle business are expected to reach 25-50.
During the year, both the company ' s new/old customer sales and its asp are expected to increase: 1) the new power force: the HSBC technology is expected to expand from the supply of ideal, integrated solutions such as small peng to triad solutions,asp continuously; 2) the in-house vehicle enterprise: the Great Wall power project is expected to release and grow in 2022, while the company continuously screens for high-quality car projects; 3) the overseas sector is expected to continue:
With the introduction of power-based products, we continue this year to scale up our research and development-side investments in search of breakthroughs, and we expect that from 2023, psa, Audi, etc., with a large package of solutions + elevators + service markets + further “deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-back shares will be expected to maintain a 10% +-stability incentive to boost business confidence.
During this period, new business poles such as robots, “n’s growth curves”, and new energy vehicles are in need of a breakthrough, requiring greater pre-investment at both the R&D and the marketing end. Companies insist on two to three years’ sustained equity incentives (a five-phase equity incentive has been introduced in history), increasing core interests and helping to reach higher peaks.
Double, 27x times. Taking into account the company's strong presence in the industrial and regulatory sector, alpha, and its leading position in electrical and electronic controls, we have established a securities investment advisory committee for Dong Wu Securities Inc. with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.