Corporate business is growing faster. The growth in corporate performance is largely driven by the growth of downstream demand, the effective landing of the guaranteed delivery strategy, and the continuing effects of the company’s national industry’s flagship brands, which are captured by general automation, new energy automobiles, industrial robotics, etc.
This is accompanied by rapid growth. The impact of corporate non-recurring gains and losses on corporate net profits in 2021 amounted to about $580 million (compared to $190 million in the same period in the previous year), mainly due to rapid growth in the fair value of overseas funds and the fair value equivalent of derivative financial instruments.
Corporate development benefits from manufacturing upgrading. Corporate business benefits from manufacturing upgrading, and since 2021 \triangleright has been improving its efficiency and management and is expected to expand its boundaries.
Quarterly figures show that General Automation has generated $6.7 billion, an increase of 77 per cent, compared with the previous year; Elevator Power, Large Gas Appliance, $3.9 billion, an increase of 24 per cent; Industrial Robots, $290 million, an increase of 134 per cent; Orbital Traffic Trailing System, $440 million, the same amount.
The new energy automobile business is expected to continue to grow. The new energy automobile business is another growth pole that companies have built in recent years, with the new energy auto power drive and power system operations generating $1.8 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 182% compared to the same year, in the belt of growth in the sales of vehicles such as core client ideals, pelicans, etc.
The business block is expected to continue to grow. Risk factors: output expansion is below expectations, demand for industrial controls is below expectations, and increased competition in the market brings about \triangleright
“In-depth report on technology in Sichuan (300124): the benefits of industrial control are not as high as the expected risks.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.