Salt lake shares (000792.sz) are on their way, and the construction of a new salt lake lithium project is expected to be fully operational.
More than 36%, with the national production of potassium fertilizer accounting for more than 73.2%. A historic opportunity to continue to rise, with the new 20,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate device fully operational, yielding lithium carbonate at +36.53% and selling at +56.45%.
The shift is to “stable progress” in technology-enabling Salt Lake industry, with full quality development in the accelerated construction of a world-class salt lake industry base. The expansion of lithium is an important initiative of the company to build a world-class salt lake industry base in Qinghai.
30 000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production in the Blue Lithium industry, where actual production will be enhanced through technological changes; and the company ' s new plan for 40,000 tonnes/year of basic lithium salt production in 2022, including the new 20,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium carbonate plus 20,000 tonnes of lithium chloride per year, which has now been approved for all projects
The project is now fully appraised of the semi-annual pre-advertisement of Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) for the construction of 30,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate production capacity, a controlled subsidiary of the company Salt Lake Biadi, which is expected to become operational by the end of 2024.
To date, the company has a total capacity of 100,000 tonnes per year for lithium production, which is expected to continue to grow rapidly and remain at the forefront of the salt lake lithium industry in the country.
The company is expected to fully enjoy Qinghai Salt Lake (000792.sz): the strategic dividend of the Great Salt Lake Development, which is driven by the performance of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate.
The performance of Salt Lake Holdings (000792.sz) 2201 performance forecast: the price of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate rose exponentially, and both core plates were in a high-growth cycle. Salt Lake Holdings - 000792-Intense Report: National Potassium Fathead, Salt Lake Lithium Fight
9.3/9.2/9.1x. Given the company ' s unique resource advantage in the Salt Lake of Totshar Khan, it is in absolute leadership in the areas of potassium, fertilizer and lithium salt lakes in the country, particularly in the area of lithium in salt lakes, where the company ' s future capacity is expected to expand rapidly and to maintain a very high cost advantage, which is expected to strengthen the domestic lithium resource
It is important to maintain the “buy-in” rating. *The net return profit achieved in 2022 was about $15.6 billion, an increase of about 2.5 times the same year. The company produced about 5.8 million tons of potassium chloride in 2022, sold about 49,411 million tons, and stockpiled about 15,680 million tons.
Market demand, with over-exploitation of 2.1 million tons of spring farming in advance, with more than 36 per cent in 2022 and 73.2 per cent in 2022 in the national city of potassium fertilizer; implementation of 23 potassium-plate-moderation technology projects, with a flat rate of 97.3 per cent, a reduced failure rate of 0.6 per cent, and maintenance of a stable and smooth operation of the production apparatus;
Real-time adjustment of sales strategies to rationalize sales prices, increasing the number of end-to-end customers to 39, direct customers and sales to about 70%, more scientific marketing strategies, and steady increase in the influence of salt lake brands. The company produced about 3.1 million tons of lithium carbonate in 2022, sold about 30.2 million tons and stockpiled about 4156 tons of it.
A historic opportunity to continue to rise, with the construction of a new 20,000-ton/year lithium carbonate device with full production, capacity release, and a 36.53 per cent yield of lithium carbonate and a 56.45 per cent sales ratio. The company has remained stable in the largest salt lake lithium production enterprise in the country.
In 2023, the company's work was based on a “stable and progressive” approach to the development of the technology-enabling salt lake industry, with a view to achieving full quality development in the accelerated construction of a world-class salt lake industrial base. In its annual report, the company identified 2023 as its main objective: to produce 5 million tons of potassium chloride and 36,000 tons of lithium carbonate; and to fulfil the priority tasks assigned to it by the provincial national fund.
Indicator: Maintenance of a synchronized increase in wage earnings of workers and economic efficiency of enterprises: ensuring the achievement of the goal of “30” of safe production; elimination of environmental pollution incidents, “three waste” emissions; “Grounding of lithium” is an important initiative of companies to build a world-class salt lake industry base in Qinghai
The company, a State-owned company controlled by the Qinghai State Finance Committee, is strategically positioned in the development of salt lake resources on the basis of its unique strategic capital of the Salt Lake of Qinghai, and has become a national potassium fertilizer and salt lake lithium company, which, after many years of exploration and innovation, has developed sophisticated salt lake lithium technology and has achieved scale and efficiency.
“Extension of lithium” is an important initiative of the company to implement the Qinghai Programme of Action for the Construction of a World Class Salt Lake Industry Base (2021-2035) with regard to the expansion of lithium industry, which meets the national “double carbon” target. The company has a capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, which can be produced in its controlled subsidiary, the Blue Lithium Industries.
Lithium mineral resources are still scarce, and companies have sought to further drain the salt lake resources and maximize their resource utilization and production capacity by means of a number of measures such as research and development innovations and technological upgrading. The Department has developed the "R & D priority project for the R & D during the "145" period of the Langco Lithium Industry, which deals with "super-high lithium."
The development of integrated lithium harvesting, energy system optimization, integrated use of water resources and by-products, compared to the saline lake halogen sorption-film separation-coupled lithium technology system, is expected to raise the rate of lithium-silent maternal fluid recovery by more than 20 per cent, reduce carbon emissions by 15 per cent, reduce water consumption by 100 m3 tons of products, and develop more than one new product.
The results of the project entitled “Development and industrialization of the ultra-magnesium-saltium-salt lake-salt water adsorbent-film-coupled lithium” were identified as leading international results. The company planned a new 40,000 tons/year base lithium salt production capacity in 2022.
Rapidly build a world-class salt lake industry base, implement the strategic deployment of the company's 14th Eco salt Lake Industry Development Plan “Extension of Lithium” to extend the lithium industry chain, and propose to invest in a new project for the integration of 40,000 tons of basic lithium salt per year. The project is proposed to create a new 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate plus 20,000 tons of lithium chloride per year, to be built in Charkhan.
Funds and bank loans. The company is fully committed to the 40,000-ton/year basic lithium salt integration project, and has now completed all project approvals, and it is expected that large-scale capital construction will be launched this year, with production expected by the end of 2024.
In October, Salt Lake shares co-invested with Biadi, Cheukland Investment Inc. in the formation of Biade Resources Ltd., Salt Lake shares 49.5%, Biade shares 49%, Cheukland Investments shares 1.5%, and the company plans to build a 30,000-ton battery-grade lithium project with a total projected investment of $4.85 billion.
As a result, the company’s capacity to produce lithium in Salt Lake is currently planned at 100,000 tons/year. The new product is 40,000 per year.
The Ton Production and Salt Lake Biadi company is expected to start the project this year with 30,000 tons of annual production capacity, and two projects are expected to be phased into production in 2024, based on 24 months of the construction week, so the company is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the area of salt lake lithium and to secure its position as the leader of the salt lake lithium industry in the country.
Of the 40,000 tons produced per year, 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate and 20,000 tons of chlorinated lithium per year, the company ' s layout on the chlorinated lithium product is conducive to a future extension to lithium hydroxide or lithium metal, which is also reduced to a certain extent to 9.3/9.2/91 x. Given the company ' s unique resource advantage in the Itocha Khan Salt Lake, potassium fertilizer is available in the country.
The areas of lithium and salt lakes are both in absolute leadership, especially the company's future capacity in lithium salt lakes is expected to expand rapidly and to maintain a very high cost advantage, which is important for strengthening the autonomous control of domestic lithium resources, and to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them