Profit growth is bright, assets are of excellent quality, Chengdu banks are growing more profitable and more revenue than market expectations in the first quarter, corporate credit growth is strong and increasing in size, and the end-of-debt advantage is still prominent. Corporate asset quality continues to improve, with negative + focus ratios.
In the first line of the industry, coverage was set to cover up-to-market companies, maintaining a higher rating. One quarter of profit growth was bright, with a year-on-year spread in 2020, and a quarter of Chengdu banks showed bright profit performance, with an increase of 18.1 per cent in net profit compared to the previous year.
Profit growth is bright, assets are of excellent quality 19.9% higher than in 2020, and the rate of increase has been higher in 18 years. Disbursing performance shows good interest income and fee revenue.
Net interest income increased by 19.9 per cent over the same period, and is estimated to have accelerated again on the basis of an established level of leverage (24.6 per cent over the same period in total assets). With the exception of the low base factor, the rapid increase in fees and fees income, based mainly on income from treasury operations (17 per cent over the same period) and investment operations (202.0 per cent over the same period)
By the end of the first quarter, Chengdu bank was a bank with a small net interest gap in listed banks, raising it by 3 bp to 2.19% on a year-on-year basis.
The capital bank credit boomed, with a 22.02% increase in the year 2020 and a 11.03% increase in the ring for the quarter, and the share of deposits in liabilities remained largely stable at 73.7%, demonstrating the capital bank’s strong leverage at the end of the debt.
The proportion of total deposits is 60% and 37%, respectively; the proportion of current deposits in total deposits is 47.2%, a slight decrease of 3.8 percentage points, but the absolute level of the current ratio is still at the top of the list banks. Looking ahead, Chengdu is economically active in the city and is a local bank with a national capital background.
There is long-standing close cooperation with both local enterprises and governments, while the continued growth and sinking of business sites planned for 2021 will sustain the sustainability of their debt-side advantages.
At the end of the first quarter, the quality of banks ' assets continued to improve, with a decline of 18bp to 1.19 per cent in the negative ratio, a steady improvement in the stock history since the end of the quarter, and a decrease in the stock history burden. At the end of the first quarter, the ratio of loans in the corporate focus group was only 0.69 per cent, with less pressure on potential asset quality, and poor + concern.
The 90-day/non-performing loan rate is 87.5 per cent. At the end of the season, Chengdu banks provided 39.5 per cent to 332.9 per cent of the above-line coverage ratio in a context marked by a reduction in asset quality pressure.
The ability to offset risks is further enhanced by the higher level of listed banks.
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in asset quality that was more than anticipated, and regulatory controls were more than expected. Qualified securities investment consulting business. Quarterly report 2021 was disclosed by Chengdu Bank. +18.10 per cent of net profit in the first quarter of 2021 compared to +18.10 per cent in 2020 (+8.53 per cent)
One quarter of profit growth is bright, with a year-on-year spread in 2020; one quarter of Chengdu Bank’s profit performance is bright, up at the top of the list, with net profits increasing by 18.1 per cent, a year-on-year increase of 19.9 per cent, and a further improvement over 2020, with the rate of revenue growth rising at an 18-year high.
At the end of the quarter, the net revenue from fees was 3.58 per cent and, at the end of the quarter, the net revenue from fees was 3.58 per cent.
In terms of interest differentials, Chengdu banks were among the banks listed in 2020, with a small increase in net interest spreads, from 3bp to 2.19 per cent. The negative split shows an increase of 6bp in asset end-to-end returns in 2020, with loans (+5bp, yoy) and bond investment returns (+29bp, yoy) increasing significantly; at the end of the debt, market liquidity was higher in 2020.
The decline in the cost of inter-operative liabilities has led to an overall decline in the cost of interest-paying liabilities by 1 bp on a year-on-year basis. Companies have not disclosed information on interest-rate differentials and rates of return in the first quarter, but given the more robust entity financing needs and the higher net interest income from the more active banks in the first quarter, we estimate that asset end-of-end rates of return have continued their modest upward trend.
Credit growth was strong, with significant end-of-debt advantage: Chengdu bank credit grew rapidly, from 22.0 per cent in the year to 11.03 per cent in the quarter of 2020, driving total assets to 42.4 per cent in the quarters of 2020 and 2020, while the end-of-debt bank deposits also grew well in the quarter of Chengdu, with a 10.3 per cent increase in the ring and deposits in the liabilities.
At the end of the year, Chengdu bank companies and individual deposits accounted for 60 per cent and 37 per cent of total deposits, respectively, while call deposits accounted for 47.2 per cent of total deposits, a slight decrease of 3.8 percentage points, but the absolute level of call times was still the highest among listed banks. Looking ahead, Chengdu was economically active in the city, as a local bank with a national capital background, and maintained close and long-standing cooperation with local enterprises and governments.
At the same time, the continued upswing and sinking of the planned business sites in 2021 is expected to support the sustainability of their debt-side advantages. The asset quality is excellent, the poor generation is low.
At the end of the quarter, corporate interest was only 0.69%, potential asset quality was less under pressure, and the negative + concern loan was at an absolute low level compared to the comparison of listed banks. We measured poor production rates of 0.12% in the first quarter of the capital bank, with a more stringent rating of 90 days late in 2020/bad loans at 87.5% in the end of the quarter.
In the context of a significant reduction in asset quality pressure, the provision for coverage ranged from 39.5 percentage points to 332.9 per cent above the asset quality ratio, which has reached a higher level in the listed banks, further increasing the risk offset capacity. In the first quarter of Chengdu, the profitability and revenue growth exceeded market expectations, corporate credit growth grew rapidly, and the end-of-debt advantage remained.
The company’s asset quality continues to improve, the historical weight of its historical stock is being removed, and the negative + concern category is being compared to the industry’s top line, providing coverage to the upper echelons of the company. The Chengdu Bank, a provincial comptoir rooted in the west, benefits from the rapid growth potential of the local economy and recommends positive attention. Given the company’s good performance growth performance, we raise the company’s pes projections.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, the regulations guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development policy of the enabling entity will continue in 2021, but that interest rate regulation will affect the bank’s profitability performance, either as expected by the supermarket of the concessionary policy.