28 June 2021: In the near future, the company announced its intention to adjust the use of the second round of repurchase shares to be “repurchased” as originally planned
Wei Hongmei's shares will be used in employee holding schemes or equity incentives to be changed to "Repurchase shares for write-off to reduce notes."
Stakeholder Scheme, draft plan published; Second Repurchase of about $6 billion. In the absence of a specific plan to use Second Repurchase of Shares for Stake Plans or Equity Incentives, the company intends to convert the Second Repurchase of Equity into a write-off to reduce registered capital; Third Repurchase is in progress.
The first employee holding plan has a large discount, and performance appraisals have stimulated a more liberal premise, triggering dissatisfaction among small and medium-sized roe (ttm) shareholders.
The planned performance appraisal programme at the December peak can be understood as the 2021 trigger condition for a return to performance largely to 2019 2020, influenced by the new crown epidemic and corporate channel reform factors, and therefore a low performance point.
While employee holding plans can be tied to corporate gains and benefits, their reasonableness and feasibility are prerequisites for the effectiveness of incentives. With the announcement of this employee holding plan, the price of the company’s shares is more negatively affected, and most of the small and medium-sized shareholders consider it to be detrimental to their interests.
They believe that the company ' s employee ownership plan helps to retain talent, but that the second round of stock buybacks is still to be used to write off the company ' s performance. The second round of stock buy-backs was changed to 5,914,469,040 shares.
The shareholders’ assembly considers and approves the repurchase of shares. A company’s repurchase of shares is one of the most common means of maintaining price stability in its second-tier market, in the interest of shareholders, society, and employees.
The returns on the investment of the division’s shareholders are positive; at the same time, they reflect the company’s interest in and maintenance of small and medium-sized investors’ rights, and help to boost the confidence of small and medium-sized shareholders in the company.
The first employee holding plan mentions that the total stock holdings of companies in the company’s full and effective employee holding plan do not exceed 10% of the company’s total equity, and that the total shareholdings of individual employees do not exceed 1% of the company’s total equity.
The third round of stock buy-backs will also be used for stock-holding schemes or equity incentives. It is not a matter of market concern that incentives for employees are justified, and the key is whether incentives can contribute to corporate performance growth and health Investment proposals: maintain recommended ratings.
As the results of the reform of the company channel begin to show, the new retail model is expected to contribute to the expansion of corporate sales, and the rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.