Performance meets expectations, and new retail reforms are showing positive results: G.E.V. (000651), 2020 and 2021 I, 30 April 2021
Events: Gretchen, 2020; company gross operating income of $17,497 million in 2020, compared with Wei Hongmei Grett, 2021 Quarterly, q1 gross operating income of $33,517 million in 2021.
In 2020, the company faced difficulties, challenges and a decline in performance due to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic. q4 achieved total operating income in 2020, quarterly.
q4 achieved a net return profit of $8.476 billion in 2020, a larger increase in the same year, resulting in a lower base of losses. q1 ' s gross revenue in 2021, though a larger increase in the same year, was roe (ttm)
In fact, under channel reform and management optimization, the company’s performance at the lowest price (in dollars) in December saw a recovery in 2021. In January-February 2021, the company’s retail sales on the line were on par.
Growth reached 83.5 per cent, with better retail end growth; and there has been a revival of end-end growth, in which the “new retail” system of two-lined sales of companies has become increasingly effective. According to the Ovie Clouds Network, the share of retail sales on the GLDS in 2020 reached 29.0 per cent, an increase of 6.7 percentage points, which ranks second only to the US;
Under the new retail model, there is a deep convergence of the 3rd-party power company platform, the Goldstone Ming Chu store, and more than 30,000 underline stores, providing a combination of sub-line body tests, line-up orders, uniform distributions and installation across the country. Channel changes have led to a combination of two-line integration services.
By 2020, the firm has further refined the regional distribution of product capacity across product categories, promoting the upgrading of sales of logistics uniforms, and synergizing the overall cost of logistics operations. As corporate channels become more efficient and channel costs lower, firms are expected to become more competitive in the market.
In the case of household air conditioning, a healthy air-conditioning product line development and technology layout have been completed in the context of the epidemic. At the heart of the improvement of comfort, the distribution of cabinets will be universal by 2020.
The new products, such as a beader, a new winder, a brand-new set of g-max exterior machines and a single-level booster product, are popular in the market. The heating system has successfully upgraded its products in 2020, and its achievements have led to major sales breakthroughs in the real estate block.
Long-term strategic cooperation agreements with more than 80 head real estate developers and extensive collaboration with more than 400 real estate companies across the country. At the same time, companies have been actively following industrial changes through the layout of smart equipment, sophisticated molds, renewable resources, semiconductors, new energy sources, and health-care plates with a variety of approaches.
A corporate strategy to foster new performance growth points and strengthen corporate integration. Investment proposals: maintain recommended ratings. The effectiveness of corporate channel reform is beginning to show that the new retail model has the potential to boost corporate sales and diversify the layout to enhance corporate integration.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.