A maximum buy-back, glycerine future development event review (000651) May 28, 2021
Incident: Recently, the company announced that it intended to use its own funds to buy back shares in the form of a centralized bid transaction and return the shares issued by the company for the type of shares purchased by Wei Hongme, for a total amount of not less than RMB 7.5 billion and not more than RMB 7.5 billion.
The company buys back money, and the employee’s shareholding plan will guarantee the company’s performance.
On May 27, 2021, the maximum repurchase limit for a share was updated. Based on the sum of up to RMB 15 billion for this buyback, it is expected that it will be used to further improve corporate governance by implementing corporate equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
Roe (ttm) builds a long-term incentive and restraint mechanism for managing team ownership. The previous 2020 report showed that, in order to stimulate motivation and creativity and retain core talent, the company will implement its workforce in 2021.
This year’s second round of buy-back shows the company’s confidence in its future operations. The company is suffering from a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, among other things.
While performance has not yet recovered to the same level in 2019, the company ' s performance has risen in a resilient manner. According to industry online, the volume of sales in GLAC q1 increased by 69.4 per cent in 2021 and the volume of external sales increased by 6.4 per cent, reflecting phased progress in the reform and optimization of corporate channels and management.
The future development of the company is still within reach, with a strategic shift in coverage from a single product to an industry-wide chain.1 The company now covers both consumer and industrial multi-product products, with air-conditioning masters expanding from domestic to commercial air-conditioning and special condition air-conditioning.2 The company will focus on following up.
The areas of refrigeration, military defence, and health care continue to grow. 3 companies have upgraded technology to bring about new and new markets. 4 With regard to overseas markets, companies will continue to actively and securely promote the globalization of business layouts and the globalization of the Gebrand brand to optimize management patterns abroad.
The Division leads the new trend of health upgrading by introducing a range of home-based electricity products that function as one, such as air-purification and poison-killing, in overseas markets, to promote the international visibility of corporate brands with a high-end branding of product excellence.
Investment recommendations: maintain recommended ratings. The effectiveness of corporate channel reforms is beginning to show that the new retail model has the potential to boost corporate sales and increase the overall strength of the whole industry chain. The company's “market index” reference point for this rating system is expected to be 300 indexes deep.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.