Greco Electrics (000651) Quick Report Quick Report Quick Report Quick Report Quick Report Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quarter 2020 Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quarter 2021 , according to the company's company, on the evening of April 14th,
According to the report, in 2020 the company achieved a total operating income of $17,497 million, compared to $14.97 per cent, and a total net return profit of $22,175 million, corresponding to 10.2 per cent; operating income of $32,365 million is expected to be achieved in the first quarter of 2021, with a negative shift in the growth rate of 04 and a steady recovery in demand in the first quarter of 2021.
For the first time since growth, negative shifts have taken place. The negative impact of the industry price war and the new crown epidemic has gradually subsided, and the demand side of the air-conditioning industry and companies has been steadily repaired, along with the gradual rationalization of the pipeline stock problem, which has helped to keep the revenue up in tandem with the end demand.
The end of the price war and the optimization of the product structure and the significant improvement in profitability of the company 20194 to 2020°1 were affected by the industry price war, following up on more positive price policies such as the “10 billion subsidy” and the gradual recovery of average prices in the industry. At the same time, the new energy efficiency standards were driven by industry and corporate product structures.
A single-quarter net return profit of $8.48 billion, with a net interest rate of 19.0%, has been historically high. Channel levels and inventories have been streamlined, and performance releases are expected to be released.
At the same time, a gradual process of decentralisation of the local agency hierarchy is expected to lead to a subsequent increase in liquidity efficiency, and to efficiency gains: at the end of the product, the stock of the company ' s old national labels has been phased out and the optimization of the product structure is expected to lead to the ongoing restoration of the public sector ' s profitability.
Relatively low, channel levels and inventories are gradually harmonized, demand and profitability are steadily recovering, and “recommended” ratings are maintained.
Prices of raw materials have increased and patterns of competition have increased. 2. Gravity appliances (000651) were reported in the first quarter of 2019: performance has continued to grow steadily and profitability has increased over the past quarter.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Agency