China’s Central Vehicle (601766) Mechanical Equipment has been at the forefront of the track, with steady growth in performance at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The growth of the company's railway operations, the growth of the new industry, the growth of the company's revenue, the growth of the railway equipment, 98,190 million dollars per year, +18.1 per cent per year, was mainly due to a significant increase in revenue from the mobile and bus operations, of which +4.6 per cent was attributable to the faster growth of the new industry, mainly in the revenues from the storage of energy equipment and high end spare parts.
Business structures continue to be optimized, and the company ' s Māori ratio has risen. The 23-year overall Māori rate for companies is 22.27 per cent, compared to the same period. The Māori ratio has been largely higher in railway equipment operations (which benefit from the fleeting business) and in new industries, with the Māori ratio rising by 41.9 per cent, the Māori ratio rising by 0.77 to 22.3 per cent, new
• Upward investment in railways, boosted by replacement policy for the benefit of equipment, + step 5 renovations of the fleet, and strong corporate growth. The central push for a new round of large-scale equipment upgrades led by the railways to say that by 27 years, they would have been largely phased out, with our domestic stock of 7800 engines by the end of 23 years, and are now more than 30 years old (over 30 years)
50%, the company is a domestic locomotive, which is expected to benefit as a matter of priority. The number of drivers in the country has risen to 8.5% and 17% per year, and 57% in 24 years, the National Iron Unit's first bid for a fifth degree; 23m12-24m3 has been awarded a new 14.78 billion motor units.
A high-level contract with advanced entry into the release period is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in performance. 1 Chinese-Chinese vehicle: deep-dry field of equipment, global line of equipment with a ball, 1.1 line of equipment with a multiplicity of operations.
In the field of deep-farming orbital transport equipment, the world’s leaders have been successful in rolling stockings. China’s Chinese vehicle, which was established in 1949 with the consent of the State Council and the approval of the National Finance Committee, was consolidated in 2015 by the Chinese North and China South and placed on the market at the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Joint Exchanges; over 70 years, the company has witnessed the country’s track since the establishment of the new China.
The rapid development of the transport and engineering machinery industry has itself become a leader in the domestic and global rail trade; it is now a leading, well-aggregated, technologically high-quality orbital equipment provider worldwide. Companies operate on a wide range of issues, including railways, vehicles, motors, urban orbital vehicles, engineering machinery, various types of electrical equipment, electronics and spare parts, etc.
The products include the Chinese standard smart motor vehicle fleet, high-speed magnetic float systems, urban orbital vehicles and various types of electromechanical installations.
In addition to the development, design, manufacture, repair and sale of conventional railway rolling stock, passenger, cargo, mobile units, the company has also been active in expanding the extension of electric vehicles, wind-powering equipment, etc.
The market for products such as auto parts, ship-wrecks and diesel engines, large-power semiconductor components, etc., has evolved into a diversified business structure centred on orbital transport (rail equipment operations + urban track and urban infrastructure operations) and based on new and emerging strategic industries (wind equipment, machinery, electricity, new materials, etc. + modern service operations).
Figure 2: China’s Chinese vehicle is the lead in orbital transport equipment, and the business map is diversified. Table 1: The company’s main operations include railway equipment, urban rail and urban infrastructure, new industries, modern services, five major categories of international operations. The company’s business structure continues to be optimized and core business development stabilized.
In 2023, railway equipment, urban rail and urban infrastructure, new industries and modern services accounted for 41.9 per cent, 21.5 per cent, 34.4 per cent, and the decline was mainly due to the increasing maturity of national railway construction and the impact of recent epidemics.
The revenue was $98.19 billion, compared to +18.1 per cent, and increased income from the main drivers and locomotives, of which the annual rate for railway equipment operations was generally stable at around 25 per cent. Figure 4: In 2023, the rate for railway equipment, urban track and new industry operations rose.
1.2 A steady increase in performance and a sustained increase in profitability Since 2022q4 the demand of the turn-over industry contributed to the recovery of the company ' s operations. As a result of a high corporate revenue base, the business grew faster in 2015; the net return profit was $11.71 billion, compared with +0.5 per cent, and the net profit increase was lower than the cost of sales and the disposal of assets.
The combined Māori rate and net interest rates have remained relatively stable, and corporate profitability has remained stable. Since 2018, the company ' s Māori portfolio has been dominated by a higher share of new industries and railway equipment operations (which have benefited from fleet operations) to increase Māori rates, with new industries accounting for 34.4 per cent, Māori + 1.51 pp, railway equipment 41.9 per cent and Māori + 0.77 pp.
Since 2018, the cost rate has stabilized at 15%, the company’s equity structure has been clear and stable, and its operations are large, with multiple subsidiaries. The National Finance Committee is the real controller of the company, holding 50.83% of the company’s shares through China’s China Car Group Ltd., with a relatively centralized equity structure.
There are many wholly-owned subsidiaries, including the Changzhou Institute, the Chau Chai Motors, the Chinese Qi, the Dalian Motors, the Central Chau Town, etc., and hold companies such as the Changchun Bus, the Time Electric, and the Times. Of these, the income of the quadripartite and the Longbus is mainly from the new construction, overhaul, and other aspects of the business of the Automobile and the urban track vehicles; the main revenue from the stock is from the urban track vehicles, the electric motor vehicles, the moving cars, etc.
The new business of the group: the revenue of the Institute comes mainly from the supply of core parts of orbital transport vehicles, new materials, new energy industries, electronics, etc., which is relatively extensive and diversified and not limited to the orbital transport sector, according to the Development Plan for the Modern Integrated Transport System of the “145” and the Outline for the Planning of the National Integrated Stereo-Technology Network.
With 159,000 km of railways and 45,000 km of high irons operating annually, the total rail mileage and high iron mileage in 2030 and 2035 will still be close to 4 per cent (26 per cent) and 11/56 per cent of the total growth space, the future construction of the national railway will be steadily advanced and the related rail transfer requirements will continue to rise.
Assumption 1: Railway equipment operations, the company ' s business block consists mainly of the sale of rolling stock, locomotives, locomotives, buses, etc., and related vehicle security operations. The overall rolling mileage of railway lines in the country will continue to grow in 2030.
Based on the assumption that: the urban track and urban infrastructure operations consist mainly of urban orbital vehicles, urban transport planning designs, city transit master engineering packages, of which the urban orbital vehicle sales and vehicle rack repair operations account for more than 80 per cent of the vehicle sales;
According to the National Urban Orbital Transport Association, in 2023, the additional urban track transport line of 884.5 km was added, urban track traffic is expected to remain stable for two years after “145, and the projected increase in vehicle sales camps in 2024-2026 is expected to be -2 per cent, 3 per cent and -2 per cent (the volume of deliveries is essentially stable, the price of the bicycles has fallen slightly and the overall level of revenue has declined slightly); and operations such as maintenance of urban track vehicles have increased at a rate of -2 per cent, 3 per cent and -2 per cent, respectively.
Assumption 3: the new industrial business plate covers a wide range of industries, such as wind power, new energy vehicles, environmental protection, and seawork equipment. The Division has continued to expand with the leading global technology in the field of railing, with all industrial plates gaining momentum. It is expected that China’s Chinese vehicle will be at the forefront of global orbital transport equipment, and that core operations will gradually expand from railing vehicle manufacturing and inspection maintenance operations.
In the areas of wind power, new materials, new energy commercial vehicles, and so on, business layouts have been constructed for “three or more nuclear points”; we have chosen to choose one and one) where fixed-assets investments in railways are less risky than expected. Rail equipment is relatively high in the company’s operations, and if fixed-assets investments in railways are less than expected, this will affect the growth of high-iron miles and the bidding of railway equipment, such as related locomotives.
The current complex international political economy, the rise in international trade protectionism, and the impact on the acquisition of corporate orders abroad. If the company’s overseas operations are not expanded as expected, it will affect the company’s level of profitability.
3) The new industry now accounts for more than 35% of the business, and the business is well-placed, covering a wide range of industries such as wind power, new materials, new energy commercial vehicles, semiconductors, industrial transformers, electromechanicals, etc., if the downstream industry has a lower profile or will affect the firm’s business performance, which in turn will affect the firm’s performance.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.