The regional flagship comptoir’s excellent response – Deepening the most dynamic areas of China’s economy, with regional advantages and resources available. Jiangsu Province’s economic development is dynamic, market is large, private economy is active, and financing needs are high
The Bank of Jiangsu is the only provincial corporate bank in the country that serves the economy of local entities with dynamism, competence, and experience. The resource endowments of local enterprises with abundant resources and long-term deep-ploughing are fundamental to the expansion of public business: strategic management, intellectual transformational business development.
• Back to credit, style and style, breakthroughs-price-risk “can't make a trip” to make a profit.
The firm’s prices are higher than the depth of 300, and the customer is more sticky. The interest differentials in the interest-reduction cycle do not fall back, the policy is better, the interest rate is less risky. The profits are sound and sustainable, with net profits of 2022q3 increasing by 31.31%, 7 consecutively.
Quarterly leads in the city’s comptoirs. The difference between the cost of indebtedness and the industry is narrowing year by year, and the net difference is likely to be stable. Qualitative: the historical burden is cleared, the high scale is heavily controlled and new, 2022q3 is not and the risk preferences are not reduced.
• Small micro-business is the foundation of a solid “stable” foundation. Small-scale micro-businesses are “high walls, large grains, small kings,” and the moats come from several intellectual qualities + native lands.
A smart combination of business advantages, the former from the application of mature financial technologies and the ability to adapt to new and changing product innovations, and the latter from the cadre of experienced small and micro-client managers.
It is difficult to replicate the efficiency and synergy mechanisms that have emerged in the overall branch. Inclusive micro-credit is the main contributor to the growth of micro-credit, with 2022h1 increasing 24.4 per cent year-on-year, with the provincial market share maintaining a competitive retail transformation and adding a “promotion” to it.
Using consumer finance as a tool, the digital transformation adds to the dynamic: the focus is on increasing retail lending, with zero. The volume of loans sold has continued to rise, rising from 25.1% of all loans in 2017 to a steady head of the city’s comptoirs. The online app experience is constantly improving, with the number of customers and the number of customers aum increasing.
With 26.1% growth in the same size, retailing provides an advantage for financial management, and high returns are boosted by gains, future gains, and increased returns on investment. Jiangsu Bank is projected to increase its net return profit in 2022-2024, respectively.
There are significant strengths, profit increases are ahead of the industry, credit structures continue to concentrate on high-yielding, high-quality assets, historical burdens are gradually cleared, performance is expected to remain high, corporate targets are estimated at 0.9 times pb, and “buy-in” ratings are given for the first time.
Market risk: The macro- and regional economy’s large downfall has led to a deterioration in asset quality and a significant increase in bad performance. Business risk: less than expected economic growth, and lower demand for financing has slowed credit growth.
One of China's most dynamic regions, with a regional advantage, is endowed with resources, 1.1 Jiangsu's economy leads the country, and the rich and rich are economically active.
In the first half of the year, there were 137.2 million households in Jiangsu, the country’s second largest number. The number of industrial enterprises was 57154 (the fourth largest in the country). In 2021, three seats were held in Jiangsu province, the top ten cities, where residents were in the highest position.
Figure 3202H1 Jiangsu Industrial Enterprises is the second largest in the country.
The number of firms in the tertiary sector has risen rapidly in recent years. The real economy is solid, the commercial boom, the value added of the manufacturing sector is 35.8% of total regional production, and investment in the manufacturing sector has grown by 16.1% in fixed-asset investment.
There are 39.8% and 47.5% of the industry. The number of companies listed in the North Bank and the Science and Technology Board is the highest in the country.
During the second quarter of 2022, when the Shanghai epidemic affected the country, fiscal policies were put in place to stabilize the provision of financial support, and financial institutions introduced a policy of renewal and extension of loans to enterprises affected by the epidemic, to counter the decline in the demand for financing, which was driven by the decline in economic growth.
In the first half of 2022, RMB lending increased by $172.3 billion, ranking first in the country. The quick response and efficient implementation of the policy ensured that the private sector in Jiangsu still had a strong resilience and resilience to the risks and rebounds, even as the economy went down.
Warm brings economic growth back, and policies such as steady growth will be conducive to the confidence of the economic agents of Jiangsu to operate, to the convergence of 2022h1 societies and RMB loans in the provinces and municipalities of Figure 7 The advantages of the local corporate services of 1.2 deep-cultivating Jiangsu and radiation throughout the country
Jiangsu Bank, the only provincial corporate bank in Jiangsu province, is dynamic, capable, and experienced in serving the economy of local entities. In 2007, Jiangsu Bank was formed by a combination of 10 municipal commercial banks, such as Tinless, Suzhou, and Nantong, to create a new model for the reform of local corporate banks.
There are 17 branches (one in each of the 13 local municipalities in Jiangsu province, one in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Beijing, Hangzhou) and four subsidiaries (Seong Finance Leasing Company, Su Silver Finance Company, Su Silver Keki Consumer Finance Corporation, Jiangsu Yangsu Village Bank).
One of the 24 banks under the authority of one of the most important banks. By 2022q3, the size of the assets in the upper city comptoirs.
The second is the growing importance of digital empowerment: “smart” is mentioned at the top of corporate development strategies from 2013 to 2015, within industry.
The first was a pure credit product, a “taxe-e blending.” The application of big data and artificial intelligence in various areas, such as products and wind control, was continuously strengthened, and the implementation of the “smart financial evolution project” was launched since 2020, with project management of science, technology and innovation in order to increase the speed of business response. In 2022, a “digital transformation” was proposed, namely, “digitization” and “intellectual intelligence”
The combination of IT personnel on one hand and the head office on the other, improving product up-to-date efficiency, financial science and technology, chart 8 and the development of Jiangsu Bank.
Xia Ping has 40 years of experience in banking in Jiangsu province, 11 years of experience at the grass-roots level, starting from the branch of a major bank to the head of a municipal comptoir. Since 2014, he has been Chairman of Jiangsu Bank and is familiar with the management of banks and has a strong capacity to communicate.
He was the chief information officer of Jiangsu Bank, leading Jiangsu Bank to make a breakthrough in its intellectual transformation. The senior management has over 10 years of experience with state-owned and listed banks in Jiangsu province, with 44.75% of management experience, resources and positions, including nine state-owned enterprises in Jiangsu province, with a strong mix.
In comparison to the relatively fragmented equity structure, there are four shareholders with more than 5% and no more than 10% of single shareholders.
There are 458 branches in the province and 69 branches in the provinces. At the institutional level, the size of the assets is low: about 4:1 in the province.
There are no secondary branches, the information link is only “total, split, and supported”, the total number of staff/branch staff is at a lower level in the same profession, and human resources are invested mainly in the operating agency, the group.
Weaving structures are flattered compared to their counterparts. 2 Back to credit source, styles “stable and progressive”, breakthroughs - price - risk “impossible triangles” to return profitability.
2.1 Repository structures continue to be optimized to capture high-yielding, high-quality asset deposits are key Reconciling the credit structure across cycles to achieve high asset-end returns at high-market interest-rate delivery points, benefiting from network layout and a good customer base across the province and the three major economic circles, and the scale of Bank Jiangsu assets has increased
For the third year in a row, the speed is more than 12%. 2022q2 is the more severe 11% impact of the Shanghai epidemic on the industrial chain in the Jiangsu region.
In terms of end-of-asset structure, the ratio of interest-bearing assets of Bank 2022q3 is 96.3 per cent, interest-bearing assets are disbursed 54.5 per cent, bond investments 36.2 per cent, and loan as a share of interest-bearing assets are higher in the city ' s comptoirs and have been rising year by year since 2019, as a result of close collaboration between Bank Jiangsu and the local community, sufficient credit resources and scale-up
Second, because of the company's strategic focus on client depth, its focus on capital expansion, and its focus on household growth and cooperative resilience, in 2021, the company's dedicated “Tooker Foundation” project was a multi-dimensional examination of the size of loans on deposit, the number of clients, the combined contribution of customers, etc., and the volume of retail sales increased by 18.36 per cent in that year, and the number of private investors and investors.
The size of household assets and the number of customers are growing by more than 26%.
The rapid expansion of the size of individual loans is a major contributor to the growth in credit size. Companies in the lending structure have contributed more than ever, and the slowdown in individual lending has been due mainly to the decline in real-estate sales, which has delayed mortgage lending.
There is room for future improvements in the end-of-the-debt structure, where the size of the deposits is growing year by year, with small seasonal fluctuations.
The size of the deposits was 1.67 trillion yuan, an increase of 12.7 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, and the share of deposits in total liabilities was 61 per cent, which is lower than that of urban business associations. In terms of the structure of deposits, Jiangsu Bank accounts for a high percentage of public deposits (57.9 per cent), a slower rate of increase (3.1 per cent in the year), a lower percentage of private deposits (31.4 per cent) and a faster rate of increase (21.5 per cent in the year).
The combined share of 2022h1 call deposits was 31.2 per cent, contributing to the growth of public/public/personal fixed/long-term deposits, mainly due to higher downside interest rates, poor capital markets, and the tendency of residents to allocate bank term deposits with shorter security periods.
The promotion application of the integrated service tool “Silver and Gold Manager” has sunk more settlement funds, foreclosure periods, and has placed greater emphasis on public business, focusing resources on priority areas such as advanced manufacturing, infrastructure, green and green industries, reducing the ratio of higher-risk assets to higher-risk assets, such as real estate, and increasing security margins.
(i) Jiangsu has strong industrial policy support, with a wide market for advanced manufacturing, green and other industries, including silver and silver. In 2018, Jiangsu took the lead throughout the country in the development of guidelines to accelerate the development of advanced manufacturing clusters, and in 2020, the Fork has continued to deepen its three-year plan of action for Jiangsu's “Industry Chain”
The Jiangsu Development Plan provides that by 2025, the share of renewable energy in total energy consumption in Jiangsu will be more than 15% in the province. The 2022 report of the Jiangsu Government states: “Initiating financial institutions to step up their efforts in manufacturing, micro-enterprises, technological innovation, green development”
Support, etc..” With policies such as business entry, fiscal interest and so on, business support in priority areas is stronger and asset quality is more secure. (2) The product model is diversified, with emphasis on support for advanced manufacturing development.
Loans, loans such as "Citizens", "Advanced Manufacturing Loans" and "Quilt Loans" are unique credit products that guarantee innovative forms of intellectual property pledge, park risk pool sharing, free of collateral or collateral, and break traditional credit requirements by increasing credit lending to advanced manufacturing leading firms. Manufacturing is the largest increase in lending (balance) in the first half of 2022.
At the institutional level, green finance has been tilted toward woven structures and management models. Jiangsu Bank has taken the lead in adopting the Equator Principles in the country, bringing green finance development to strategic development status in 2021 and moving the Green Finance Department to the head office level.
At the operational level, green credit accounts for the highest share of total lending in commercial banks. As at the end of the year, 57 per cent more than in the previous year, green credit grew significantly faster than loans. Green credit accounts for all loans.
At the product level, a large number of people are moving to green environmental areas such as energy-efficient, clean energy, and carbon-emitting technologies.
Upgraded lending is expected to increase the number of unique products, such as the County-wide Distributed Light Loans. The future is expected to benefit from a higher share of green credit, leading to lower efficiency gains in overall credit operations. 2.2 Performance growth is robust, with revenue and net gains at the top of the upper market comptoirs.
Business income continued to grow robustly, at a rate of no less than 11% per season for more than three years in a row. Corporate business style was robust, with the share of high-yield credit assets rising year by year since 2019, when the asset-end structure was strongly regulated, and business income grew at an annual compound rate of 19.1% from 2019 to 2021.
At 11%, the same level was achieved by the banks of Ningbo and Hangzhou, which showed greater economic viability than their counterparts. In the first three quarters of 2022, Jiangsu achieved business income of $53.76 billion, which was 11%, 14.2%, and 14.9%, respectively, by season.
The banks in Hangzhou and Suzhou have reached the same level as their counterparts, showing a stronger capacity for cross-cyclical adjustment. In the operating income structure, net interest income is $38.35 billion, representing 71.3% of operating income, compared to 12.8% and a slight decline in the q3 quarter growth rate; the net revenue is $5.042 billion, compared to the same increase.
Since 2021, Jiangsu Bank ' s net profit return has improved significantly, with the highest profitability in the city ' s comptoirs, ranked from 11 to 3. The significant increase in net profit in 2021 was due mainly to the clearance of historical baggage, stronger credit lending and a double increase in the price of higher loan prices; the second was the contribution from China, mainly to the sale of bonds.
Quarterly net return profits continue to increase by the same amount due to a combination of external factors, such as weak credit demand, declining real estate sales, and continuing downswing of market interest rates.
Relying on the short information transmission advantage of the local corporate decision-making chain, adding the efficiency of synergies and coherence of action in the overall branch can quickly translate market information into action into a positive feedback mechanism, and the future net profit growth base remains strong. Net profit growth is driven mainly by higher net profit differentials and expansions.
By contrast, net interest differentials and expansions are positive contributions, and the contributions received in mid-2021 are beginning to be reflected; other operating expenses and income taxes are the main drags. Jiangsu Bank’s net interest earnings have been growing at the highest rate in the city’s comptoirs, and at the same time with high scale increases in net interest earnings have been higher than the size of interest-bearing assets, mainly because of a good + integrated service model.
Clients with high service capacity have a high overall return. Clients are provided with a full life cycle, full product, full access to services, such as clearing their clients’ financing needs, direct client financing needs, personal business capital needs of private clients, digging, etc., leading to an increase in the number of corporate products held by a single customer, an increase in customer's experience with integrated services, customers' and silver.
Interest rates have been reduced by two times, and interest rates have been reduced by 10 bps, 20 bps, for one year and five years, respectively, but the net interest differentials of the company during the period have generally been higher than the return on loans on bond investments, with higher credit ratios contributing to higher net asset yields of banks.
At the same time, the higher ratio of loans in interest-reduction cycles means that the pressure on prices is heavier, and the smaller interest-rate gap increases accordingly. The Jiangsu bank deposit ratio is 89.7%, higher than the urban comptoir average, but the interest-rate differential during interest-reduction is not affected by lower interest rates on the loan market, and the interest-rate sensitivity gap is less than comparable.
Under objectives and regulations, depending on the trends in interest rates, active adjustment of the delivery strategy to achieve the maximum return under binding conditions.
Figure 27 Jiangsu Bank ' s net spread (%) rises year by year and jumps to the top. Interest-bearing asset return of 2017-2022h1 rises to 78bps, which is the main reason for the increase in net interest-bearing asset yields.
The other side is that the pricing strategy is implicit in the design of the product. Because Jiangsu Bank's main business is more dynamic, the fists are all self-researched, and the “loans” (including personal consumption loans, personal operations loans, micro-credits, micro-prime mortgages) are all self-researched.
Model pricing, and repayments can be made in a way that selects products that are “loaned” (i.e. interest rates are system-approved, interest is daily) and that are less affected by changes in market rates. Future thinking on how to return firm asset ends to credit sources, where lending is more supportive in areas such as micro, retail, etc., will drive asset-end lending ratios and interest generation.
The difference between the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, which is high in the city’s comptoirs, and their counterparts is gradually narrowing. The high cost of debt-bearing debt is due mainly to the fact that deposits account for a smaller proportion of interest-bearing liabilities and the ratio of current deposits in the structure of deposits.
The dynamic improvement in the rate of interest-bearing debt in 2019-2020 is mainly due to the cooperative rate and the issuance of debt, which is a proactive adjustment of the debt maturity structure of the company, which reduces the share of structural deposits and raises the proportion of current deposits; on the one hand, it is based on an accurate grasp of the performance of interest rates in the peer market, which captures large amounts of low-cost medium- and long-term costs at low interest rates.
Business-related liabilities lead to lower combined costs of interest-bearing liabilities. In terms of the company’s effectiveness in reducing the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, there is still room for companies to further reduce the cost of interest-bearing costs in the future.
In 2021, Roae splits interest income, net revenue, operating and management costs were positive contributions, interest expenses, credit impairment losses, income tax, equity multipliers were drags, reflecting the soundness of the Bank’s operations and its ability to negotiate loans.
The regional layout is relatively strong, with a relatively competitive economy, a slightly weak reserve, and a combination of high profitability + high scale + low risk. While companies focus mainly on high-yield retail, small-sized populations, they do not rely on man-to-man tactics, low-price tactics, or simply increasing the profit from risk exposure to compensate for losses.
The company’s record of historical failures and impairment losses was significantly addressed each year, and credit impairment losses and income tax payments were more pronounced, but the historical burden has now been phased out, and there is room for improvement in future roa and roe. From the company’s performance in the first three quarters of 2022, there is already a gap between the level of roae at Jiangsu Bank.
International improvements, with interest income, other business income improvements leading to an overall upward trend in receipts, credit impairments, loss of contribution, while four ahead in 2021, are still at a high level compared to industry.
Because: (1) continuous improvement in the loan structure, testing targets, costs, internal ftp pricing preferences, etc., continue to tilt towards high-quality constituencies in all sectors of the real economy, such as manufacturing, green environment, inclusive micros and others, leading to optimized lending structures, increased profitability and improved asset quality; and (2) intellectual transformations that drive lower efficiency gains and current gains.
With a 21% revenue ratio, companies’ applications in financial science and technology are beginning to yield results, and there are already a number of products, processes, that can be fully upscaled, and that will further reduce costs in the future. The mechanism for efficient synergies between continuously optimizing products and services, aggregates, is the guarantee of a solid and sustainable market position for Jiangsu Bank.
The rate of growth and interest-bearing asset structure of Jiangsu Bank, the rate of interest-bearing net revenue growth, the rate of increase in ppop and the scale of corporate credit expansion, the spread of net interest differentials are more correlated, and the period of decline in the rate of growth of ppp is more marked than ever.
The decline in net interest earnings over the same period also reflects the development of Jiangsu’s return to the credit base and its focus on service entities. With steady growth policies fuelling marginal rehabilitation of the financing needs of enterprises/residents at both ends, Jiangsu’s growth rate is expected to pick up steadily.
Figure 32 Jiangsu Bank costs more than there's room for downsides. Chart 33 Jiangsu Bank pops and speed increases. 3 decoded Jiangsu Bank micro: 10 years to grind the sword.
3.1 Focusing more on inclusive crowds, micro-business has been leading for many years, serving micro-enterprises as a natural location for local comptoirs and a strategic choice for Jiangsu Bank.
The Bank of Jiangsu was consolidated by more than a dozen local comptoirs in the province, and its employees are predominantly local and have a network in all districts and priority townships, with a natural customer base and human resource base for small-scale operations.
Since its inception, small business clients have been identified as priority clients, and “small businesses in services” have been established as the first line of line of business. Over the past decade, experience, innovative products, mechanisms, and culture have continued to be accumulated in the service of small and medium-sized enterprises, with strong market positions and competitive advantages.
The Board expanded the "two plus two" to read "the number of incremental, expanded, enhanced, newly expanded and effective SMS clients nearly doubled, reduced by the same period in the previous year" and increased the ratio of first-lenders and credits, renewal of loans.
Shortlined from the Takutaki transition goal, the small balance of inclusive microfinance increased by 14.2 per cent, and 66,000 small and inclusive microfinance clients, of a calibre compared to the end of the year.
Micro-credit for all has continued to grow at a steady rate of more than 15%, and the percentage of small loans for all has been rising year after year. The Bank of Jiangsu has expanded the size and share of small-scale loans (within $10 million per household) for all-owned loans, with a market share of more than 10% in the province of micro-credit, ranking first for many years in a row. In 2021, the Bank of Jiangsu was small.
Micro-credit amounts to 498 billion yuan, yoy + 14.25 per cent of which is more than 112.1 billion yuan (household small loans have a balance of 570.5 billion yuan, an increase of 19 per cent from the end of the previous year, of which small loans have a balance of $14.3 billion, an increase of 25 per cent from the end of the previous year). Small-scale micro-credit accounts for 36 per cent of total loans (about 2/3 per cent of public loans).
Small and medium loans account for 8.9% of all bank loans, and in terms of their speed of growth, the average size of small and small loans, and the credit drops down even further. With a good re-lending policy tool, small and medium loans are raised to lower reserve rates and negative savings for the whole bank.
Debt-related costs. Small re-loan payments are among the top of the country’s small and medium-sized banks and meet the second-class criteria of the People’s Bank for inclusive reduction. (According to the People’s Bank of China’s circular on the application of targeted reductions to inclusive finance, the increase in lending in the area of inclusive finance last year was 10% of all new renminbi loans, or in the area of inclusive finance at the end of the year.
Commercial banks with a loan balance of 10 per cent of the total RMB loan balance, with a mpa rating above b for the last three quarters of the year, whose deposit reserve rate was revised by 1.5 per cent below the statutory reserve rate base.
More professional, more cautious than an Internet bank, more robust and more competitively competitive than an urban agricultural comptoir. In terms of purely online micro-credit products and average single-house amounts, the public sector operates small, growing enterprises with a single household value of less than $5 million and more than $1 million.
Qualified lenders, STI firms, and big banks’ focus on bulk credit and small banks, and Internet banks’ focus on subsidising customers to cover the costs of risk. Different competition with big banks, no price fighting, is why companies can maintain bargaining power: prudential operations and moderate downfalls are due to the opposite.
Risk considerations. In the business community, Jiangsu Bank’s micro-prisoners are better positioned, more robust, with 3.2 intellectual transformations and local advantages. The focus of micro-businesses is to manage risks while increasing scale.
The model exits from the German “ipc model” and the “credit factory” model of the PAM. The pipc model emphasizes the “strength power” by creating a pool of lenders with small micro-credit capabilities through systematic management and training that can cross-check the true situation of the client based on the characteristics of the target client group, including through on-site surveys and interviews and questions.
The lending plant model focuses on “standardizing” the pre-lending marketing, product design, loan approval, post-lending management, etc. in micro-credit processes into separate modules, each with a separate business team, and a “waterline” operation, with risk taking spread across the various modules of the business process.
Small business clients are “long tails” that are hard to cover for traditional credit products and services, and their financing needs are “small, demand-intensive, short-cycle, fast.” Different financial needs cannot be met by standardized products alone, while excessive reliance on the personal capacity of lenders requires increasing human capacity.
It is difficult to achieve scale effects. So the Great Data Wind model was created, with banks relying on large data technology to manage and control credit operations, using large amounts of data from large users and sediments. The data that can be used include, inter alia, tripartite data, in-line data, central bank mail data and government data.
The micro-business model of Jiangsu Bank is a clever combination of intellectual transformation + home-grown business advantages, derived from the application of sophisticated financial technology and product innovation, and from a team of experienced small and micro-client managers, who break data, product, process boundaries on-line and in-depth integration creates differentiated competitive advantages.
(i) Internet banks cannot do that. Banks usually don't issue loans of more than $1 million in pure trust, and they have to provide additional guarantees, such as mortgages, pledges, guarantees, etc.
Small micro-prime groups of more than $1 million are a constraint to a purely online model and a moat of banks with a professional team and channel advantage. (2) Traditional commercial banks do not do well. The demand for loan clients between $1 million and 3 million is very strong, it is the river.
Under the traditional commercial banking model, micro-enterprises depend almost entirely on the manual work of their clients and back-office approving officers, which is inefficient overall and severely constrains the speed with which their banking operations are handled. Jiangsu Bank uses a number of intellectual transformational and enabling efficiencies.
Under the exhibition model, data collection, branch approval, head office management processes are coupled with online data, models, rules, strong data hubs and anti-fraud, wind control models, client interviews, cover signing, clearance lending, funds flow monitoring, post-lending management, etc.
The Jiangsu Bank micro business has led to the upgrading of all-round intelligence, mainly through the small-scale Jiangsu process and the continuous updating of the Jiangsu Bank's mobile bank. (1) The intellectual transition is early, both as a means of control and as a channel entry.
In 2015, it took the lead in creating a fully-fledged crediting small-scale business on the front line, creating a prelude to domestic tax lending. Jiangsu was not the only bank to borrow on the basis of tax data, but the country was the first to work with the tax sector on a general basis.
Not only is it data-level cooperation, but it can also provide a flow entrance to the bank’s products. The tax office of Jiangsu has direct access to the Jiangsu Bank’s loan application page on its website.
This has also resulted in more efficient business processes and savings in the cumbersome process of "printing tax statements, stamped by the tax department, and then submitted to the bank credit department" and improved client experience and released the bank front desk and approval department workload. Credit products mainly address the needs of small micro-enterprises with a single household value of less than $3 million.
On the basis of the “taxe-e” products, Jiangsu Bank quickly opened the market and, by the end of 2015, Jiangsu Bank had a surplus of 8 per cent of the province's market share of small loans, of which 15.2 per cent were made up of small businesses with less than $5 million per household or less. (2) Financial science and technology innovations are in place and business-wide upgrades are ready.
After that, Jiangsu Bank accelerated the enrichment of the service scene in response to the needs of its clients, promoted the application of financial technology and improved the customer-wide process-based service experience: first, the staff of the head office acted as manager of the priority project products, constantly pushing the products online, optimizing the diversity of the products; and, second, the establishment of multiple client service-sensitive groups across the line, which were required by the personnel of the science and technology sector and the business sector.
In terms of products, they are on the line for such products as succor, succor, talent, tobacco, etc.
The application, which incorporates the amount of the different products, the pricing model, and the process, enables the performance of personal business loans without contact, the opening of an account, the signing of bonds on the porter's mobile end, etc., and enables the client, the customer manager, to complete the full process line management of a loan from application to issue to loan.
By 2022h1, mobile banks account for more than 14 million clients, with an average of more than 4.5 million active clients per month, and are in the top of the city’s comptoirs. As financial technology stimulates innovation in microproducts, Jiangsu’s micro-business will be driven further in the future.
In terms of local advantages: Jiangsu Bank’s model of early micro-business development is similar to that of an ipc model, with over 800 full-time small businesses in the industry.
Business customer managers, following the pre-prior loan survey model of "two-eye" operations. Although Jiangsu Bank has emphasized the role of tax-e-lending (later known as running e-lending) products and big data-wind controls since 2015, client service capabilities generated by a team of trained client managers remain very important.
Deep business, rapid expansion, and wings, provides an effective catch for previous investigative, application, audit, approval, loan lending and post-prior lending processes. The bottom line is used for the bottom line and the bottom line. The local advantages of Jiangsu Bank are:
(1) Deep-farming, from products to services to workforces, is for local clients; compared to the State share, the small micro-business of Jiangsu Bank is organized and replicated and expanded around the Jiangsu region, essentially because of the depth of economic and cultural knowledge and cultivation in the Jiangsu region, with higher levels of trust and loyalty on the part of clients.
The value of Jiangsu’s brand is more pronounced than that of small banks, and local corporate firms are more likely to collaborate with government departments and other institutions in the Jiangsu region by providing the Jiangsu Bank with diversified data.
(2) Short decision-making radiuss and rapid responsiveness allow client sophistication: the local approach to service delivery allows Jiangsu Bank to focus more on comprehensive client services and delivers more comprehensive and detailed service delivery programmes. Clients can have “light spots” of market change and customer demand across the internal network.
The station suggested that the decision-making level of the head office must respond to adoption within a certain time frame, and that the product, service, process, etc. could be faster and more innovative. The Bank of Jiangsu is now focusing on the “first-prior lending” initiative, so don't mention the “differential grant model, differentiated pricing strategy, differentiated amount approval” and fine-tuning of the client.
Management and access to the “last kilometre” is further advanced. (3) Decision-making is decentralized to the operating agency to a certain extent, stimulating the agency's motivation: client clearance applications allow the client manager to select and combine a wide range of products, or through the development of an integrated service programme.
This mechanism ensures that when a letter of credit programme is developed, the client manager must take stock of the client and balance the benefits and risks. It also ensures that the team of the Jiangsu bank's customer manager constantly enhances the ability to identify the client's qualifications and risks in the pursuit of benefits, thereby stimulating the business.
Figure 43 Small differential service advantages of Jiangsu Bank Credits: Loans with e, Smoking, Technology & Technology: High Lending, Talent Loans,
Growing Stars, Loans, Loan Links, Government Risk Compensations: Small Loans, Farmers: Short Loans, Sunshine Loans for the Poor
Suco-Sorbs, Somong-Surveys have the option of a fixed interest rate, a floating rate.
No access to loans: individual business loan clients are available without having to open a real card; loaned/monthly interest payments are paid and due on one principal/equal interest/custody repayment plan; eligible for renewal without repayment
4 Retail transition was right when the second growth pole was constructed, with 4.1 focusing on dynamic consumer finance, and the digital transition took precedence.
In terms of volume, emphasis has been placed on increasing the share of retail loans, building light banks, and increasing the size of retail loans, from 25.1 per cent in 2017 to 25.1 per cent in 2017.
By 2021, 40.1% of loans were structurally close to individual housing loans and personal consumer loans, with provincial clients as the main client base. By 2022q3, retail deposits were 48.37 billion yuan, an increase from the balance of retail loans at Jiangsu Bank in late 2021 (million yuan) and a percentage of the total.
Figure 45 Jiangsu Bank retail loan structure (2022h1) Housing mortgage loans are larger and larger than their share of the city’s comptoirs, but their concentration has improved. Housing mortgages have a high rate of return and collateral, which is a traditional asset of good quality.
In the first half of 2022, mortgage lending fell from 18.63% in 2020 to 15.95%, with mortgages falling in concentration, rising to the size of the consumer loans and leading the city’s comptoirs.
Car consumption, cell phone consumption, civic services, etc., meet client diversification needs through innovative digital consumer loan products. 2018-2019 was the time of the company’s personal consumption mortgages, and the business was first in the city in 2019.
Rehabilitating features that match the “lending” of consumer loans with the back-up metal. Consumption demand for 2022h1 residents, such as the United States Regiment, has weakened, Jiangsu Bank has focused on public-private linkages, deep-seated demand for services to the public population, consumption loans to potential customers, etc., and the consumer loan balance has increased by 12.8% compared to previous retail sales from Jiangsu Bank.
The three-to-four-quarter incremental contribution to the year is often better than the one-to-two quarter, and the future recovery of retail demand for credit consumption will continue to boost the consumer-lending advantage. Figure 48 shows the size of Jiangsu’s personal consumption loans (millions of dollars) at the top of the city’s comptoirs.
Figure 49 The Bank of Jiangsu has dropped its consumer loans for six months better than the first half of the year when the “digitized transition + wealth management transition” led to a double increase in the number of customers and customers aum. In zero, commercial banks face competition not only from their counterparts, but also from Internet finance.
The use and application of Internet products are essential to the user’s experience. Jiangsu Bank has also focused on upgrading its online applications in retail transitions, creating ecological isolations for customers, stay-at-homes, and live-in customers by continuously optimizing the experiences of users of small programs, mobile phones, and direct sales banks at the three ends of their “mortality.”
202H1, with more than 14 million mobile banker customers, and aum overlapped from the end of 2021, but there was a rapid increase in the size of consumer loans and credit cards in the consumer finance matrix of Jiangsu Bank, and success in one area could be quickly replicated into another, and it was also a rational, technically based line-up.
At the product level, to target the need for non-accessible consumer finance in the post-epidemiology period, to innovate in the roll-out of unconnected cards, new e-melt cards, online channels to co-operate in the roll-out of the American Legion Better joint credit card, the United States Group of Credit Cards, and the number of registered customers of the Append Credit Cards increased by 22% from year to year.
At the end of the day, the credit card accumulated 5.74 million cards, an increase of 26% over the same year. The cash company’s consumer finance scene, which is on-line with its hairline, became a new point of increase in profits in the retail transition.
Since its inception, the protagonists, such as college graduates and new white collars in the workplace, have been competing with Internet platforms to diversify. Since its inception, autonomous channels, platform operations, and shareholder resources have been running ecological projects, with a loan balance of $18.2 billion in the first half of the year, with a cumulative loan of $35.37 billion.
Over 241 per cent, gradually becoming a profit growth point, giving new impetus to the retail transformation of Jiangsu Bank. 4.2 Wealth management capacity is excellent, with revenue and investment returns expected to rise again, as the retail population continues to dive, the number of core regional customers and core customers increases significantly, and retail customers turn to retail customers.
Billion dollars, aaum size of $108.82 billion by the end of the 2022rd quarter, up 18% from the end of 2021.
The Bank of Jiangsu focuses on aum-2-6 million groups of private clients, providing medium- and high-end services to some of the middle-end clients in the traditional private sector.
By 2021, the balance of financial assets of private and financial clients exceeded $240 billion and the asset size and number of clients grew by 26%.
In 2020, SWF was founded to 2022h1, the size of the property matter was $467.6 billion. The net worth of the product is 100%, and the investment is still strong.
The model ratio is over 80%, based on a variety of time-bound, medium- and low-risk solid harvests, and the development of medium-term, long-term, rights-based products such as +, blended, etc., to meet investors’ needs for diversification and balanced wealth management. In 2021, silver and silver generated $13 billion for clients, with an average return of 3.4% for customers and more than 50% for the parent bank.
At present, the income from Jiangsu Bank and the share of investment revenue in the city’s comptoirs are at a medium level, and there is room for improvement. Stable retail access is the basis for a steady expansion in the size of the money, while higher returns from financial investment at risk are an important factor in attracting retail customers, and both will be mutually reinforcing.
There has been a steady increase in corporate revenue and investment returns. 5 negative declines have been steeper, asset quality improvements have been significant, 5.1 has been found to be declining worse and faster, and there is room for counter-bullying profit.
Using financial science and technology to fully enable risk management, a big data smart wind control system is designed to enhance risk foresight and risk capabilities. In terms of stock risk mitigation, the collection of bad loans has continued to increase through the centralization of bad assets, the intensification of bad recovery and litigation clearance. The negative rate fell significantly from 24bps to 1.08% in 2021.
There has been a gradual clean-up of the history and a marked improvement in the quality of the assets.
The company ' s negative findings have been tightened since 2017, and the current levels of bad and overdue rates can feed back into the quality of the company ' s assets. Undesirable generation of one season is historically low, and the risk of high scale, high profit margins have not been reduced. With write-offs, the rate of negative new generation has declined by season since 2021, reaching the rate of bad production in the first three quarters of 2022.
In view of the trend in the proportion of loans more than 90 days overdue and new non-performing loans generated, the current high scale, high profitability model of companies continues to keep poor access closed and the level of risk management is increasing. The coverage of the provision is increasing year by year, and there is still room for the risk offset.
As the rate rises, the risk offset capacity gradually increases. By 2022q3, the provision coverage is 36.05 per cent, and the lending capacity will gradually become apparent as overdue and poor continuous pressure falls, and the resilience of the back-feeding profits will become apparent. 5.2 A strong plate is less than average, and future asset quality improvements will be sustained.
There is still room for continued improvement in the quality of assets in the future, mainly because: (1) loans are invested in the production of Jiangsu province, which is in line with the priorities of the industry. In the areas of advanced manufacturing, green environment, science, technology and innovation, the policy supports a clearer outlook for the industry, and the quality of assets is assured.
The marginal improvement in the quality of public line assets and the marginal increase in retail line failure. Among these, manufacturing lending does not concentrate on higher end manufacturing in the first half of the year. (2) The industry adapts the new loan delivery structure in a timely manner in the event of systemic risks. Non-performing loans account for a relatively high (10.75%) and marginally rising real estate sector, with excess loans.
As non-performing loans typically take place one year after the loan was invested, the current loan offer reflects a company’s retrospection and reflection of the current poor delivery structure, which was around a year ago, and a timely and dynamic adjustment. Under a responsive and efficient feedback mechanism, the asset quality of the future company will be changed.
It will also benefit from improvements in the credit structure’s concentration in high-quality assets. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The private economy of Jiangsu province is booming, the financing needs are strong, and Jiangsu Bank is the only corporate bank in the province.
The economy is dynamic, capable, and experienced to serve local entities. Advanced manufacturing for public operations, inclusive mini- and green environment are high-yielding, low-performing assets: retail operations focus on consumer finance, and financial management combines. The local comptoirs have a short radius of decision-making, and the feedback mechanism is efficient in forming the Jiangsu Bank.
With a solid foundation for a sound and progressive development strategy, it is hoped that the future will benefit from a gradual decline in cost rates as a result of the intellectual transformation. As a result, we believe that Jiangsu Bank’s performance will continue to grow at a sustained high rate, forecasting corporate growth from 2022 to 2024.
A steady increase, with high-yielding, high-quality credit assets as the main enabler. Loans are expected to grow at a future rate of 2. Net interest differentials: after interest rate market-based reforms, financial concessions have had a more limited impact on the net interest differentials of highly bargaining power commercial banks.
3. Non-interest income: strong retail aum growth, combined strength of financial affiliates, future retailing and finance management costs 4. Business and management costs: corporate incentives are more market-based, provincial networks are now fully territorially covered, provincial out-of-sites and workforces have limited scope for expansion, talent focus is on-line, and intellectual transformation is taking place.
• Promotion of lower passenger costs, business and management costs as a percentage of operating income, expected to level at 22.5 per cent in 2022, and continued deployment of high-quality assets by Jiangsu Bank, responsive to market changes and competitive advantage in moving below market interest rates remain prominent, with growth and profitability in the city’s comptoirs at the first echelons, 1 December 2022
Interest rate risk: broad credit, interest rates continue to fall under broad monetary policy.
Business risk: Economic growth is slower than expected and declining demand for financing slows credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.