Round Express (600233): Price battles highlight performance resilience, and valuation is attractive.
The profits were $1.89 billion, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, and the business completion volume of 9.78 billion items, an increase of 20.9 per cent over the same year. The market share of integrated international supply chains, which are integrated with finance, commerce, etc., increased by 0.65 pct over the same period last year.
By the end of 2022, there were two listed companies, more than 5100 branches on the Internet, and the revenue from the single ticket fell under the influence of the price war, but the volume of business growth and the cost of the reduction had been offset by a price reduction:
With regard to the single-ticket indicators, the company's single-ticket income fell by about $0.16 in the first half of the year (or 6.0 per cent in the same year), mainly 133, with more than 450,000 employees, and the service network has been achieved.
Increased competition in prices in the express delivery sector in the first half of the year. But with the effect of scale and excellent cost control, the cost of single votes for all companies in the country’s 31 provinces (regions, municipalities) and above the county level has been reduced by $0.14 (5.9% in the same year), and the result is a single company.
However, with the growth in business in the first half of the year of around 20 per cent, the company has managed to achieve a significant reduction in the core cost of the single ticket: the core cost of the Express headquarters is the cost of transportation to the 52-week share price range.
Ben. The first half of the year saw a decrease of $0.05 to $ 0.47 in the cost of transport of company single tickets (a fall of 9.2 per cent in the same year), which, in addition to the fall in the price of finished oil, is also very much related to the company ' s continued optimization of dry routes and its efforts to raise the number of single-car loads, which were higher by 12 per cent in the first half of the year than in the same year.
The decrease in operating costs of $0.02 (a 4.6 per cent decrease in the same year) to $0.00 is, in our view, more relevant to the company’s fine management and to the increase in capacity utilization resulting from the scale effect. In addition, the company’s single ticket network b/h shares (million shares)
The digital transformation drive will continue to help optimize timeliness and client experience: companies focus on client experience, capture digital, intelligent management tools, empower network finance, operations, management, etc., and contribute to the reduction of efficiency gains by allieds, overall upgrading of network management capacity and integrated competitiveness.
The company’s digital transformation has been more effective, and timeliness and client experience have continued to improve. The reporting period was nearly five hours longer than the same period last year, with the client complaints rate falling by 12%.
A service premium based on a good customer experience can help companies to withstand price competition effectively, and corporate profits are more resilient in the context of price wars. Companies now value Pe at a historically low level, and we believe the valuation is more attractive and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the round expressive (600233), the price battles highlight the resilience of performance, the appeal of valuations, the source of the financial boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports round Express (600233): price wars highlight performance resilience, and valuations are attractive.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, seven years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, employed in the Open Portfolio Development Researcher’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.