Quite a few ways to create a high-morigin barrier — the first coverage report of German shares (605117.sh) on 21 April 2025.
German shares (605117.sh) Emerging markets are expected to benefit from global light storage dividends. Companies sell more than 80% off-shore.
We believe that (1) emerging markets, represented by South Africa, Pakistan, India, the Philippines, Myanmar, Ukraine, have created a rigid demand for electricity due to severe power shortages, with high surcharges, policy push, component and battery prices increasing economically, and the demand for light storage is expected to remain high. The Western European market is at the end of the reservoir.
(ii) The company uses a plaque model of local distributors to enter more exclusive markets: Zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn Overseas, market demand insight and channel pre-emergent advantages, building up stronger brands, customers
The household and distribution channel base is expected to remain relatively high in emerging markets in the future. (3) Companies have benefited from the previous differentiated deployment of emerging markets, notably in a number of emerging markets, which have been able to resist the risk of weak demand at one stage of the market and are expected to take full advantage of the continued climate created by overseas emerging markets.
Products, size, high self-manufacturing of materials in a mix of channels, and shaping high levels of Maori. (1) Products: companies transform from home power to light storage, continuously expand high-moric products to cover new products such as inverters, storage batteries, etc. We recognize that product diversification can increase performance while providing consumer insights, cost controls, and the sea.
(ii) Channels: autonomous branding and tagging remain high, Top5 distributors contribute almost half of the revenue from the sea, distribution patterns help shape the size advantage, allowing companies to maintain lower time-cost rates. (3) Control fees: materials account for about 84 per cent of the cost of the inverse, of which the institutional component is typically in raw materials.
In addition, igbt is an important electronic component of the inverter, accounting for about 10% of the cost of the inverter. The process of domestication of the company chip is relatively rapid, with stable partnerships with domestic igbt manufacturers that effectively guarantee the stability of the company’s supply chain and excellent cost-control capabilities.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the emerging market of light-store reversors and the emerging market of Asia, Africa and Latin America has shown its pre-eminence, with the prospect of a recovery in the demand for European end-of-stock savings, with a greater risk of diversification of products, advantages of scale, and multi-channel convergence of materials; geopolitical risks.
Catalog I, emerging market leaders, are expected to benefit from the global light-storage dividend, which divides overseas markets. Corporate sales abroad are dominated by reversibles, which account for up to 90 per cent of overseas operations.
As a follow-up to this, and in view of the intense competition in the domestic market for inverters, companies have defined a development strategy dominated by overseas markets, selling more than 80 per cent of them abroad, staggering advantage regions of other domestic poles, such as Europe, and concentrating their overseas layout on countries or regions where market demand has grown faster in recent years, such as Brazil, South Africa and the United States.
Currently, overseas emerging markets are light-store incremental markets, and our reverses have fallen from more than 60% in 22 years to about 40% in 24 years. Companies have provided high-quality products to more than 100 countries and regions around the world, and have continued to increase in the number of emerging markets represented by South Africa and Brazil. We believe that (1) South Africa, Pakistan, and Pakistan are among the countries of the world.
Emerging markets, represented by India, the Philippines, Myanmar, Ukraine, have created rigid demand due to severe power shortages, higher and higher prices, higher policy impulses, and lower prices for components and batteries, which are expected to sustain high demand for light storage. The traditional stock markets in Western Europe have reached the end of the reservoir, and demand has recovered. (2) Companies have adopted the model of local distributors for tagging into more exclusive overseas markets, with market demand perceptible.
The company benefits from the pre-emergent and differentiated deployment of emerging markets, and is prominent in a number of emerging markets that are resistant to the risk of weak demand from single-market phasings and that are expected to fully enjoy the continued climate of overseas emerging markets.
(i) South Africa: the largest number of companies, with other regions in Africa or becoming the next potential market; the largest number of companies in South Africa, with much potential for light storage. South Africa is one of the most affected countries in the world, with 80 per cent of electricity coming from coal, while the State Enterprise is responsible for producing about 95 per cent of South Africa's electricity from generation to distribution, which is about non-existent.
45% of electricity in the continent, and poor management of coal power units near the end of their useful lives have caused serious power supply problems. Since 2007, power outages have rotated around South Africa to reduce power grid pressure. South Africans lost 15 hours of electricity per day in 2023, and South Africa announced in February 2025 that they would face power cuts of 8-12 hours per day. The Government has actively introduced wind power, photovoltaics and storage power.
Incentives for loading. Data from the South African Photovoltaic Industry Association (sapvia) show that in 2024, South Africa added approximately 1.1gw light-voltage aircraft with a total capacity of 9gw. In April 2025, the South African Government formally approved the South African Renewable Energy Manufacturing Plan (SArem), which plans to increase the number of new renewable energy units from at least 3gw to 5gw in 2030.
Exports in January-March were US$ 46 million, compared to +25. We believe that South Africa has a strong demand for light storage, that households have shifted to a photovoltaic + battery storage model to achieve energy self-sufficiency, that companies have for many years cultivated in the South African market, that they have accumulated a stronger brand, customer and sales channel base, and that the market is in the lead, and that it is expected that South Africa’s photo-store development opportunities will increase in the future.
We expect Africa to be the next potential market for companies. (1) Africa is the region with the lowest global electricity penetration, with nearly 600 million people without electricity, about 50 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa, 80 per cent of the world ' s unelectrified population and 18 of the 20 countries with the most severe energy shortages are in sub-Saharan Africa. South Africa, as the most industrialized economy in Africa, rotates power out.
Africa has an almost unlimited solar power potential (10tw), wind (110gw), as assessed by the African Development Bank. According to the Continental Power System Master Plan (cmp), published by irena, the installed capacity of renewable energy in Africa will be 62gw in 2023.
With an increase of 750 GW in 2040, the Top10 countries best suited to the development of wind resources will account for 74% and 93% of the capacity of solar photovoltaic and wind power, respectively. South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt, Libya, Ethiopia, Algeria, Ghana, Zambia, Côte d’Ivoire, among others, are important markets, with clear development plans in Africa such as Egypt, Morocco, Tunisia, Niger and Namibia.
(3) Africa is an important “one-way” region, and China is not only the largest bilateral trading partner in Africa, but also the largest foreign-aided region in Africa, which has already achieved photovoltaic parity. We believe that Germany has already set up localized technical support and after-sales teams in southern and western Africa, and has continued to expand its openings to South Africa, Nigeria, and other African markets, and is expected to continue to benefit from rising demand for light reserves in the future.
(ii) The Middle East: power grid is weak with geo-conflicts, storage demand is hot, demand for renewable energy in the Middle East is strong, power grid is weak with geopolitical games and the need for complementary storage capacity is urgent. With the global energy transition, the Middle East and North Africa have 84gw light-voltage installed capacity, more than 50% of which come from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. (1) Saudi Arabia,
Main powers, such as the United Arab Emirates, are dominated by concentrated photovoltaics, which are important participants in supporting development through net metering schemes and netting laws, subsidies for residential and commercial construction, cooperation with private companies to develop large-scale distributed solar energy projects. (2) Lebanon, Syria, Yemen, Israel are beset by conflict, the continuing economic decline in some parts of the country, severe damage to the electricity grid, frequent power outages, unstable power supply and
The high price of electricity is marked by high demand for microgrids and off-grid light storage. As international aid increases, government policy supports and technological advances, the potential for light storage is greater. (3) According to General Customs, China ' s export of reverse transformers to countries in the Middle East was highly innovative in 2024, with exports of $24 million in March 2025, corresponding to 35.3 per cent, ring to 27.4 per cent, and January to March, with exports of $95 million, compared to 18.7 per cent.
We believe that the German industry is rich in products and actively participated in the Middle East exhibition, pre-deeping the North African market and investing in Malaysia ' s production base. Figure 8: China ' s export of reverse transformers to countries in the Middle East 2015-2025: Europe: demand for recovery continues to grow in Western Europe, and demand for electricity households is high in Eastern Europe due to the war in Ukraine.
The energy crisis in Europe boosted the price of electricity, household savings, and rapid growth, but began in the second half of 2023, under the influence of stocks, and our reversible exports to Europe continued to decline. In advance of this, European interest cuts are expected to stimulate demand for light storage, and, given the more than a year of decomposition of stocks, our reversible exports to Europe are comparable to our export data.
Markets such as Denmark, the Netherlands, Greece, Hungary, the United Kingdom, etc. are policy-oriented, driven by energy transformation and economics, and demand is up. We believe that Ukraine's war losses have led to the re-establishment of power systems and increased energy security anxiety and demand for light storage in Eastern Europe. With access to the market in Ukraine through Poland, the German industry has achieved a rapid release of household products.
As of September 2024, Ukraine’s entire thermal power plant and almost all its hydroelectric capacity had been destroyed. The Central Bank of Ukraine predicts a national level of 2024-2025.
The average electricity deficit is about 5%. According to Pvinfolink, in 2025, the average number of additional light-voltage loaders amounted to 600-800mw compared to about 40%, and the long-term need for light-voltage is more likely to return to the gw level. (2) In addition, Ukraine has officially introduced a 10-year zero-interest loan assistance to encourage residents to install household storage and a policy of exemption from customs duties and value-added tax on wind-storage equipment, reducing acquisition costs.
Millions of dollars, +289.81% of the same year, +2.38% of the ring, and $0.06 billion of the same January-March exports, +76.51% of the same year. We believe that Ukraine ' s power system has been restructured as a result of war damage and has exacerbated energy security anxiety and demand for light storage in Eastern Europe. With access to the Ukrainian market through Polish channels, the German industry has achieved rapid release of household stocks, and it is hoped that future increases in the distribution of light storage in Eastern Europe, represented by Ukraine, will be achieved.
(iv) Asia: South-East Asian silos, power shortages in India and Pakistan, silos, weak electricity grids and policy incentives are expected to add to the distribution of light reserves in South-East Asia. (1) South-East Asian countries have a large population, large islands, energy structure dominated by fossil fuels, weak grid infrastructure, unstable electricity supply, etc.
Common features, rapid urbanization with industrialization, abundant solar energy resources and a continuous decline in the cost of light storage systems, and increased demand for regionally distributed light voltage and off-grid systems are expected. (2) At the policy level, countries in South-East Asia have, in recent years, successively, introduced net metering policies, feed-in tariffs (fit), direct-purchase agreements (dppa), large-scale regenerative energy tendering schemes, and policy instruments such as market-oriented mechanisms,
Policies to encourage self-employment and business participation converge. Infolink projects that, by 2024, four countries across South-East Asia -- the Philippines, Viet Nam, Myanmar, Indonesia -- had increased their exports of inverse agents on a year-by-year basis, with exports of $60 million in March 2025, +72.5 per cent, ring +159.2 per cent, and January-March $132 million, +43.6 per cent, which we believe is a high demand for households in South-East Asia.
Under the circumstances, the German industry has now completed the registration of Malaysian subsidiaries to build production bases in Malaysia, and future companies are expected to be quick to radiate to countries in South-East Asia. Pakistan’s volatile electricity supply, high electricity costs, and rising light-storage economics are driving up the demand for light storage, with companies predisposing advantage.
Pakistan, with a population of over 200 million, is the sixth largest country in the world, but faces a severe electricity shortage. The Asian Development Bank (adb) reports that the country has experienced an average of about 31 power outages per month, with an average of 372 power outages per year. The power outages in 2023 lasted more than 12 hours, covering 99% of the country. (2) Pakistan ' s oil and gas generation accounted for about 45% of the electricity generated, but on the basis of that figure.
According to the China Energy Report, the average monthly electricity bill in Pakistan was $350 in 2024, well over $100 in 2023. The record high price of electricity has in part stimulated the need for light-voltage installation. The cost of installing solar panels for domestic use is approximately $3,500, and it is estimated that the cost of installing solar-powered equipment could be reduced by at least $3,500.
60-70% less electricity and relatively stable power generation. (3) The government supports light storage development through the application of net metering regulations, fiscal incentives (tax incentives or subsidy policies, financing support). In March 2025, the net metering regulations were announced to have significantly reduced the purchase price from Rs.27 to Rs.10 per unit, but in April the Cabinet decided to suspend approval and committed the existing net measure of consumers for seven years.
The agreement will not be affected by this policy revision for the duration of the agreement. Moreover, provincial utility-scale projects and the drop in light storage costs will continue to drive the demand for light storage units. (4) According to the General Customs Administration, China’s exports of PCRs have increased steadily since 2024, with US$ 40 million exported in March 2025, +43.13 per cent, ring +52.30 per cent, and US$ 96 million exported in January-March, +53.15 per cent.
We believe that Pakistan’s electricity system is unstable, expensive, and solar-powered, and that the policy of stimulating the accumulation of light storage units and the economic upgrading of the system is expected to continue to boost the demand for light storage. We believe that China-Pakistan relations are friendly, that the German industry entered Pakistan’s market earlier, and that its dominant low-pressure products can meet the needs of the local market for off-grid rigidities, and that they are expected to take advantage of Pakistan’s light-storage market.
India’s power supply is in short supply, and its potential for light storage incentives, such as storage and storage, is scalable. (1) India’s population is over 1.4 billion, the world’s largest population, with local electricity infrastructure built in the mid-20th century, equipment ageing, reduced efficiency, and frequent accidents.
Unmitigated, the power grid loss rate was about 15% in 2023, about twice the global average. (2) Power supply is in short supply. The International Energy Agency (IEA) report shows that India’s peak power load grew by 68% in 10 years, reaching 250gw in 2024.
At the beginning of 2025, the Central Ministry of Electricity of India requested the installation of a co-storage energy system for at least two hours, equivalent to 10% of the solar capacity, under a solar tender project run by the Renewable Energy Implementation Agency and the State Power Corporation. If the mandatory storage requirements are implemented, it is expected that about 14gw/28gwh will be installed by 2030.
The National Power Plan foresees 110 gw for the period 2024-2027, and the infolink expects India to increase its photovoltage capacity from 60 gw in 2023 to 280 gw in 2030, or 25%. In the case of household storage, the Prime Minister's Photovoltage Home Scheme (pm-suryaghar) aims to reach 40 gw (11gw at the end of 2023), and
According to General Customs data, China ' s exports to India of inverters have increased steadily since 2024, with exports of US$ 45 million in March 2025, +67.03 per cent, ring + 8.05 per cent, January-March US$ 140 million, +70.42 per cent.
The German industry has the opportunity to maintain a dominant position in India’s light-store market, thanks to its technological accumulation and early deployment in the area of retroorganizers. In the first place, it is expected that South Africa’s photo-store development opportunities will be seized in the future.
(v) Latin America: with steady growth in light storage, strong channels for long-term development in Brazil, and strong channels for long-term growth in companies. (1) Brazil ' s power grid is fragile, mainly because the power structure remains predominantly hydropower (about 60 per cent) but vulnerable to drought and extreme weather events; Northeast Energy Centre and south-east and south-east.
Next, in 2009 and 2023, major power outages affected 40 per cent and 25 per cent of Brazil ' s total load. (2) Brazil ' s household storage penetration rate is about 30 per cent, with high potential. According to the Brazilian Association of Photovolt Industry (absolar), Brazil ' s new photovolt loader of 14.97gw in 2024, with a cumulative load of 52.88gw distributed in 37.4gw, a ratio of more than 70 per cent.
According to the National Power Regulator (Aneel), by the end of February 2025, Brazil had a distributed photovoltage capacity of over 37.61gw, with 28.3 million systems connected to the net, with residential systems dominated. We assume that the net is entirely home-based, and that the ceiling penetration rate remains only 30%, with greater potential. (3) Import component tariff increases and distribution policies support household demand.
In November 2024, the import component tax rate rose further from 10.8 per cent to 25 per cent, but the Brazilian Government and local authorities are still stimulating the spread of photovoltaics by means of new industrial schemes, low-income distributed electricity system consumers ' discounts of not less than 50 per cent of electricity use, small-scale distributed electricity generation tax exemptions, and real estate tax discounts. In addition, aneel will issue regulations on the storage system in May 2025.
According to General Customs data, China’s exports to Brazil in 2023 fell by 4.07%, and exports of $124 million in January-March, or 31.77%. Given Brazil’s policy of supporting the distribution of photovoltaics, the net metering system, rising electricity prices, and higher penetration of electric cars, we believe that the demand for Brazilian households remains high, even taking into account import tariffs.
The cost of Chinese products is more competitive. Brazil has become one of the largest destinations for German-based serial inverters and micro-reverters, and companies and Brazilian-renowned distributors, Aldoponenteseletricicosltda (Brazilian large photovoltaic distributors with a 30% share in the Brazilian distribution market) and Sertradingbrltda (Brazilian large light storage company belenusslar).
Latin America is still in the early stages of its light-storage development, with an eruptionary growth period. The Latin American region as a whole has a large population of about 640 million people, with ample light, more extreme weather, inadequate grid stability, and a high demand for electricity in the rapid pace of industrialization.
Latin America is still in the early stages of photo-storage development, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, etc., with policies to support photo-voltaic development. The Latin American region is a major participant in the “one-way” initiative, and China is the largest trading partner in Brazil, Chile, and Peru.
Cooperation, as well as off-grid product advantages, deep-farming in Latin America’s markets and sustained consolidation of market leadership. Second, high self-sufficiency of products, size, channels and materials, shaping high Māori (i) continued growth of high Māori products, and business and other new products, such as storage, are expected to increase their performance.
Since its inception in 2000, the company has been engaged in research and development, production, and marketing of environmental appliances; since 2007, it has been producing home-based air-conditioning heat switches for the United States; in 2015, the company will be able to combine its supply-chain management capacity, technological iterative capacity and cost advantages with a gradual expansion of distributed light-storage new tracks, product-covering inverters and energy storage batteries.
The variable business has become the first business panel, and the Māori rate is much higher than traditional products such as dehumidifiers, heat exchangers, etc. We believe that the company’s transition from home power to a high Māori light storage track not only reflects its ability to continue product innovation, vertical expansion, but also to take advantage of the consumer incubation, cost control, and overseas channels.
Figure 20: Corporate product coverage maps The inverter matrix is complete, with emphasis on the layout of the Reverse Power Reversers. The company covers storage energy, clustering, mini-reverser product matrices, and the three categories of products are growing together. According to the announcement, the stock-reverse sales grew from 20.2 million in 2020 to 40.8 million in 2023.
The company identified storage reversors as the main development direction, focusing on the low-pressure reversor breakdown of the track. According to an international advisory body, the company’s annual Reverse Reversible Repository Bank received 2,418 million yuan, accounting for 61.12 per cent of the business income of the Reverter.
Programs, integrated with the depth of the company ' s Reverse Reverser product, increased revenue from the storage Reverser and the storage battery package in 2024, according to the company ' s announcement. (2) Business Repository Solutions ms-g215, integrated into modules such as ems, pcs, bms, lithium batteries, auxiliary power sources, etc., through the installation of heat management systems in the battery and electrical compartments respectively, as well as multiple temperature sensor equipment, supported by aerosol elimination
Firearms, which greatly improve the safety of products and have excellent discharge features, can be used to optimize power distribution in real time, according to the time price of the grid, to meet load demand. They can provide safe and stable clean energy in unstable areas of the grid, such as mountainous areas and off-islands. (3) At the Shanghai snetes+ exhibition in 2024, the company launched a balcony micro-storage solution, a body-designed micro-storage series that can be used as a micro-reversible list.
By using the Tou model, we can take full advantage of the peak valley electricity prices and provide a more flexible 24-hour window solution for the balcony households. We believe that, from inverters to storage, to balcony micro-stores, corporate research and development and product innovation are significant capabilities that can meet the demand for power from a larger number of customers.
Figure 24: German industrial and industrial energy storage system solutions (ii) are of high size, with lower cost rates during the period, and market power shapes the size advantage and maintains lower cost rates during the period. Corporate revenue is second only to sunlight power compared to their counterparts.
Māori rates have continued to rise at a high level since 2021, and sales rates, management rates, and financial rates have been lower. We believe that this is because (1) companies come from traditional household power enterprises and are managed in a refined manner, with cost rates kept at a low level for the period. (1) Companies rely on foreign distribution partners or adopt a model of licensed local distributors to sell, and a relatively small proportion are established abroad with comparable firms in the industry.
Companies cover storage energy, chains, mini-reverser product matrices, light storage products with strong synergies, efficient reuse of distribution channels, centralization of management resources, savings in marketing outcomes and management costs.
Goods have passed the market opening period and are fast starting, diversified products and large-scale sales orders, and companies have been given a stronger bargaining power in cooperation with distributors, raw material providers, etc., to effectively control the cost during the period.
(iii) Autonomous brands and tags remain high, and top5 distributors contribute nearly half of overseas income, expanding their own brands and tags simultaneously and keeping them high. Corporate reverses overseas are sold mainly through distributors such as photovoltaic system integrators, epc contractors, installers, etc., including by own branding and tagging.
As you can see, the US is full of tags, South Africa is the majority of tags, and Brazil is mostly an autonomous brand. According to company announcements, the Māori rate for company stickers except in 2023 is slightly lower than the Māori rate for proprietary branded products, which we believe is mainly due to the size of the company and its economic effects, as well as its strong cost-control capabilities, and the stability of market demand in South Africa and others, which can sustain production and sales on a sustainable basis.
Overseas distributors cooperate steadily, with Top5 contributing almost half of overseas income. In 2020-2022, the top five clients of the company sold abroad together accounted for 6.65 per cent, 13.98 per cent and 28.62 per cent of current principal business income, respectively, and Brazilian, Indian, South African, Emirates and other dealers with long-term cooperation, including China, the United Arab Emirates and other countries, which generated revenues from current offshore sales.
Maturegroupfze (Overseas Corporation of the China Building Materials Group in the Middle East), portablesolllc (United States-renowned light reserves, mainly for sale in the United States, Canada, Mexico), globaltechchinald (South Africa), aldocomponentes eletronicosltda (Brazil), helteequipamentoseletricaireli (Brazilian producer), sertrading
Bllda, a big Brazilian light storage company, belenussolar. Among them, the company signed an exclusive agent agreement with the American distributor, portablesol (sol-ark). (iv) Material self-contained with high gbt domestication and excellent control fees.
The main raw materials of the retrofit operation are institutional, magnetic, cable/connector, integrated circuits, electrical resists, power semiconductor devices, pcb. The cost of the inverter is about 84% of the material. According to the Iro energy offer, the unit typically accounts for about 27% of the raw materials.
In addition, igbt is an important electronic component of the inverter, accounting for about 10% of the cost of the inverter. The company’s process of nationalization of chips is relatively rapid, with alternative tests of their nationalization starting in 2021 and stable partnerships with domestic igbt manufacturers that effectively guarantee stability of the company’s supply chain and reduce production costs, excellent cost-control capabilities, profitability
III. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis (\rightarrow) (2) energy storage cells: future storage battery configuration rate increases, storage cells are expected to develop in tandem with storage reversors, we anticipate
The company ' s current valuation levels are relatively cheaper than those of other reverses, such as sunlight power sources, cohua data, comwave technology, solidure, upper-energy, Iro Energy, Heung Heung Heung, Boeing Technology, and stockholdings, and we consider the company to be the leader of the reverse-changer emerging market, with a strong growth momentum and valuation advantage.
Companies now have a slightly higher level of pe than historical averages and pb is below historical averages. Since their listing, the average value of the company pe (ttm) has been 51.4 x, and there is a risk that the price of raw materials will increase significantly: the share of upstream raw materials in the company ' s operating costs will be higher, and if raw materials prices increase significantly and their ability to sell will be limited, it will have a negative impact on the company ' s performance;
(b) The risk of increased competition in the industry: corporate products are mainly exposed to global household and business storage markets, and may be geopolitically risky if market competition increases: the expansion of firms' overseas operations, geopolitics and exchange rate fluctuations have a greater impact on performance.
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and fully understand the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an invitation to the client's investment advice not as an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments to safeguard its accuracy or completeness.