The future of the duty-free market is very promising, and the most powerful are persistent, and China is the only country with a full-source tax-exempt operator. The company is the only country with a full-fledged tax-exempt operator.
Wei Hongmei, a tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt, tax-exempt.
After buying tax-free trades and sea-free trades, more than 240 tax-free shops have been opened, with major domestic international airports, such as Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport, Capital Airport, White Cloud Airport, and the largest retail tourism complex in Hainan. Companies are exempt from global taxes during the epidemic.
In the context of the severe impact on the industry, tourism retailing rose from fourth to first in 2020, thanks to the rapid recovery of China’s large domestic market and the tax-free New Deal in Hainan Island. The size created a strong competitive advantage, with multiple channels complementarities.
Duffry has long been stable at about 60%, with a large volume of bargaining power for suppliers, while China is exempt from tourism retailing of approximately $6,732 million in 2019, and from 49.55%. There is still room for an increase in the size of free retailing and the Māori ratio compared to Dufrv.
In addition, the company ' s deep-farming and off-island duty-free operations, which are expected to continue to raise the overall Māori rate after the airport duty-free operation resumes, complement the tax-exempt advantages of the lower-cost off-island duty-free approach, resulting in the airport duty-free scale-down costs, tax-free profits from off-island operations and tax items on the line.
The December peak price ($) Increases the competitiveness of the price reduction to expand the Triangular Matrix of the Business Map and achieves a cycle of complementarities.
By the end of 2020, the company had a licence to operate 9 of China’s top 10 airports and operated 60 airport duty-free shops throughout the country. According to Frost Sullivan, the company operated a duty-free airport service for tourists.
More than 2.5 billion times, the share of duty-free retailing at company ports in duty-free retailing amounts to 69.7 per cent of duty-free retail sales at domestic ports. As a result of the epidemic, Shanghai airport has reduced rents for duty-free shops and is expected to lower rents for major airports in the future, increasing tax-free profits from airports.
Tax-free gold lanes off the island. It is expected to reach 40% duty-free penetration, nearly twice as high as the current 12.4% duty-free penetration rate in the south off the island. The company still owns more than 90% of the tax-free market in Hainan Island, with its core tax-free city and sea entrance under construction.
China’s preferential tax rates are expected to increase the net profits of companies from duty-free operations off the island. Investment proposals: three quarters of the short term, disturbed by a scattered epidemic, with no pressure on performance.
Over 70% of the country’s vaccine is fully vaccinated, and tourism confidence is gradually returning during the season. Over the long term, the trend of tourism rehabilitation has not changed, rising consumption + the return of consumption is expected to continue to drive tourism, rising consumption, companies enjoying the dividends of tax-free New Deal off the island and the construction of the Hainan Port of Trade.
The construction of global duty-free retail taps and consumer centres has not been expected, the epidemic has suffocated the desire to travel, and, at the macroeconomic level, 1.1 is the only tax-exempter in the country with full access to tax-exempt qualifications.
Companies are the only tax-exempt companies in the country with full tax-exempt status. Companies are the only tax-exempt companies in the country with full tax-exempt status, duty-free city-wide, cruise duty-free, train station duty-free, passenger terminal duty-free, border duty-free, on-board duty-free, off-wheel supply duty-free, diplomatic duty-free, nine tax-free types.
Over 240 tax-free shops have been opened with the exception of Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport and Pudong Airport, the capital airport and Dashing Airport, White Cloud Airport, and other major international airports, covering the whole of the country and operating on a step-by-step basis overseas, Hong Kong Airport and Macao Airport Free Shop and Cambodia City Duty-Free Shop.
Figure 1: Companies cover nine major categories of duty-free shops, and companies dominate tax-free markets both at home and abroad. According to Themoodiedavittreport, the company, thanks to China’s large domestic market and Hainan Island, was exempted against the backdrop of the severe impact of the global tax-free industry during the epidemic.
Tax New Deal recovered rapidly, with tourism retailing rankings rising from fourth to first in 2020, and maintained a leading position in the first half of 2021. According to Frost Sullivan, the top five duty-free operators in China’s domestic retail tourism market combined in 2020 reached 99.9%, with companies accounting for 92.3% of duty-free retail sales of about $30.4 billion.
Figure 2: Companies ranked the world ' s tourism retailers first 1.2 in 2020, with a strong background and experience in duty-free retailing
China is exempt from China’s tax-free company, which was established in 1984, and China’s 2008 National Travel Group, which, by restructuring and reforming the United Chinese Diaspora Group, operated travel agency operations and tax-free operations, respectively, through the subsidiary State General Hotel and the China Free Company. In 2016, the company’s controlling shareholders’ National Travel Group allocated all of the company’s shares free of charge.
The company has extensive experience in tax-exempt operations. The company goes back to the tax-exempt office set up by China Tourism Services in 1979.
The first duty-free shop in the country was opened in that year, the company established a Hong Kong office in 1989 to strengthen the supply chain, and the first in-country duty-free shop in the country. In 1996, the company opened the first border-free shop across the Black River, and in 2005 it established a national tax-free distribution centered on four customs regulatory logistics: Shenzhen, Shanghai, Qingdao and Dalian.
The tax-exempt policy was formally implemented in 2011, with companies rapidly opening tax-exempt stores in Sanya City, and by 2013, the public department joined the cruise line duty-free business and completed full tax-exempt coverage. Companies have over 40 years of tax-free operating experience and the largest duty-free retail outlets in the country, with significant advantages in the competition of tax-exempt subjects in the country.
Figure 4: Corporate tax-exempt business development history 1.3 Focusing on the outreach of tax-exempt owners Consolidation of the flagship status Transfer of travel agency operations.
In early 2019, the company split the travel agency business and transferred 100% of the shares of the National Hotel to the China Travel Group, after which the company focused on tax and tax-free sales with a relatively high rate of Maori, after which the company changed its name from “China Travel” to “China Free” and focused on tax-free operations.
In 2020, the Group transferred 51% of the shares of Hainan Province Tax Free Goods Limited that had previously been transferred by the Hainan State Finance Committee without compensation. Figure 5: The company's main course of development is devoted to duty-free retailing, and tourism retail giants are launched.
In mid-2010, revenues from tourism services and goods sales were $6,716 million, or 2,832 million, representing 70.33% and 29,67% of the revenue. As the country’s income rose, consumption continued to increase, tourism retailing grew rapidly, and travel was carried out with a high rate of growth, respectively.
The rise of online travel agencies has led to a slowdown in the growth of international travel agency operations, with tax revenue from tourism services amounted to 7.85 per cent in mid-2010-2018, while revenue from commodity sales amounted to 36.60 per cent, and tourism services amounted to 26.36 per cent of the receipts until the end of 2018, while the share of commodity sales increased to 73.64 per cent.
The Māori rate for tourism services, which is only 10 per cent, has gradually slowed out performance growth rates. The year 2019 saw an increase of 2.04 per cent in revenue on the same year after no transfer to China Travel Agency operations, a sharp decline in net profits of 49.58 per cent on the same year, and an increase of about 7.94 percentage points in Māori sales.
Figure 6: Percentage of middle- and off-the-shelf businesses (%) Mäori rate (%) The growth in the size of middle rabbits cannot be separated from prolonged M&As. From 2011 to 2016, corporate operating income was $12,695 million.
The company is the only tax-free operator in the country with full tax-free access qualifications. Tax-free qualifications are the largest tax-free sector in the country.
Barriers and moats, limited issuance of license plates limit the number of competitors in the market, while the global duty-free industry is dominated by airport exemptions, and the exclusive nature of the airport-free shop franchise makes it more likely that the domestic tax-free industry will maintain oligarchic competition, or more. As of December 31, 2020, China alone is the country’s main source of tax-free operating qualifications.
China is exempt, China is exempt, Japan is exempt, China is exempt, China is exempt from taxes, China is exempt from taxes, China is free from taxes, China is a foreign national, China is a foreign national, China is a foreign foreign national, China is a foreign national, China is a foreign national, China is a foreign national, China is a foreign national, China is the only country that has a full-fledged tax-exempt operator.
The South Korean government has issued tax-exempt license plates since 2013 and as many as 26 intra-city tax-exempt licences were issued in 2020, leading to a decline in the shares of Lotten and Shinro, two Korea’s tax-free flagship markets. In addition, the Lotten Foundation has experienced successive trade-offs, such as intra-group fights, Park’s bribery cases, and the Sad incident.
More than 70% of them, of which the two traditional tax-exempt megamarkets, Lotte and Niro, accounted for 35% and 30%, respectively. Tax-exempt licence plates are the biggest barriers to business in the industry, and South Korea’s additional tax-exempt license plates are still limited, despite the addition of three tax-exempt majors in 2020 and the announcement by several companies of their applications for China’s tax-exempt licences, China’s experience suggests that China is exempt.
The tax pattern has developed initially, with limited competitive pressures arising from increased licensing. The tax-exempt industry has limited competitive features and retail characteristics of tourism retailing, with a limited number of duty-free shops that can be accommodated in a single region, and has an unshakeable advantage in the core of the airport and in the middle of the off-island duty-free zone.
With the increase in South Korea’s tax-exempt license, new entrants, such as the new world, have added to the competitive pressure and made cakes for the Korea tax-free market. The number of foreign tax-free shoppers in South Korea rose rapidly from 8.776 million in 2010 to 2001.62 million in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate.
10.46 per cent of the Sade events led to a sharp drop in the number of tax-free shopping persons for foreigners during the period, but the exemption for foreigners in Korea rose from US$ 1,750 million to US$ 17,842 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 29.44 per cent. For 2010-2019, the number of duty-free shopping for Koreans still accounted for 57-69 per cent of the number of tax-free shopping for Koreans, but the share of Koreans in tax-free sales for South Koreans has increased from US$ 1,750 million to US$ 17,842 million.
In 2010, 55.33% fell rapidly to 16.31% in 2019. The key to competition, such as discounts, brands, etc., has significantly increased the attractiveness of tax-free Korean products to tourists abroad, bringing about a shift from home-based to overseas-based tourism consumption to a successful expansion of the market, with virtually no reduction in duty-free retail sales at the head of Lotten, New Lou, and so on.
The expansion covers the declining market share of the competition. 2.2 The size of the advantage reinforces the company’s dominant position, which is at the heart of raising the Māori ratio, which is expected to catch up with dufry.
The larger the scale of the sale, the easier it is to increase bargaining power over suppliers, attract brand suppliers for value-for-money, and increase overall profits by selling thinly. As a global duty-free retail pole, dufry is the largest worldwide and holds the highest single-priced European region and most of the Americas.
The Division has continued to grow in size, with operating income rising from $1,186 million to $3.425 billion, and the Māori rate, which has increased with the expansion of M&As, and the rapid expansion of tourism retailing, with a corresponding increase in Mäori rates.In 2019, China ' s Mäori rate was about $6.732 billion, with a Mäori rate of 49.55% compared to Duffry.
There is still room for improvement in the size of the free retail and the Māori rate. For a long time, this type of tax-free channel does not have to attract tourists through, for example, price reduction promotions, and Māori rates are generally higher than those in the city, but high rents at airports also result in lower net interest rates at airport duty-free shops.
The size of the airport tax exemption is often much greater than the bargaining power, and the company’s Māori ratio has gradually increased since 2017, when China came to China, while the company’s cost of sales has also risen.
After the company joined Shanghai in 2018, the Māori rate increased by 11.64 percentage points in the same year, while the net interest rate fell by 2.01 percentage points in the same year, and the expansion of the airport tax exemption alone will make it difficult to escape the traditional pattern of low and low interest rates for dufry.
The Māori rate, which complements the tax-exempt advantages of a lower cost-rate off the island, creates a triangulation matrix of airport tax-exempt expansion, tax-exempt gains, increased competitiveness of tax items on line to expand the business map, following figure 16: interim cost rates (%)
Figure 17: Māori free ratio (%) and net interest rate (%) 2.3 The supply chain is the core barrier, direct procurement shapes cost advantages.
The direct-sourcing model also ensures that upstream suppliers are not too monolithic to avoid upstream suppliers developing a higher bargaining power over companies. Total procurement by the top five suppliers of companies in 2020 was 58.4 per cent of total procurement, but the largest suppliers accounted for only 27 per cent of total corporate procurement.
Major competitors are more likely to use supplier or cooperating supplier models, more procurement links increase procurement costs, smaller competitors, such as deep-seated, sea-controlled, and more homogeneous suppliers, making it difficult to develop bargaining power over upstream suppliers, giving firms a greater competitive price advantage.
The company has set up seven logistics centres in Dalian, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Kitchen, Qingdao, Sanya, Hong Kong to cover more than 370 suppliers and nearly 1,000 brands worldwide.
The company has built a new regional logistics centre in Hainan Seagate to support the ongoing project of the Seaport International Free City and to reduce the replenishment time. With regard to online tax-free purchases and sales of taxable goods, the company has set up bonded warehouses in several customs-controlled bonded areas to store duty-free and tax-free goods directly.
The company’s storage logistics centre, which covers the entire country, enables the company to deliver goods within three to four days of receipt of the order. The economies of scale increase the company’s attractiveness to branders.
Tax-free shops in tourist shopping areas are excellent displays of luxury brands, and the owners of popular duty-free shops are more attractive to luxury brands. By 2020, companies became the largest global retailer of tourism with duty-free retailing, with a large volume and a high quality supply chain integrated after taking in duty-free days, rapidly expanding the number of brands they collaborate with.
Ten thousand, partner brands far outnumber other tax-free operators in the country. Companies have basically achieved coverage of popular brands and commodities, in terms of popular aromatics, in terms of the company’s access to a large number of international front-line brands, such as dior, Ashlande, Lancón, Altocón, and in terms of fine apparel, in terms of top luxury brands, such as Cardia, Amazé, Prada, etc.
Figure 18: Co-operative perfumed brand annasui Annasu aramisyan male
Benetton Bennetton, asepso benetton Benaton, byotherm Beio Springs.
Bottegaveneta Botega burberry bvlgari bvlgali bvlgary
Calvinklein Carvinclaire Chanel Chanel Paris suit
♪ Chloe Chloe, christiandior ♪ ♪ Clarins ♪
Clinique Couch Cochrang, dkny.
Davidoff David Dove, dolce & gabbana Dugabana.
Elizabetharden Yatton, emporiorialmani Anplio Amani, esteelauder, Schilande.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Fendi Fendi giorgioarmani Gucci Amani
Dr. Hugoboss.
John Gariano.
Jullique Juliel Kaloo Burrow, Kenzo Ki Snow.
I'm Occitane O'Shaudan I'oreal O'Real Lacoste
Lancaster Lancastine, marinade bourbon, Royal Marlena.
Marcjacobs Marck Georges' Precious Collection of Montblanc Marbles
♪ Ninaccilinarize prada Prada ralphlauren Loren ♪
Heathley, she's beautiful.
Tommy Tommy Toustoss Bear valentino Valentino.
Verawang Vivi versace van Sage, ysl St. Roland.
Benefit Princess Belling, Zegnagenia.
"Benetton Benaton, Annasui Annasu, asepso."
Bretherm Beyos Springs borghese burberry breberry brebli
Chanel Chanel, Chloe Chloe, christiandior Dio.
Clarins hymn. Clinique dove Dolphin.
Elizabetharden Yatton, escada, esteelauder, esteelaude.
Gorgioarmani, goodskinlabs h2o + Mercury
Herlena, jurlice, kenzo.
I'm occitane O'Real O'Real
Lamer Sea Blue Enigma Lancaster Lancaster Lancome Lancome Rancor
laneigeld, mamonde, meisholu.
The lileauxaromes, pond's sekkisei.
Sisiley Heathley, shouuemura's village show, skiiskinfood.
Sulwhasoo Snowflake show timotei integrates membership and sales channels with a huge customer base.
After obtaining a large membership base, by 2018, 2019 and the end of 2020, the number of registered members of the company had reached 400,000, 1.2 million and 12 million, respectively, with an annual compound growth rate of 54.7 per cent.
The combined system created online marketing platforms and micro-credit programs such as the China-China Rabbit-Japan Brigade, cdf-based membership, and is expected to increase the ability of customers to negotiate upstream. Global duty-free retailing contracted during the epidemic, leading to a decline in retail sales by major brands, and China’s duty-free market rose rapidly with a tax-free New Deal off the island.
The share of the field declined from year to year in Asia and the non-Japan region, with the share of lvmh perfumed products collected in 2018, 2019, and 2020 in Asia and the Pacific and Japan as 35%, 40%, and 45% respectively. The Asia-Pacific camp also grew gradually, with the Asia-Pacific region receiving 24.08% in 2019, 2020, and 2021 respectively.
The company, which accounts for 22.6% of global duty-free retail sales in 2020, or 92.3% of the domestic duty-free retail market, replaces Dufry as the world’s largest duty-free retailer, and expects that its bargaining power over major brands will continue to grow as the Asian market rises. At the same time, companies have integrated the supply channels of their subsidiaries in Shanghai, Japan.
With the inclusion of Shanghai and Shanghai, the company ' s further size is expected to increase its bargaining power with suppliers, increase the speed and reduce the cost of hot sku replenishments.
3.1 Duty-free access to the main airports in the country has yet to be restored. After the company’s acquisition of China, Shanghai, Japan, the country’s main airports, such as Beijing Springfield, Capital Airport, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge, Pudong International Airport, Guangzhou Bai Yun Airport, etc.
In 2019, Hong Kong and Macao international airports received 10.1 million passengers in North Tokyo, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, 7.61 million in Shenzhen, 73.3 million in Hong Kong, 52.93 million in three airports and more than 50% in 2019.
By the end of 2020, the company had a licence to operate nine of the top 10 airports in China and operated 126 duty-free shops nationwide, of which 60 were airport duty-free shops, which, according to Frost Sullivan data, were operated by the company.
The number of tourists exceeded 2.5 billion, duty-free retailing at company ports accounted for 69.7 per cent of duty-free retail sales at domestic ports, and duty-free ports were at the heart of the company ' s expansion of the tax-free scope.
Prior to the outbreak in 2020, the rent of the airport tax-free shop was mainly based on a base-plus model, charged at a higher rate, and the ratio of the leading airport agreements, such as those in the middle and in the duffry sector, generally ranged from 40% to 50%. The contract with Shanghai Rainbow Bridge and Pudong International Airport was avoided in mid-2018, with seven years of rent at Shanghai Rainbow Bridge.
In mid-2019, a supplementary agreement was signed at Shanghai East International Airport, amending the rental agreement to: (a) when the actual international passenger flow averaged 80% in the month of 2019, the “collected monthly fee” was increased by “actual monthly sales”.
(ii) “Monthly collected” is charged on the basis of “per capita contribution”, “monthly actual international passenger flow” and includes such reconciliation indicators as “passenger flow adjustment factor”, “area adjustment factor”, etc. (2) This month's actual international passenger flow > 80 per cent of actual international passenger flow by the month of 2019, the monthly collection fee is charged on the basis of “monthly bottom sales” and “monthly bottom sales” is charged on the basis of “monthly bottom sales”.
The agreement breaks the traditional “downside safe, up top” pattern of airport tax-exempt contracts, and is expected to significantly reduce company costs and strengthen company performance during the epidemic. As the global epidemic continues, international passenger traffic at airports continues to suffer.
The giants of Capricorn and Niro began to give up part of the airport tax-free business, and the future model of the airport’s tax-free sharing is expected to change in part, giving free operators more room for survival. Ports’ listings speed up the Asian airport’s tax-free layout.
It shows that some of the funds raised or used for the acquisition of overseas tourism retailers are locally laid out through tax-free operators in hot tourist areas in the countries where the mergers and acquisitions are made, and the potential for tax-free consumption is captured. In global markets, the international market is important.
Tax-free business rights, while duty-free commerce in Asia, as the largest duty-free market, and in emerging hot tourist areas such as South-East Asia, is still imperfect, companies are expected to deepen their cooperation with international capital and global duty-free retail taps through stock listings in ports and accelerate the deployment of duty-free markets at Asian airports.
3.2 Free Gold Track 3.2.1 The Free New Deal for the Free Outer Islands strongly supports the free off-island New Deal, which gradually eases the restrictions on shopping.
In 2012, 2015, 2016, 2018, and 2020, the exemption policy went through five major adjustments, which made it easier for consumers by increasing the tax-free quota, number of times, type of goods, and withdrawals, which were added to Hainan’s attraction of tourists. In 2012, Hainan’s tax-free shopping line was raised from $5,000 to $8,000, and the age limit was relaxed.
3 additional categories of duty-free goods over 16 years of age; 11 more hot items such as perfume, cosmetics, etc. were liberalized in 2015; 17 additional types of duty-free goods were purchased; and in 2016, the limit on the number of passenger purchases was lifted and the tax-free amount increased to $16,000: in 2018, the tax-free amount was further extended to $30,000: in 2020, duty-free New Deal off the island, duty-free shopping line
Increase to $100,000 and elimination of the tax-free limit of $8,000 for single items, addition of seven categories of commodities, including mobile phones, tablets, and increase in the number of single purchases of cosmetics from 12 to 30.
3.2.2 The construction of the Hainan Freeport will contribute to the long-term development of tourism consumption in Hainan, which will initially become an international tourism consumption centre by 2025. The Hainan Province Implementation Programme for the Construction of an International Tourism Consumer Centre, the Hainan Free Port Construction General Programme, Central Document 12, etc., will be proposed by Hainan Island as the initial international brigade.
The aim is to build Hainan into an internationally known pseudo-hospital, conservatoire, shopping malls, and exhibition highlands in 2025. The measures include a more open and tax-free off-island policy, healthy tourism consumption, and so on.
The establishment of an international tourism consumption centre is expected to contribute to the growth of tourism and tourism consumption in Hainan, and the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port will have a long-term impact on tourism consumption in Hainan.
The Master Plan and the Hainan Free Trade Ports Act will gradually promote free trade facilitation, free investment facilitation, tax exemptions to attract investment, and industrial development and talent support, as well as a gradual expansion of the policy of exemption from signature in order to attract more tourists to tourism and consumption.
The development of modern services, high-technology industries, and the introduction of a 15% preferential tax rate to encourage high-end talent to attract high-income groups to Hainan, moving from short-term tourism consumption back south to promoting rapid growth in long-term sea-south consumption. The construction of the South China Trade Port is expected to make Hainan a new Asian trading centre, tourist-consuming centre, attracting tourists.
Visitors travel to Hainan to facilitate the transition from duty-free to duty-free consumption by tourists outside China. The initial establishment of a free trade port system based on free trade facilitation and investment facilitation will take place by 2025, and the free movement of cross-border financial flows, access to and from the island will be facilitated by 2035.
According to the experience of high-level free trade ports in Asia, such as Hong Kong and Singapore, the initial establishment of the International Tourism Consumer Centre and the Free Trade Port in Hainan is expected to continue to attract investment trade and high-end companies, talent, and to raise domestic consumption levels in Hainan with the dividends of the policy regime.
Seanan is expected to become a global centre for duty-free consumption. Tax exemption is one of the most important measures in the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port.
As a result, global duty-free and tourism retail sales will reach $35.1 billion in 2020, a decrease of 59.4 per cent compared with the previous year, while Hainan ' s tax-free sales in 2020 amounted to approximately $27.480 billion, an increase of 103.68 per cent compared to the previous year, making Hainan the largest duty-free market in the world.
The Hainan Free Trade Port project states that China is expected to replace South Korea in the long term by fully establishing a free trade port with high international influence by the middle of the century, with a new deal of duty-free access to the island to attract returns in consumption and investment in the construction of a free-trade port.
According to the State Department’s General Program for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, preferential tax rates will be applied to enterprises that operate in the Hainan Free Trade Port. According to the company announcement, they will be exempted from the group.
There is still room for an increase in the duty-free penetration rate from 1 January 2020, when six duty-free subsidiaries are entitled to a 15% tax rate on corporate income tax. In terms of the duty-free penetration rate after spring 2020, duty-free penetration is generally higher than during the same period before the outbreak, indicating that duty-free shopping is attractive and remains attractive during the epidemic.
After the New Deal Free of the Island in 2020, the number of overnight visitors in Hainan Province went beyond pre-infection levels, but the rate of duty-free penetration in the island did not rise or fall, mainly because the domestic epidemic was largely under control in the second half of 2020, the tourism industry recovered rapidly, and the family-based tour resumed, bringing the rate of duty-free penetration in Hainan Island back to real water.
Parity. The spread of the epidemic at the beginning of 2021, combined with the effects of the end of the year, kept the number of overnight tourists in Hainan Province at low season levels, while the rate of duty-free penetration from the island was successful at 10 per cent and reached about 14 per cent in March-May 2021, with a smoother season. Figure 23: Number of overnight visitors in Hainan Province (thousand)
Figure 24: Duty-free penetration of off-islands before and after the epidemic (%) There is still much room for increased penetration of off-island duty-free shopping. In our view, residential tourism often does not often choose the same destination, and therefore the sea is limited in volume and has a greater potential to sustain steady growth, with a focus on the stock of tourists
As of June 2021, the multi-distribution epidemic in the country affected the number of duty-free shopping points and penetration rates in the island of Hainan, amounting to 568,000 and 12.4 per cent, respectively, taking into account that the majority of tourists in Hainan travel in households, while the actual number of purchases under the tax-free system tends to be one person per family unit, we assume that the average is 2.5.
For one unit, the duty-free penetration rate is up to 40%, which is still close to two points away from the duty-free market. From duty-free unit prices, after duty-free New Deal in 2020, the average rate of exemption is approximately $6878.41, an increase of 96.14% from 2019 levels, and after the New Deal.
The number of duty-free purchases from the island was 1.91 million in 2020, a decline of 60.36 per cent in the same year, the number of duty-free purchases from the island was $27.478 billion, an increase of 103.66 per cent in the same year, and the value of duty-free access from the New Deal was significant for the island. According to the number of overnight visitors in Hainan Province in 2019, 6.6809 million, the average unit price of $6878.41 and the 14 per cent tax-free penetration.
The pass rate calculates that, after control of the epidemic, the exemption from duty on the island amounts to at least $6,433.6 million. With the gradual increase in tax-exempt penetration and the steady increase in the price of the passenger unit as consumption rises, there is a large space for the off-island duty-free market. 3.2.4 Construction of the tourism retail complex
There are currently three duty-free stores in Hainan Island, of which there are six duty-free shops, the remaining four have been added to the New Deal-Free Out of the Island, each with a major retail tourism share of the International Free City of Sanya, which is located in Hainan under the 14th Five-Fifteen Plan.
One of the seven provincial cultural tourism parks, the Sanya Bay National Coast Leisure Industry Park, was built with 120,000 square metres of building space, with 6.5 million visitors in 2020, generating an income of $21,354 million, the largest retail tourism complex in Hainan.
The company invested about $5 billion in the Seagate International Free City project, which operates about 150,000 square metres and is expected to be operational in 2022, and is expected to replicate the success of the Sanya International Free City.
At the port of the new port of Haiguchi, 62.47% of tourists leave the island via railway stations and port terminals, the only tourist outlet in the province to travel to Hainan.
In 2018, the number of passenger traffics at the sea port reached 1.0433 million, with a total traffic of 2,592,000. The railway station at the sea port is within the range of 5 km of radiation from the project, while the airport at Merland Sea, which also operates a tax-free shop, is more than 35 miles from the port at the sea port.
The main off-island route for the tourist community in Haiguchi has a significant advantage in terms of the number of visitors.
3.3 Within-country tax-exempt policies are expected to accelerate tax-exemption potential in the city. Korea, with its tax-exempt market in the city, has occupied the largest duty-free market in the world for many years, with its tax-exempt share of the overall tax-exempt amount exceeding 80 per cent, and in 2019 Koreans had 2,842.7 million local tax-free shop shopping.
The country’s tax-free shopping penetration rate is 54.90%, or 58.68% of the country’s tax-free shopping, but Koreans are tax-free in Korea, accounting for only 16.31% of the country’s tax-free purchases, and foreigners are gradually becoming the main consumer of the country’s tax-free consumption. Among foreign Koreans, Chinese tourists and surrogates account for about 35%, but Chinese tax-free consumption in Korea accounts for South Korea’s tax-free retail sales.
Over 70%, in fact, Chinese tourists are the main source of duty-free consumption worldwide. China’s number of tourists to South Korea has declined significantly since the Sade incident, and the South Korean tax-free quota limits have led to a major outflow of tax-free consumption by sub-purchase companies, which are expected to be restored after the return of the exit trip, as our counter-purchase policy has gradually intensified and the tax-free policies within the city have gradually improved.
According to Frost Sullivan, the size of our duty-free shop market in 2019 was about $300 million, representing about 0.60% of the country’s tax-free market, and there is much room for improvement over the tax-free penetration rate in South Korea. The city’s tax-exempt policy is yet to come.
The document states that the tax-exempt policies in the city will be improved. On 28 February 2020, 23 departments, such as the National Development and Reform Commission, issued an Operational Opinion on the Promotion of Consumer Inclusion and the Accelerated Creation of a Strong Domestic Market, which states that the State aims to build a tax-free system for China’s special features, strengthen top-level design, remove obstacles to industrial development, and improve the quality and quality of industrial development.
Intra-city tax-free shop policy, a number of duty-free shops are built in China’s special cities.
Intra-city duty-free shops are expected to complement the airport’s tax-free deficit and create a complete tax-free environment.
Purchases are made before boarding, usually with tight shopping hours for tourists, limited choice of goods, and limited internal space at the airport, so the goods at the port duty-free shop are dominated by small, popular single items, such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc. The shopping space, quantity of goods and location in the city’s duty-free stores are often tied to large shopping centres, providing facilities far beyond the airport duty-free shops and during shopping.
On the whole, duty-free shops in the city are more conducive to freeing up the demand for shopping and greater market space. Tax-free shops in the city compete with airport duty-free shops, prices, brand names, popular goods, etc., for consumption of luxury goods outside the country, have an incomparable convenience compared to airport exemptions, and the needs of the target customers are well covered compared to the exemption from the island, and are exempted from the city.
In the long run, tax exemptions and airport exemptions are expected to complement the benefits of different consumption scenarios, creating a complete tax-free environment. The company released tax exemptions in the city earlier.
As early as 1990, the company opened its first municipal tax-free shop in Beijing. By the end of 2020, the company had resumed its operations in Beijing, Shanghai, Xiamen, Dalian, and Beijing.
Qingdao's expatriates leave duty-free shops in the city and operate four duty-free shops in Hong Kong and Cambodia. Companies continue to do duty-free duty-free duty-free duty-free duty-free duty-free duty-free duty-free in the city. According to duty-free retail experts, the parent company, China Tourist Group, plans to invest $13.6 billion in a duty-free business complex at the North Station in Guangzhou, and will be transferred to the China Free Group to explore the Great Bay.
In addition, it is expected that the company’s intra-city duty-free shops in Wuhan, Chengdu, etc. will expand their distribution channels on 3.4 line in the course of the year, and that the company’s retail operations on line 3.4.1 will contribute to an increase in tax sales.
In February, the online sales platform was launched, and a model of online repurchases, online bookings, and cross-border power providers has been set up to expand low-cost online retail operations. Not only do you support off-island-recorded and unused duty-free travellers online, but it also allows off-island passengers to buy goods earlier online, reducing the time spent in shops to reduce the risk of contagion.
There is still the potential to integrate online retail channels. After the launch of online retail channels in 2020, Shanghai, cdf, cdf, Guangzhou, cdf, Beijing, Sea Free Markets, etc.
Cdf buys Beijing and cdf members for a cross-border electric model, and cdf buys China for back-up.
On September 16th, the company initially integrated multiple channels and supply chains, connecting Japanese travel and cdf members, and renaming the travel purchase platform as China Free travel, supporting duty-free line booking, straight-to-home shopping, and so on. As the company’s collaboration between Shanghai, Shanghai, and Sanya City stores and China Free-to-Japan technology progresses, the company’s future lines are multiple.
On-line sales are expected to increase gradually. On-line retail sales are expected to expand in the short term to further mitigate the effects of recurring outbreaks.
By October 24, 2021, only 37.24 vaccinations per 100 people had been fully vaccinated globally, taking into account the current rate of vaccinations and the intensification of vaccinations in major countries around the world, the global epidemic is expected to continue to reach 80% coverage by the end of 2022, resulting in higher levels of immunization for the population. However, the epidemic continues to be repeated abroad, and the country remains home.
In the medium term, it will prevent future tariffs from reducing risks. The government has reduced tariffs on and increased imports of a wide range of civilian goods since 2015.
Value taxes, such as a 15% reduction in cosmetic import fees in 2016 and a general taxpayer value added tax in 2019. As the tax falls, the price advantage of tax exemptions vis-à-vis cabinets and the positive advantage of other cross-border power suppliers will be eroded, and given the cost of leaving the island or leaving the island for tax exemptions, it will remain significant for the larger and richer households.
The burden, given the medium- and long-term dimensions of duty-free goods, is unlikely to create a clear advantage for cross-border power suppliers when added to tourism spending. The distribution model of cross-border power providers is expected to help companies to divide up markets and expand them further by obtaining large numbers of off-island/departure tourism consumers through online retailing.
In the long term, the new retailing trend has been met. The z generation, as a future luxury consumer, has become more accustomed to online consumption.
From about 33%, 31%, and 31%, the z generation is also more likely to buy luxury goods online. The new crown epidemic has accelerated the process of this digital consumption, increasing the share of China ' s luxury consumption in 2020 by 10 to 23% over the same period in 2019, while China ' s duty-free merchandise line is selling about 55% of total duty-free sales.
Moving from a shopping platform to a marketing platform, as the share of luxury information from online sources rises, cross-border power suppliers will gradually become part of the corporate brand image, with the AFT off-line duty-free retail outlets. Maintain a “recommended” investment rating.
Full vaccination coverage is expected to be over 80% before the season begins, and tourism confidence is gradually returning. Over the long term, travel rehabilitation trends are not changing, consumption escalation + consumption returns are expected to lead to sustained growth in tourism consumption, companies benefit from duty-free off-island New Deal and the construction of the Hainan Freeport, and are expected to build on duty-free and duty-free city layouts.
In 2021/2022, pss are expected to take the lead in duty-free retailing globally. They are expected to be $5.74 and $7.83, respectively, and increased competition in the corresponding pe market has led to a decline in corporate profitability, new projects have advanced below expectations, the Hainan International Free Trade Port and the Fee Center have not been built as expected, the epidemic has suffocated the willingness to travel, and the vaccination rate for the new crown has not risen as much as expected, at the macro level.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to offer securities investment advice, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.