Automobile i by car iii is a robust joint venture, with performance growth in line with expectations. Of this, 2001.24 million won in the second quarter, an increase of 20.48 per cent over the same period; net repatriation was achieved
The profits of $7,697 million, an increase of 8.02 per cent over the same period. Corporate performance continued to grow steadily in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of: (a) the high sales of autonomous branded vehicles, represented by rx5, which led to an improvement in auto-autonomous performance; and (b) the increased profitability of the joint venture brand, which contributed to a steady investment gain.
In the first half of 17 years, 23.36 million auto props were sold, representing an increase of 112.99 per cent. The high increase in the sale of autonomous brands was due to the booming sale of many new cars.
In the range of 1.5-18 million vehicles; in the first half of 17 years, a follow-up of autonomous brands was launched, and the top two products were conceptually linked to rx5 and continued the essence of the rx5 high-value, high-flair and smart web connection, with a monthly sale of about 6,000 vehicles. In the second half of the year, auto autonomy will also be launched.
And Eunweirx3 (small suv), the product structure will be further refined. At the same time, the installation of the vehicle vehicle and the launch of the Chengzhou base in July will release 300,000 vehicles of annual capacity.
In the second half of the year, it is expected to accelerate growth and hit the target of 600,000 vehicles. The joint brand has entered the new cycle, and the product structure optimizes profitability.
In the new cycle of cars, businesses have become more profitable, with the major suv areas being the focus of their efforts, with the introduction of the product lines of Vision I, Leon, and Skodak Diyak, and the completion of the product lines; The three brands under the general flag of the uppers, Cadillacs.
In the first half of 17 years, the general public and the general public have returned.
The net profit of the mother is $13,167 million and $9,357 million, contributing $6,584 million to the upper gas group, respectively (with the upper gas group: a robust joint venture for autonomous thermal sales, low sales in July, an increase to the "new quadrant" and a strategic future. The upper gas group raised $15 billion in additional funds.
Upward group: Elephant dances, creative energy car development, layout around the four main strategies of “Electrification, Internet connectivity, intelligentization and sharing”, with funds directed to four types of ten projects, such as new energy cars, smart driving, car networking, and car financial services.
The upper-mortality group: Autonomous and joint ventures on new models are promising breakthroughs in both products and technologies. In the future, through the continued expansion of the “new quadrupling” strategy, companies are expected to build up technological advantages in the cutting edge of new energy, smart networks, and car sharing, and to consolidate industry leaders.
8.02%. Corporate performance in the first half of the year continued to grow robustly, mainly because: (1) the high sales of the autonomous brand model, represented by rx5, led to a significant reduction in auto autonomy; and (2) the increased profitability of the joint venture brand and the new car cycle, resulting in a steady return on investment.
(i) A positive trend in the Māori rate, with a slight decline in net interest rates, as a result of an increase in the Māori share of new models with a higher Māori rate over the last two years, from 10.88 per cent (ii) of 2q15 to positive net operating cash flows
In the first half of 17 years, the company ' s three rates together amounted to 10.58 per cent, an increase of 0.64 percentage points over the same period in the previous year. In the single-season data for the three rates, the company ' s sales rates fluctuated considerably due to mid-year variations in sales promotions, transportation costs and three packages of fees, and the management costs fluctuated slightly with the impact of staff salaries, research and development costs, etc.
Billion dollars, which is positive over the same period of 16 years, also shows the company's ability to continue to return to good cash flow.
In the first half of 17 years, there were 2,236,000 auto-owned brands sold, representing an increase of 112.99 per cent. The high increase in the sale of auto-owned brands stemmed from the best sale of multiple new cars.
In the second half of the year, it will also be launched with 8 or 7 suv) and 3 (small suv) products.
At the same time, the upper-air vehicle base in Chengzhou was officially operational in July, and 300,000 annualized vehicles will be released. The “Golden X” car consumes a high-season and new-yielding energy release, with an expected acceleration in the second half of the year’s auto sales and an impact on the target of 600,000 vehicles throughout the year.
In the first half of 17 years, the upper-mortality joint venture was launched and the upper-mortality joint venture became more profitable.
Product lines; three brands under the general flag of upper steam, Cadillac (second-line luxury car leader, main-power car-type national product) Buick (medium-class car to upgrade), Chevrolet (new product explorer to roll back) continuously improve product structure and model replacement speed. In the first half of 17 years, the general public and upper gas achieved net return profit of $13,167 million and $9,357 million, respectively.
Net profits from the upper gas group were $6,584 million (+11.31 per cent for the same year) and $4,772 million (+8.06 per cent for the same year). Joint venture profits are up and are expected to sustain firm corporate performance throughout the year. (iii) An increase of $15 billion is set for “new quadrupling” and strategic futures.
In the first half of the year, the company made a breakthrough in products and technologies in the “dividualization” areas. In the future, it continued to build on its strategy of “new quadrupling” through a series of four types of projects: new energy vehicles, smart driving, car-networking, and automobile financial services.
Companies are expected to build up technological advantages in such cutting-edge areas as new energy sources, smart grid connections, automobile sharing, and further consolidate industry leaders in the field of electricization, where the company introduced power-infused erx5, power-in-power erx5 and power-infused ei6 in the first half of the year, leading to further increases in the sale of its own brand names; and new energy technologies such as the exclusive structure of electric vehicles, advanced power cells and battery management systems are being synchronized.
In the area of networking, the company initiated the development of the yunos system upgrade, and, in conjunction with the luminous “light wings” concept vehicle, began the planning of the 2.0 product for the Internet car. In the area of intelligence, the company accelerated the development of key smart driving technologies, and developed a smart driving evaluation in collaboration with the University of Unity.
The first phase of the base project has been completed and is now in operation. In the area of sharing, the company, by integrating the new energy-sharing area of the Global CarAccord by integrating e-Tiancai and evcard, has created a new energy-sharing area for the Global CarAccord. As of January 2017, the number of users had exceeded 250,000, and the cumulative number of orders had passed 1.2 million, making it a bigger China.
In 2017, the Global Car Entitlements scheme was extended to 50 cities across the country, and the number of vehicles that will operate will reach figure 7: Number of cities in which the Global Cars will be deployed, figure 8: Number of vehicles in which the Global Cars will operate.
Domestic vehicle sales are increasing at a slower rate than expected; corporate ownership and the promotion of new joint ventures are not increasing as expected.