The company has recently received from the Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China a copy of the report of the Ministry of Commerce Operators of the Ministry of Commerce.
“In accordance with Article 25 of the Antimonopoly Law of the People's Republic of China
It has been decided, following a preliminary review, that no further review will be carried out in connection with the acquisition by Eastern Electric Co. Ltd. of a portion of the operations of the East China Electricity and Gas Group Ltd..” Since then, the company's share purchase of assets has been approved by the Banking Commission, the Securities Commission and the Department of Commerce, respectively, and has been approved by the State Council.
The decrease, with a lower quality assurance fee in proportion to operating income, combined with a larger base for raising quality assurance fees for wind and power products in the previous year, is larger than in the previous year. At the same time, the increase in the collection of accounts receivable has resulted in a reduction of 698 million yuan in bad debt losses compared to the previous year.
This year marks the sixtieth anniversary of the founding of Eastern Electric, where the company is pushing for “second entrepreneurship” and six power lines. In 2017, the company’s share of the market for large and medium-sized electric power was more than 40%; the electricity and water market was occupied.
Over 50 per cent, the winning bid for Long Mountain 4x350mw, Fonning II, Hydraulic 4x300mw pumping power projects consolidated the market advantage for pumping water energy; the share of the nuclear power market rose steadily and received the only tg package contract on the annual nuclear power market: gas power, f-coated market.
The rate reached 40 per cent; the wind and wind winning Tang Group 1010mw boxing quota; the services industry, with a new entry order of $3 billion, successfully entered into the field of photovoltaic power generation, with a contract for a concentration heat system and a steam generator for the dam 50mw light thermal power generation project.
After nine years of construction, the unit is moving well. As three generations of nuclear power matures, the process of nuclear power reboot is expected.
The company’s technological leadership in the field of nuclear power is significant, and the nuclear power semi-velocity, with its end-stage leaf function at 1651 mm, is internationally advanced, fully benefiting from nuclear power development. The industry is also in the lowest position.
Nuclear power is not reboot as expected, overseas operations are not expanding as expected, and the wind power industry is not recovering as expected.
Summer and fall: Master of Economics, Texas & University, USA, joined the Department of Securities and Investment Banks of Huambo in February 2015 as project manager, August 2016 added to the Institute ' s sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.