Power growth + financial cost pressure-down drive performance of 25q1 increased on a year-on-year basis - Yangtze Power Annual Report 2024 & First Quarterly Report 2025
In the year of pottery, affected by water overflows, the total electricity generated by the six ladder stations in the company was approximately 29,594 million kyats/mwh or 1.51%. The Māori rate for the volume-driven power generation operations of the company was 62.5%, compared to the same rate.
Leung Yonan, 25q1 power increases, electricity prices are reduced, and financial costs continue to fall. 25q1, Utunde, and three gorge reservoirs are 12.50% and 11.56%, respectively, larger than the same period in the previous year.
Although changes in the power structure of 25q1 have had a positive effect on the price of electricity, with U. White Creek generating +1.32 pct per year of four power stations, overall, we expect that the impact of the lower market price of electricity in Guangdong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, etc. over 25 years will be more limited on the price of electricity delivered out of the company.
25q1, the company incurs a financial cost of 2,481 million yuan, or 13.1% of the year, and contributes more to performance growth than the rate of 25e dividends and the ten-year rate of return on public debt since 2020, with the value of the company’s configuration. For the year 2025, according to the company’s business plan, the total amount of water coming from the Utunde reservoir is not less than 125 billion.
With a total of not less than 430 billion cubic metres of water coming from three gorge reservoirs, and when the distribution of water during the year is favourable to electricity, the company’s six ladder stations strive to achieve an annual power generation of 300 billion kWh, corresponding to an increase of 4.1 billion kWh.
Part of the plant has been depreciated, and we've been positive about the company's performance for the entire 25-year period.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The report is provided to its customers by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.