Non-financial firm stocktaking report • Overall performance was lower than expected by prudent financial costs on schedule Investment rating: buy-in (maintained)
Events: The company published its annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025. In 2024, the company achieved a net profit of $32,496 million for its mother, and in Liu Xiaoning, the total electricity generated in the fourth quarter was about 60.9 billion kWh, a decrease of 17.60% compared to the same period the previous year.
In the fourth quarter, Utungde, White Crane Beach, River Rover, dam to home, tri-gorges, Goeon Dam (in descending order) produced a similar amount of electricity, which fell significantly less than the lower-priced tri-gogs and Goeju Dams, which are expected to be in water from natural sources and companies in different power stations.
In the first quarter of 2025, a total of 57,679 million kWh was achieved, an increase over the same period in the previous year, which was still a significant reason for the high rate of growth in the company’s performance in the first quarter of 2025. The financial cost fell more than anticipated, and the return on investment increased steadily.
But in the interest-rate-down cycle, corporate cash flows continue to be “big and big” with debt swaps of $7.33, with annual dividends accounting for 71% of the net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies. The long-term configuration value of utilities is reiterated: scarcity stabilizes assets over time, and increases in options in high-volatility markets.
Here, the whole of our hydropower plate is on the verge of an acceleration round, which we believe cannot be attributed solely to the decline in risk-free yields, but more importantly, to the re-evaluation of the “low-collaborative margin” assets represented by hydropower in the context of the overall high volatility of capital markets, that is to say, to the macroeconomics themselves, but to the volatile re-pricing of hydropower because of its relatively strong business model.
At this point in time, we emphasize that investment machines for hydropower do not have the potential to grow, and are not high-frequency water data, and that, because of the highly planned construction of water and electricity, there will be little narrative change, which is already fully priced in the stock price.
The stability of the hydropower business model and the policy environment is the best result, and any change can lead to a discount rate going up, positive or negative; the second is the overall volatility of the capital market, which is equivalent to the opportunity cost of the hydroelectric unit.
With each share of net assets (dollars/units), the market has re-evaluated its performance stability, the value of cash flow, and the business model behind it on several occasions. We believe that prior re-evaluation has not yet been completed, continues to value the company in the long term, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.