Financial costs have fallen year after year, with an orderly push for the “saving + new energy” Yangtze Power Annual Report 2024 (6009000) and the first quarter of 2025. The company generated a record high amount of electricity in 2024. In 2024, six river basin ladders were located within the company.
The power plant generated a record high of 29,599.04 million kilowatt-hours, and the company managed to overcome the effects of the "suffering stale st 03,40,52200501 turn", and the scientific development of the "six-bureau" increased the electricity generated by the ladder power station by 196.41 on average.
The company’s financial costs have fallen on a year-on-year basis. The company continues to exploit its credit advantages, using financing tools and channels, and it has taken a step forward in an orderly manner in “saving + new energy”. In terms of savings, the company’s savings management centre, Zhejiang.
The establishment of the Technical Power Production Unit, the completion of the restructuring and construction of the Hunanchi County project; the administrative clearance of the Gansu Zhang project for water collection, the successful integration of the 100,000 kilowatts of PV project in Gansugan State, the company's first “consumption plus new energy” base, the speed of construction; and the overall commissioning of the Vianlong Mountain pumping station, the pipeline.
With regard to new energy, the company has taken over 25 stations under the new energy base, with a total installed capacity of more than 3 million kW, and the first 23 photovoltaic projects on the Yunnan side are fully operational; the company is conducting a study on new energy access and transmission programmes under the gold.
A breakthrough was made in the renovation of the right-hand bank switch. 2025q1 power generation increased on a year-on-year basis. Total water coming from the utungsund reservoirs was approximately 16.705 billion cubic metres, or 12.50 per cent more than the previous; total water coming from the three gorges was about 55.519 billion cubic metres, or the same amount.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.