4 quarter performance improvement is evident, and overseas operations are showing significant performance — 2024 Report Performance Reviews, China General (stock code: 6880009.sh)
Incident: Corporate disclosure 2024. Companies achieved 32.644 billion yuan in revenue in 2024, a significant improvement in their performance in the first quarter of the year compared with the fall in q4. The company experienced a decline in revenue from the urban track and a strategic contraction in the general contracting of engineering operations throughout the year, but 24q3 company performances gradually improved and 24q4 companies returned.
: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Wang Xia has continued to raise the level of profitability.
In 24 years, the company combined Māori rate was 29.22%, compared to 3.60 pct, with a significant increase in the Māori rate for urban and overseas operations, compared to 6.64 pct/+6.10 pct, respectively; the demand for domestic track insurance is expected to be released and the overseas market continues to expand.
During the construction period, it is expected that over the next five years there will be 10,000 km of high-speed control systems in the renovation cycle; that the city track will be added, that the mileage will be smooth, that the need for signal system upgrades will be released gradually, and that the company city of the urban-track signal system will take the lead and will benefit from market growth. With regard to overseas markets, the company’s business layout and capacity will improve.
As a result, over 24 years, new contracts worth $5.919 billion, or +58.27%, have been signed to cover a number of major engineering projects in Brazil, including Saint Paul, Guinea, and Egypt. Currently, the infrastructure of the global rail transition is still at a high level, with companies leading in terms of product and technology, and overseas operations are expected to remain good.
Low-altitude economic operations accelerate the layout and nurture new business growth poles. The company focuses on the development of the “orbital traffic + low-altitude” two-track, extending intelligent control technology to the low-altitude economy, fostering low-altitude airspace control, drone manufacturing, service operations, and accelerating the construction of a “triple industry” of the low-altitude economy.
For the second year in a row, the low-altitude economy has been included in the Government’s report on its work, and the Ministry of Industry and Communications and others have published an article on the implementation of innovative applications for general aviation equipment.
The low-altitude economy is open and companies are expected to benefit fully by 2030.
The net profit growth rate has been positive in three quarters alone, and the profitability of the company [Galaxy] has increased.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.