Events: On 19 October 2017, C.N.S. launched its third quarterly report for 17 years, and in the first three quarters of 2017, the company achieved $3.387 billion in operating income, which was higher than in the previous quarter (002230.sz).
\triangleright, an increase of 174.08% over the same period. Three seasons of revenue and profits have grown faster and faster than the previous two quarters, although some of the lower base figures for the same period last year also reflect a positive trend in corporate performance.
Yuan Haiwoo Research Assistant \triangleright 84.93% decrease due mainly to higher cash outflows from operating activities as a result of strategic inputs.
The increase in pre-purpose inputs and the increase in the level of remuneration of personnel was $968 million in cash payments compared to the same period in the previous year. In terms of cash inflows, the cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services in the previous three quarters amounted to $2.797 billion, an increase of 45.54 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, and the rate of increase was comparable to the rate of growth in the previous three quarters. We recognize that the net cash flows in the first three quarters were partly seasonal in nature and that increased investment in research and development, markets, etc. would result in cash flows and net gains in the short term.
In the long run, however, the company will be able to consolidate its competitiveness, thus providing a strong support for future performance growth.
Risk factors: business innovation risk: human resources risk.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Tianjin, Beijing University Institute for National Development Research,ba, used to be a powerful 500-year-old American company, Nokia, Finland, for mobile phone research and laboratory management. In 2015, he joined the Sinda securities industry for computer research. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.