Business applications continue to fall, short-term performance is under pressure, companies issue three quarterly reports, and higher R & D and sales costs keep under pressure.
The company published three quarterly reports in 2017, and in the first three quarters it achieved total operating income of $3.39 billion, an increase of 58 per cent over the previous three quarters. The net profit attributable to the parent company was $169 million, a decrease of 39 per cent over the same period.
The profit increased by 4.18% over the year. The deduction of the non-net profit of $122 million increased by 35% over the year. Management fees increased by 61% over the year, and sales costs increased by 68% over the same year. In addition, the company’s advance payments, receivables, and 43%, and the company’s revenue sustainability were better guaranteed.
One hundred and eighty million yuan, an increase of 89 per cent in the same year, and 61.34 million net returns to mothers, an increase of 174 per cent in the same year. Continued deep-farming core technology, i.e., a university's contribution to the development of the ai biosphere.
Medical images recognize the difficulty of data acquisition and data labelling, corporate artificial intelligence aids, total equity/flow (millions of shares) Clinical systems have studied nearly a million medical images, 2 million de-labelling real electricity.
In September, the company went to the University of WikiLeaks to attract the entire market value/flow (million yuan) and the developers joined forces to build the Tsai Ecoosphere.
12 months of maximum/minimum ($) leadership in education, accelerated progress on each track, company commercialization projects, accelerated progress on each track: in education, intelligent campus continues.
The core technology continues to be in the lead, with applications from all sectors.
Rapid Growth - 2017/08/09 Officially unveiled, currently provides a ai-aided clinic service to 41 county hospitals at the county level.
On the legal front, the company ' s smart inspection product, with smart voice technology at its core, has covered the HJPC ' s continuing lead. - 2016/08/23 and more than 100 prosecutors ' offices in 18 provinces of the country; the Supreme Prosecutor initiated the creation of the Smart Inspection.
The new institute, with a strategic cooperation agreement signed by the company, the People's Congress and the Space Industries Group. On the vehicle side, the company launched a small flying fish-mounted smart voice assistant at the end of c. In early September, the company launched the launcher d60, which was scheduled to be sold at the end of the month, with the company and the North Gas.
Signing of a strategic cooperation agreement. In addition, the Quaker Translator is offline and further upgrades its personnel, which will probably put corporate profits under pressure in the short term.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.