Information technology software and services Co-operation with the Volkswagen Strategy to help Liai land in the car industry Incident: In recent days, the company signed a strategic cooperation framework with Guangzhou Motors Group Inc.
The agreement provides for cooperation between the two sides in business areas such as smart machine interactive technology, car-borne intelligence and artificial intelligence technology, big data analysis, smart car networking platforms, advertising placements, smart customer services, smart sales machines and marketing innovation.
The company's smart voice technology continues to land in the automobile industry. Both sides will develop a vehicle-borne end product and vehicle application platform based on smart voice technology.
In the future, under the same conditions, the Broad Air Group will give priority to technology and programmes offered by companies in its future model.
Total equity/flow (millions) Data application service capacity, both of which will jointly develop a large enterprise-level data platform for the total market value/flow of the broad-based consortium (millions)
In addition to providing business scene data support, marketing strategy analysis, marketing placement assessment, and other innovations, the two sides will jointly develop smart service robots that can deliver reception and marketing assistants, and will also be able to use the same tools and tools.
The company's technology is expected to accelerate in the commercialization of the automobile industry.
The company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with a large car company after the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the North. - 2017/08/09.
We believe that, in the future, as companies work more together with large car factories, it will help companies to expand products and markets in the smart car-car sector, accelerate the commercialization of corporate smart voice technologies and ai technologies in the car industry, and increase corporate profits. Assuming that the company’s operations continue to move steadily,
(c) Profit forecasting and financial indicators:
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.