We're looking forward to a gradual realization of the profits from the continued high income growth.
The third quarterly report issued by the company in 2017 achieved revenue of 3,387 million yuan, 58.16 per cent more than the previous three quarters; net profit of 169 million yuan, or 39.45 per cent less, attributable to shareholders in listed companies; net profit of 122 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, or 34.59 per cent more than the same period.
▪ Income growth continues at a high rate, cost increases slowed in the third quarter and net profit loops increased significantly: the company achieved $3.387 billion in operating income in the first three quarters, an increase of 58.16 per cent over the same period last year, an increase over the six-month period, and we judge that the company's platform + track strategy is continuing at a fast pace.
The company achieved net profit of 169 million yuan in the first three quarters of the year, a decrease of 39.45 per cent in the same period; but as a result of the recognition of $117 million in investment returns over the same period last year, the company actually realized net net profit of the shares of the listed company in the first three quarters.
Roughly $122 million, an increase of 34.59 per cent over the same period. For the third quarter, the company achieved an operating income of $1,284 million, an increase of 89.11 per cent over the previous quarter, and a small increase of 3.07 per cent over the ring. The level of interest rates was also significantly improved in the first three quarters, at 49.66 per cent, and in the third quarter, at 49.66 per cent.
1. High-speed and continuous growth in revenue generation and the expected end of the input period, the rapid landing of the various configurations: the current period of input by the company is gradually gaining ground and the incentive mechanisms are constantly improving
At the end of the day, the growing size of the company’s platform enabled the company to build up its size and gradually improve its living systems. The major dynamic education sector now covers more than 15,000 schools across the country.
Large-scale data values are expected to be realized over time; in many other areas, such as justice, medical care and intelligent cities, public and industry leaders, the Department has also largely completed the pre-generation and piloting process, and the follow-up is expected to lead to large-scale replication and replication.
Guy. In the main dynamic product areas, the company's smart-car-borne voice products, mobile Internet and intelligence 3.
At the cost side, the absolute value of the cost remains high, with the third quarter selling costs and the percentage of administrative costs sold, respectively.
Yes. Data control on the cost side also shows that the company’s input is expected to end. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.