On the evening of 9 November 2017, the company announced that it had signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with the Beijing motor vehicle.
According to the analysis, smart car networking platforms, marketing resources, etc., there is a strategic cooperation agreement with the North, the "ai+car" is starting to land, the company's strategic cooperation agreement with the North, the voice technology, car-borne intelligence, and the smart car.
Déjéré, in partnership with the online equality business area. 1 Smart voice: the company will provide state-of-the-art smart car-borne voice technology and products and share its future technology development plan with the Beijing car; 2 vehicles will be intelligent, open
Launch of a vehicle terminal and application service for Beijing-based vehicles for sale and future-type vehicles; 3 smart car networking platform for full cooperation: the company will support Beijing-based vehicles to make full use of their software development, voice cloud services, big data analysis and resource integration capabilities to provide excellent user experience; and, at the same time, Beijing-based automobiles
Its operational resources will be fully mobilized to develop, with companies, a harmonized technology interface, technical standards and systems extension and upgrading strategy in the operational modules of the CarNeting Architecture, in cooperation with companies, to effectively achieve the one-year minimum/highest:
On November 8, 2017, it was marketed as the first product of the new generation of BP50, the smart configuration of the new vehicle-borne interconnection system that has been applied to the science-based majore, and the voice recognition system.
It's a powerful alliance that helps companies expand their business on car intelligence. It's a strategic partnership with the Beijing motor vehicle, and it's a powerful alliance in the smart car field.
Both parties use smart voice technology, car smart terminals and smart car networking platforms to provide users with safer, natural and easy means to drive safely, to further expand the company ' s products and markets in related areas, to accelerate the diffusion and dissemination of smart voice and artificial intelligence technology applications, and to explore artificial intelligence and automobiles.
In the short term, the impact on company performance has been small, and the long-term scope of the car smart market has been significant, and according to the company's semi-annual report, in the first half of 2017, the amount of voice sales on the company's smart car reached last year.
In the first three quarters of the year, there was a 58.16 per cent increase in revenue, and the Platform Plus Track strategy is advancing steadily.
In the long run, al+ cars are a trend, the size of the entire market, the company's advantages in the area of al, and the company's prospects in the area of automobiles if they can be successfully transplanted.