The pick-up and the Māori acceleration continue to rise, the ai platform and the track results accelerate.
Three-quarter reviews in 2017. The company published three-quarter reports in 2017, yielding total operating income of 3,387 million yuan, an increase of 58.16 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of 1,284 million yuan over the third quarter, an increase of 89.11 per cent over the same period; and net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of 61 million yuan over the same period.
174.08 per cent: net profit on realization of deductions is $43 million, or 2207.86 per cent more than the previous year; eps.0.05 more revenue and increase in Māori, with continued good performance in the single quarter. The first three quarters of the company earned 58.16 per cent of net profit on deductions and \triangleright, respectively
And 34.59 per cent of the rapid growth, while the net return to the parent fell by 39.45 per cent over the same period, a decrease from the first half of the year, mainly due to the company ' s acquisition in 2016 of a shareholding component of the participating company, which transformed it into a holding subsidiary, and the firm ' s recognition last year of an investment return of $117 million, after deducting the impact of the return on that portion of the investment, which increased by 4.18 per cent in the first three quarters of the year.
In addition, the company ' s Māori rate has continued to rise, with a total Māori rate of 49.66 in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 1.8 hundred in the same year.
Interest rates have been realized because of the continued advancement of high Maori businesses, such as al+ education. High levels of R & D investment and investment of talent have been sustained, with net profits and cash flows being delayed.
In the first three quarters of 2017, sales costs increased by 67.92 per cent over the same period, while management costs increased by 60.57 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the substantial investment in research and development costs and the increase in remuneration paid for the absorption of talent. The net cash flow generated by the company's operations in the previous three quarters was $647 million, a decrease of 84.93 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to the increase in cash outflows from operating activities as a result of the strengthening of strategic inputs for the “ai platform plus track”
More than the faster growth in sales returns. In particular, the larger cash outflows from operating activities are reflected mainly in the following two areas: $1.815 billion in the current period for the purchase of goods and the receipt of cash for the payment of services as a result of prior inputs to the implementation of the contract projects, resulting from increased income; and $627 million in the same period for the increase in the number of employees, such as R & D, the market, and higher remuneration levels, resulting in cash payments to employees and payments to employees during the current period.
825 million yuan, an increase of 341 million yuan in the same year. The company is still at a very advanced stage of development, with a reasonable level of cost investment to expand its size and pool its talent, and a certain degree of temporary drag on net profits and cash flows.
In order to maintain its leading position at the technological level, we believe that companies will also have to maintain a high level of cost spending on technology R & D and on investment, which will also be to some extent a drag on the company’s profit performance. But based on the company’s continued good performance in the first three quarters of the quarter and Māori, we judge the company’s platform + track.
The company, as the leader of the artificial intelligence industry, is expected to continue to grow in 2017 as compared to the three-quarter period by speeding up the ai platform + track strategy. Given the country’s overall support for the development of artificial intelligence, it is expected that the company will further expand its market and expand with international leading technology and brand advantages.
The scale of the business; keeping in view the company's continued push for the strategic layout of the “ai platform + track”, supported by high-intensity R & D inputs, to accelerate the pace of education, government, technology R & D below expectations; applications below expectations.
The University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Institute of Computing Computer Systems, the University of Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, have a great history of electronic information engineering. The computer industry is in the fields of high competence, medical informatics, information security, and so forth.
Research assistant profile: Xia Qingjing, finance, artificial intelligence, sub-units, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.