The harvest and the growth of Māori, the business is getting better, the science is flying (002230) and the sex cycle is getting better.
This represents an increase of 58.16 per cent over the same period; a net return of $169 million, a decrease of 39.45 per cent over the same year; a net return of 4.18 per cent over the previous three quarters, excluding the share-in-stock impact of the acquisitions made during the same period; and an increase of $1,284 million over the same quarter in the first three quarters, an increase of 89.11 per cent over the same period; and a net return of 6133.52 per cent over the same period.
□ The revenue and the continued high growth of Māori, the same level of investment, have accelerated in the previous three quarters, and there has been a good momentum in key business such as education, public scrutiny, big data advertising platforms, etc. The growth of Māori has been much more favourable in parallel with the high growth of revenue.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved $655 million, an increase of 100.77 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a rapid increase in three quarters in service-type income and advertising platform operations. On the input side, the third quarter’s public division continued to invest heavily, with overhead costs of $815 million over the previous three quarters, an increase of 60.57 per cent over the previous three quarters.
□ Open platform rapid growth in size and clear big data advertising patterns, 3-quarterly, the cumulative number of open platform terminals reached 1.59 billion, an increase of 87 per cent over the same period; 450,000 third-party business teams, an increase of 123 per cent over the same period; 4 billion people were used daily, an increase over the same period
56% longer. The company continues to have the advantage of data size in the area of artificial intelligence, and an artificial intelligent biosphere has been formed, with science-based science flying as a core. At the same time, the company’s commercial exploration of open platforms has made a breakthrough, the accuracy of advertising has risen dramatically, and the big data advertising business of open platforms in the last three seasons has been received.
Growth of 241% over the same period. □ Educational operations are on their way to harvest, and the advantages of the IED altruistic divide continue to be highlighted.
The number of applied schools for classroom products reached 3,000, with practical results in terms of efficiency gains for teachers, and the overall Huaann Securities tmt Study Group met with satisfaction at 95.9 per cent, and the number of applied schools for intellectuals reached 13,000, with pilot commercial operations.
As a result, the school start-up repurchase rate is more than 65%. The company’s education business has now become completely closed tog (intellectual test products, regional educational cloud stands), tob (intellectual course products) and toc (intellectuals) networks, and will continue to grow in the future as the number of users of product-based systems and branding poles increases.
In the face of a billion-grade education market, a strong moat advantage will ensure that the scale and profitability of education will accelerate. □ The opening of the country’s first personal industrial intelligence hospital, and the smooth running of medical services, will continue.
After three quarters of training in extensive clinical history and literature, the company's “intellectual medical assistant” robot took the first national clinical practitioner's examination, and the results are pending publication and are expected to be passed. In addition, the company and the Anhui Provincial Hospital have built an artificial intelligence-assisted clinic.
The first industrial intelligence hospital in the country will be fully covered in 105 counties by the end of the year. The company's technology in the field of health care includes three main areas: smart voice electronic medical records, medical images and cognitive-based auxiliary diagnostic systems, which are now in the forefront of artificial intelligence technology and medical resources.
The public prosecution system is moving ahead, and the scale of the operation is about to go up, and now the arraignment court has reached more than 300 courts and over 1,000 courts across the country.
At the beginning of the year, the High Court of Shanghai launched the Shanghai 206 project, which includes the Shanghai Grand Data Repository for Criminal Cases, the smart auxiliary case application and the intelligence to support the network platform of case handling systems.
In July, the National Attorney General issued the Guidance Programme for the Construction of the National Smart Clouds Platform, which will provide the National Prosecution Service with the use of smart voice technology, a clear lead in this field, and a wide range of operational breakthroughs.
The corporate platform + track development model is clear. The platform continues to expand, and the i-ring, which is at the heart of the story, has been formed, with education, public scrutiny, medical care, consumption, etc.
The track is getting better, and business income is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with the company having become a distinctly suboptimal player on every track and gaining a high-morigin balance. On the input side, on the bright side of artificial intelligence, forward-looking technology layouts and track resources are essential, but the company launched a national channel in 2015
Road networking and the campaign of “1520” in the second half of 2016 are nearing its end, and future cost growth is expected to gradually balance, implying that corporate performance has been stagnated. On a quarterly basis, 2q17 companies will enter a new period of revenue-and-profit-scaling.
Considering that artificial intelligence is emerging and that the company is at a critical stage of platform accumulation, track position, and that the market should focus more on the current harvest and the high growth of Māori than on profit, we look forward to the focus, accumulation, and transformation in the field of the Ii. The company’s long-term performance has emerged, next year.
In the 12-month period from the date of this report, the equity (or industry index) is defined as follows: No rating - it is not possible to obtain the necessary information, or the company is faced with a significant uncertainty of unpredictable results, or for other reasons it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.