Performance-stage pressure, differential competition to consolidate long-term advantages \triangleright high-growth, profit-stage pressure.
The delivery of silicon tablets was achieved by 125.42gw (of which external sales were 53.79gw), an increase of 47.45 per cent over the same period, followed by a nine-year period in which single crystal silicone was the largest global output; battery sales of 5.90gw; and component shipments of 67.52gw (of which external sales were 66.44gw), an increase of 44.40 per cent over the same period.
DUN Young-kang, technology overlap, 23 years of company stock and fixed asset downfalls, $6,757 million, including $5,171 million for stock downfalls (including long-term delays in some products due to United States policy).
Jubiño insists on differential competition and continuous product upgrading. The company values R & D and continues to present its market leaders like Wang.
The company is firmly on the technical route of bc, with a maximum conversion efficiency of 23.3% of the he-mox 6 items carrying the hpbc battery, and has now stabilized the scale of over 2gw per month; Lee Hyo Peng has been successfully studied
The release and planned roll-out of the Hpbc second-generation product in the second half of the month of 24 will result in more than 5% higher component power than the same specification topcon component and an increase in the power generation of the plant from 6.5 to 8% of its life cycle. The company's newly developed “Telcz crystalline” silicon has significantly increased silicon resistance, while also increasing the homogeneity of silicon.
Better snorting effects and higher mechanical intensity have been achieved, the battery end effectiveness that underpins the platform-wide mainstream technology route has increased and will be imported into volume production in the second quarter of 24 years.
By the end of 23 years, the company had its own silicon capacity to reach 170gw, battery capacity to 80gw, and component capacity to 120gw. The company was actively expanding the overseas production capacity layout, Malaysia ' s 2.8gw component, Viet Nam ' s 3.35gw battery, and so on.
Construction of the 6.6gw Silicon Stick Project in West Asia is proceeding in an orderly manner; the company ' s ability to deliver goods on the United States market will be enhanced with the official launch of the 24q1 company ' s 5gw 1.longki Green Energy (601012.sh) 3-quarter 2023 component joint venture.
Assessment: performance stage pressure, differential competition for long-term consolidation: performance against expectations, differentiated competition to build long-term advantages Globalized production profile, maintenance of `recommended' ratings.
\triangleright
4. Lungi Green Energy (601012.sh) Tri-quarter 2022: performance meets expectations, leader is strong - 2022/10/ assessment: component silicon silicon is strong and output is scalding.
To advance the methodological and analytical logic of the study, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.