q1 Performance under pressure to create a differentiated competitive advantage
In 2023, the public silicon silicon came out with 125.42gw, and for nine years it was the first global single crystal silicon.
Goods 67.52gw, with comparable growth of 47.45 per cent and 44.4 per cent, respectively, are concentrated in resources and reasonably configured to accelerate the upgrading and volume of Hpbc and Topcon production, while projects in Asia and the United States are moving forward to further enhance their ability to deliver goods in the global market.
By the end of 2023, the company produced 170 gw of free silicon and 120 gw of components.
2024q1 has a strong long-term strength and power. The prices of company components, silicon tablets and industrial chains have fallen as a result of the current overcapacity of the industry and the imbalance in the supply and demand structure; in the same time, they have been affected by the large volume of products seized by the United States, and companies are planning to write down inventory assets to a total of 2,649 million.
The decline has been limited, and companies have actively reduced their risks, with strong technological advantages and advanced R & D capabilities expected to ensure their global leader. Given the rapid growth in global installed machines, the limited decline in prices of the main series of products, and the company’s upcoming launch in the second half of 2024,
With Hpbc second-generation products above the 5% power of the same specifications tocon components, and other innovative techniques, companies are expected to continue to show strength and dynamism in future photovoltaic markets. Differential products lead the market, technology breaks through battery efficiency to record levels.
\triangleright hpbc technology achieves mass yield and downscaling at the end of 23 years, in conjunction with the "scenario plus power" product matrix, and the he-mox6 product has stabilized its massing over 2gw per month;
On the technical side, the newly developed "Telwig" silicon achieves the first in almost a decade of industrial monocrystal silicon, allowing for a breakthrough that will significantly increase the homogeneity of resistance rates and support the platform-wide mainstream technology route with an increase in battery end-effects, which will be imported into mass production in the second quarter of 2024; and back-to-back contact with the crystalline silicon.
The pool conversion rate of 27.09% and the crystal silicon-mine stack battery efficiency of 33.9% update the world record, Sindha Securities Inc. digitally transforms to upgrade manufacturing capacity, and the hydrogen energy industry leads the industry.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., the only lighthouse factory in the world's photovoltaic industry.
In 2023, the company Longki Hydrogen, a company that ran out of hundreds of millions of yuan, became the winning standard in the country's alkaline electrolytic tanks.
By the end of 2023, the largest manufacturer had achieved 2.5gw capacity, the highest in the industry. \triangleright Risk factors: less photovoltaic demand, risk of continued decline in the price of photovoltaic products, competitive patterns
:: Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, a former assistant in the field of new energy and electricity equipment, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Finance, University of Nakayama, 2022
Sun Sun, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for new energy cars, which have been partially unconnected and unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.