Longki Green Energy (601012.sh) set up a long-term differentiated competitive advantage, with impairment affecting short-term performance.bc
17 May 2024, 7 May local time, the company released a new generation of component products, hi-mo 9, in Madrid, Spain.
Efficiency was as high as 24.43 per cent. Persistence of differential competition, 24.43 per cent conversion efficiency of hi-mo9 components and 27.3 per cent conversion efficiency of hbc batteries.
Hpbc 2.0, using the company's own Tae Wei silicon, combined with the company's self-researched compound passivation technology, optimized in cell light absorption, photovoltaic conversion and current transmission capacity
High-power capacity and low bos costs. The he-mo9 component has lost ~1% of its first year, linear decay, a share in circulation/total equity (billions): ~0.35%, has performed better, is able to withstand the harsh conditions of high temperatures, high humidity and reliability in the open.
Market value of circulationa shares (billions): excellent. In addition, Hbc batteries developed autonomously by the company achieved a 27.3 per cent PV efficiency, again breaking the world record, and the company maintained two major track batteries: silicone single batteries and silicone-silicon-mine stack batteries.
Basic data: March 31, 2024, with a sustained high growth and a strong industry leader. In 2023, the company achieved a single crystal silicon.
126.4gw (of which 53.8gw is available), year-on-year +47.5 per cent, nine consecutive years of global shipments of single crystal silicon silicon, first: 67.5gw (of which 66.4gw is available), year-on-year +44.4 per cent.
q1 achieved 26.7gw (of which 12.4gw was out), compared to +12.3 per cent in the same year; the company ' s hpbc product, with 4.75gw, continued to sustain the growth momentum in favour of company-distributed operations rationally investing in capacity-building to drive globalization. By the end of 2023, the company ' s s silicon/cell/
For the next three years, the company’s silicon/cell/assembly capacity is expected to target the battery/assembly delivery volume at 90-100gw. In response to overseas trade policy, the company is actively pursuing a comprehensive approach.
(b) In addition, projects such as the Malaysian 2.8gw component, the Vietnamese 3.35gw battery, and the construction of the 6.6gw Silicon Stick project in Malay West Asia were phased in on schedule.
Against the backdrop of lower prices in the industrial chain and increased competition in the industry, the company is a leader in the industry \triangleright division with steady growth, sufficient cash reserves and differentiated layout bc technology with resistance risks,
Capacity to pass through cycles. We expect companies to return to their parent companies for the period 2024-2026 at risk of net profit change; industry competition at increased risk; price volatility of products and raw materials; \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I have undertaken not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in the course of my profession.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.