Sinjishan Evidence China Oil (601857.sh) Oil extraction iii
h1 A steady growth in performance and a significant increase in profits from natural gas sales, mainly due to increased sales of crude oil, petrol, gas, and products such as kerosene, polyethylene, oil and gas new energy operations, which grew by 7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a narrow refining operation. More geopolitical conflicts occurred in the first half of the year.
\triangleright Market data: 4 September 2024, with international oil prices rising on a year-on-year basis. The average spot price for Brent crude oil was $84.06 per barrel, compared to $84.06 per barrel.
Millions of barrels, +0.1 per cent; 905.5 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, +1.3 per cent of the same, h1
32.87 billion yuan, mainly as a result of improvements in the domestic chemical market, continued to increase the profitability of the chemical industry, with lower combined procurement costs and higher profits from the sale of natural gas. 147.217 billion cubic metres of natural gas were sold in the first half of the year, an increase of 12.9 per cent compared to 13.352 billion cubic metres in the same period the previous year.
Marketing of natural gas, 11,4937 million cubic metres, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the previous year's 10,646 million cubic metres in the same period.
The capital expenditure of the source branch is 67,413 million yuan, mainly for the exploration and exploitation of the scale benefits of priority basins such as Matsugi, Ordos, Biargar, Tarimu, Sichuan and Jin Bay in the country and is expected to be spent throughout the year 2024.
The capital expenditure of the oil, gas and new energy sub-sector is $213 billion. Meanwhile, the capital of the refinery business, Chang Junjie, spent $9,966 million on the Gilling Petrochemicals Transformation and Upgrading Project, and Guangxi petrochemicals.
The company, as the domestic oil and gas pipeline, is designed to explore from upstream to downstream new oil refining materials and to sell the entire industry chain, with the highest oil and gas reserves in the country and the largest energy company in the country.
Increased oil and gas exploration, new energy distribution with a high proportion of dividends, high dividends, and, given the high volatility in oil prices, we expect the company to return to net profits in 2024-2026 due to global and regional changes in the political economy, the supply and demand of oil and gas, respectively.
Domestic crude oil prices are determined by reference to international crude oil prices, which are adjusted by changes in crude oil prices on the international market. Corporate oil and gas exploration, production, and natural gas sales are dominant in the country, but refiners.
The new energy business is an important transformational development, with a strong domestic new energy industry, a growing market and a strong competition from other new energy suppliers.
(iii) Overseas risks. Companies operate in many countries around the world and are subject to a variety of political, legal, and regulatory environmental impacts in the countries in which they operate. Some of these countries are not stable, and in some important respects differ significantly from developed countries.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.