- China Petroleum (601857.sh) incident evaluation report issued by China Oil on its semi-annual performance report: 155,000 revenues achieved by the company in the first half of the year
Billion, 5 per cent increase in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of 88,607 million yuan, and an increase of 3.9 per cent increase in the same year for the first half of the year for the company ' s net return profit.
The company ' s oil and gas and new energy plates achieved 905.5 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent production in the first half of the year, compared to +1.5 per cent/-0.5 per cent. In the first half of the year, the company ' s domestic crude oil production was 392.8 million barrels, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period, and domestic gas production was 248,681 million barrels.
Cubic foot, 2.9 per cent increase in the same year; refinery plates, 693 million barrels processed by companies in the first half of the year, 3 per cent increase in the same year; production of 60.12 million tons of finished oil, 2.1 per cent increase in the same year; and sales plates, total sales of 79053,000 tons of finished oil in the first half of the year, equal to the same year
In return, the company plans to allocate $4,265 million in the first half of the year, which is around the top.
Capital expenditure continues to shrink, although net operating cash flows have declined, the overall cash flow remains strong, with companies spending RMB 78.9 billion in capital in the first half of the year and capital spending during the same period last year.
The cash flow of the company is still abundant, with the cash and cash equivalents of the same value in the first half of the year being a domestic oil and gas pipeline with abundant upstream resources and a high risk of oil price volatility in the downstream industrial chain; demand recovery is not as high as expected; domestic gas prices are not rising.
• Presentation by the Chemical Industry and New Materials Group, Entreprise Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.