In the evening of August 26, 2024, China Oil released its semi-annual report for 2024. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved business income of 15,538,669 million yuan, an increase of 5.00 per cent over the previous year; and a net return to the mother.
Roughly $88,611 million, an increase of 3.92 per cent over the same period; net profit earned from deductions to the mother $91,590 million, with a steady increase in business performance in the first half of the year, with a rise in the volume of oil and gas operations and a significant increase in the profits of the chemical panels. \triangleright
At the end of the oil price, the average Brent oil price was $83.05 per barrel in the first half of 2024, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year, crude oil prices maintained their medium-high tremors, and the upturn in oil prices supported the prices of the products. For profit, oil, gas, and new energy plates achieved a profit of $91.7 billion, a rise.
7.2 per cent, Māori 25 per cent, same year-0.5 ptt; refining and new material plates with some delay, but chemical industries have achieved RMB 3,126 billion in profits, exceeding last year ' s full year level by $3.3 billion in the first half of the year; sales operations have achieved $10.1 billion in operating profits.
Dollars, 8 per cent decline in the same year, Māori rate 3.0 per cent, equal to the same rate; natural gas sales plates achieved 16.8 billion yuan in profits, an increase of 19 per cent in the same year, Māori rate of 4.5 per cent in the same year and +0.6 pct. Overall, corporate hydrocarbon exploration and development operations have continued to grow steadily; due to domestic demand for chemicals
(b) Natural gas sales plates benefit from both lower international gas prices and domestic market openings and better customer structures, optimized cost of company gas purchases, higher sales end prices and higher profits;
In the first half of 2024, the company focused on balancing storage, vigorously pursuing efficient exploration, actively promoting the development of new projects, and continuously optimizing overseas.
In the case of crude oil, 474.8 million barrels of crude oil were produced in the first half of the year, compared to 0.1 per cent in the same year, of which 392.8 million barrels of domestic crude oil were produced, compared to 0.1 per cent in the same year, 25,842 billion cubic feet of natural gas were produced abroad, compared to 2.7 per cent in the same year.
24,868,8 billion cubic feet, +2.9 per cent, overseas natural gas production 9,741 million cubic metres, +154.5 per cent, new windfall power generation target of 7.25 million kilowatts, geothermal heating contract area of 4,615 million square metres, new energy operations are gradually beginning to work and performance contributions can be made.
Sinda Securities Co., Inc., Ltd., Ltd. has accelerated the transformation of refining and is expected to improve the quality of its assets.
Min Munxi Street A127 in Beijing City West.
The crude oil processing volume was 693.3 million barrels of oil, compared with 3.0 per cent, and the finished oil production was 6.0119 million tons, compared with 2.1 per cent, of which coal production was +42.4 per cent, diesel fuel was affected by the decline in demand, and the company was flexible in reducing diesel output. As a result of the company ' s continued push for lower efficiency gains, the oil was refined in the first half of the year.
Cash operating costs are $215.91 per ton, a 2.2 per cent decrease in the same year, and coal demand remains strong, but has been affected in recent years by the replacement of new energy vehicles, the weak start-up of engineering machinery, the weak demand for diesel fuel, and the overall steady demand for gasoline.
790.5 million tonnes, corresponding to 2.0%, of which 58.45 million tonnes were sold in the country ' s finished oils, with a shift towards coloration and higher value-added new products and new materials, and the company ' s current resource barriers to the exploration and exploitation of raw materials such as ethane to achieve industry-wide production.
The chain advantage is complementary. The volume of chemical products was 19.43 million tons in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year; the production of new chemical materials was 10.74 million tons, an increase of 72.0 per cent in the same year.
The Riki II project is continuing, and the quality of the company's refined assets is expected to be further advanced, with high interest rates and rising shareholder returns. The company's board of directors decided to send out \triangleright in mid-2024.
In 2024, a quarter of a share found a gold dividend of 0.22 yuan per share, with a total interest rate of 40.26 billion yuan and a rate of 45.4 per cent, which was the highest in three consecutive years. In our view, the synergies between the various segments of the company have continued to improve, and performance has continued to improve steadily.
Longer, shareholder returns have also been increasing, development gains shared, and long-term investment values are expected to be highlighted. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect the company to return its net profits in 2024-2026, respectively \triangleright
8.86 times. We see firm growth trends in robust performance as domestic oil and gas taps and refining the value of long-term investments in the context of continued asset optimization, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” risk factors: lower than expected production risks in increased reserves; risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; new companies.
Built capacity is not as high as expected; downstream demand is not repaired as expected; new energy is new; Dr. W.W., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Geological Mineral Economics Council, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) Expert Pool, Member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.