Billions of tws headphone batteries project; 200 million yuan for 160 million lithium manganese batteries project; 3) 450 million dollars for the study of the three-dimensional square battery production project; and 400 million dollars for cash flow replenishment.
1) tws demand surges and production capacity expands to the highest priority. With an increase in post-partum capacity of 200 million, the project is expected to be actively engaged with other large domestic and international clients, and the actual volume and profitability of the shipment is expected to be higher than expected. 2) Width, small size, high-precision high-temperature lithium manganese batteries are not only used in direct tpms equipment
Sensor and launcher power sources, including intelligent instrumentation, tracking instruments, smoke sensors, detectors, wireless infrared alarms, etc.
One hundred and sixty million capacity units, addressing production bottlenecks, are another important engine of growth: power cells: increased inputs for tridimensional battery development, improved product quality and delivery capacity 1) three-dimensional batteries are the focus of research and development inputs for corporate power cells, focusing on the automation of production lines
In 2016-2018, R & D inputs accounted for 4.97%, 7.81%, respectively, and R & D inputs accounted for 7.81%.
Review: The year-round profits are expected, and the power cell is profitable at the start of the three-dimensional square is about to break. Soft-pack batteries have begun delivery to Daimler in the fourth quarter of 19 years, mainly with a Mercedes type of overseas vehicle. The supply of modern 6gwh output is expected to start in the second quarter.
In January of 19q4 and February of 2020, the growth of the overseas market was evident in the case of the dollar securities company, Researching the Lithium Million Latitude (3000014) event: Sooner than in the country, the company's portfolio of high-quality offshore customers will continue to grow, and is expected to grow with the company for 20 years.
The business landscape is good, net profits have increased dramatically. 2019.10.29 Increased capacity utilization, lower costs, and profits will improve further.
The power cell customers are not expanding and selling as much as expected, the expansion and capacity are not working as expected, and Xue Rainice is raising $2.5 billion, of which $1.05 billion is spent on a 200 million tws headphone cell project.
300 million for the lithium manganese battery project, 450 million for the three-dimensional square battery production research project, and 700 million for supplementary liquidity. The project is expected to generate 1,977 million dollars after delivery, resulting in a net gain of 220 million dollars.
2) Lithium manganese battery project, with a total investment of $330 million, with a total of $300 million in fund-raising, with a two-year construction period, and a three-dimensional square battery mass production research and testing centre project, with a total investment of $590 million, using the fund-raising company as a small global producer of tws bean batteries, with a patented advantage.
A needle cell has the core advantages of high capacity, small size, and Appleirpodspro has moved from anairpods to a soybean battery, which is supplied by the German company Valta. In the context of the market boom, Valta’s capacity is limited.
Autonomous R & D in manufacturing, encapsulation, etc., independent R & D in rolling-by technology programmes, and the formation of stable autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) and technology patents, became one of the few global producers of high-quality lithium ion for tws headphones, with internationally leading key performance indicators for manufactured representative-type products.
Buds plus a billion-latitude lithium cell (1454), continued for 11 hours. The new Galaxy Buds+ wireless headphones continue for 11 hours, usually 4-5 hours for the same type of product, with a wide temperature range, small size, high accuracy of lithium manganese batteries not only for direct tpms sensors and hair.
Radio power sources, including smart instruments, tracking instruments, smoke sensors, detectors, wireless infrared alarms, etc. Multiple scenes. As the global property network industry expands, the deployment of networked terminals, such as smoke sensors, will cause continued warming of the market demand for high-temperature lithium manganese batteries.
Lithium manganese batteries, rfid products (softly packaged lithium manganese batteries), computer boards, electronic devices, cameras, smart instruments, etc. The tpms front-loading market is expected to require 8.296 million by 2025. China began full implementation in 2020.
Mandatory installation with car tpms. Direct tpms are better and more expensive. Car tyres are part of the vehicle that comes into contact with the ground. They are always in high-speed, high-temperature and high-pressure condition. The high pressure, lack of air or even damage of tyres can have a direct impact on the motor safety of cars. Normal lithium manganese batteries can deform or even explode.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is able to present the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.