The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research (CREDEH) is financing new and emerging strategic operations such as tws, tpms.
tws headphones in tws-based wearable equipment; 200 million yuan for an annual production of 160 million high-temperature lithium manganese batteries Construction project, mainly for the postnatal pressure monitoring system (tpms), object networking terminals, etc.: 350 million yuan for the tri-dimensional power cell mass production research and testing centre project: 400 million yuan for supplemental flow
tws headphone outbreak growth: according to a counterpoint study, global tws headphones in 2016 1. “Performing expectations, tws headphones in electronic smoke and battery business were shipped 230 million times, a 92 per cent increase from the same year; 700 million were expected to be delivered in 2022, none
Over the last three years, the combined rate of growth is as high as 80%. In the long run, there are about 1.4 billion new mobile phones sold worldwide every year, 2. "E-smoking and lithium primary battery support q3 performance forecast and headphones have a huge stock market, tws headphones replace space. The company has tws headphone bean power.
The pool area is rich in technological accumulation and patenting, and has moved into some of the internationally recognized customer supply systems, 3. " Motivation progresses steadily, e-smoking continues to grow -- billion people are still in the certification process, and it is expected that in the future it will be an important underpinning for the growth of corporate performance. "
Lithium manganese batteries are mainly used in the Embalm Monitoring Market. Policy endorsement: Fetal Pressure Monitoring involves the personal safety of the driver 4. Power Batteries Focus Square, which continues to increase in electronic smoke. Developed countries like Europe and the United States require their car tags, which are mandatory. October 2017, my country.
In 2019, we produced 2,136 million vehicles by car, with 260 million on the market. The company’s knowledge of the core techniques of high-temperature lithium manganese batteries is expected to benefit from the priority.
Increased power cell development: one of the most important strategic directions for the future development of the company is that power cells, influenced by the EU carbon emissions and China's double-share New Deal, are expected to grow at a combined rate of 37% over the next six years in the power cell industry and 500 billion yuan in global market space by 2025.
The company proposes to build a rectangular three-dimensional power cell research and testing centre, an important initiative for stabilizing the power cell business in order to upgrade the company’s technological capabilities. Considering the huge potential of the tws battery operation, the company will be expected to improve its performance for the next two years.
Further expansion of the e-smoking ban: the impact of the trade war on overseas operations is more than expected: power cell surges are less than expected; new energy vehicles are growing less rapidly than expected; upstream product price fluctuations are more than anticipated.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment