(a) New operations in the field of tws+tpms. Companies are developing projects to raise up to $2.5 billion in additional funds, plus consumption and power cell research and development and production;
Billion dollars for the soybean lithium ion battery project for tws applications (100.5 billion yuan), the high temperature lithium manganese battery project for fetal pressure testing and material networking applications (300 million yuan), the three-dimensional square power tank mass production research and testing centre project (450 million yuan) and supplementary liquidity (70 million yuan).
The sales of tws headphones are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and the supply of lithium ion batteries is high: according to counterpoint data, the global volume of tws headphones in 2020 and 2022 is expected to reach 230 million and 700 million, corresponding to the need for the battery 460 million and 1.4 billion; while the global major tws headphone battery manufacturers forecast for 2020
The company plans to invest $1,162 million in the construction of an automated production line for the production of 200 million tons of soybean ion per year, which is expected to ease production bottlenecks, meet market demand and consolidate a leading advantage.
Promulgation of performance requirements and test methods for the tire pressure monitoring system in passenger vehicles, which requires mandatory installation of tpms in all production vehicles as of 1 January 2020. According to data from the Ministry of Air Association and Public Security, in 2019 there were 21.36 million vehicles in domestic passenger vehicles with a capacity of 260 million, assuming production by 2025
No change, with a direct tpms penetration rate of 80%, the domestic front-loading market will demand about 70 million manganese high-temperature batteries per year. The company intends to invest $333 million to build 160 million manganese high-temperature-temperature batteries per year, which is expected to increase the ability to scale supply, further reduce costs and increase market competitiveness.
Power cell upgrades, company-plus R & D projects: the company proposes to invest $589 million in the construction of a three-dollar square power cell mass production research and testing centre, which is expected to enhance research and development capabilities to meet customer bulk production and multi-point validation needs, and to work with clients to develop and master cutting-edge technologies.
At the market price of 6 March 2020, we're looking at Lithium Million Latitude Energy: High Performance Growth, Multi-Purpose Operations, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Consumer battery demand has fallen short of expectations, new energy vehicle demand has fallen short of expectations, strategic customer imports have fallen short of qualification for portfolio investment consultancy operations, price competition is expected to exceed expectations and e-smoking policy risks.