Martinine, profit growth is rising at a seasonal rate, rising at a high rate of non-interest income, and rising at a steady rate. Profit growth is rising at a seasonal rate.
Most of the increase is less than 905 million dollars, due to the continued improvement in the quality of assets. Of these, q4 single-quarter net return profits increased by 8.07 per cent, compared to q3 net profit increases by 0.69pc, and annual profits grew faster on a quarterly basis, with a sustained increase in profitability.
A steady recovery, with a significant increase in loan returns and a more stable cost of deposits. 17 years of net interest differentials are a narrow 2bps after earnings have not been factored into interest income. Compared to the first half of the year, the full year of net interest differentials increased by 5bps, with a significant increase in loan returns by 21bps compared to the first half of the year and in the industry as a whole.
In the context of increased deposit competition, the combined cost rate of deposits rose only 3bps (contribution to pension savings deposits) and loan deposits grew steadily, with a net decrease in the size of the joint certificates. Loans grew by 19.86 per cent, with reduced finance increasing by 31 billion dollars in individual consumer loans.
Loans in areas such as real estate; joint assets increased by nearly $20 billion, or 8.95 per cent, compared with the end of September; non-standard investments decreased by 10.36 billion net throughout the year, but by a little 2.8 billion more than at the end of September; investment assets decreased by 82.9 billion dollars throughout the year, mainly through financial debt reduction, equity-enhancing instruments (base, debt-based and red votes)
Credits have grown steadily, and the size of the trade paper has continued to decrease net. The total amount of deposits is more than 100 million in September. By keeping the share of peer integration funds within the regulatory requirement limit earlier, it is expected that the total liability of “co-operator statements + corporate liabilities” will be less than 33 per cent after clearing deposits.
The balance of overdue loans is double-dip, and the criteria for the classification of bad assets are more stringent. The negative rate is for banks: interest hikes affect banks several times and the negative rate of production is down from 0.04 pc to only 0.65 per cent over 16 years, with adverse generating pressures being reduced.
What? Price-fixing capacity, changing business behaviour, loan balances in the period category are considered to have decreased by a double ratio. The balance of late loans and loans of more than 90 days is reduced by $500 million and $600 million, respectively, by the end of June, or by 0.20 pc and 0.18 pc, respectively.
Bank Report: A Change of Perspective: Shanghai Bank Report: Net Interest Differences Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Shanghai Bank 17 Years of Growth in Profit Quick and Asset Quality
Largely narrow, asset and liability structures have improved and non-interest income has increased. There has been a significant rebound in net interest differentials during the second half of the year, with a clear advantage in deposit stability.
Figure 11: Quality of Bank Assets in Shanghai Chart 12: Undesirable Pressure Generation of Bank in Shanghai Chart 13: Preparation of Bank Transfers in Shanghai
Figure 14: Three key indicators under the Shanghai Bank's Note No. 7 provision.