Shareholders have increased confidence in development, based on improved valuation value for money, adequate valuation security and greater confidence in development among major shareholders.
According to the company’s pledge in the offer, when the company’s share price is 20 consecutive days below the most recent trial, there is no risk that the company’s second-largest shareholder’s initiative will be stepped up. This increase is also an indication of the future of the company’s long-term development space and helps to increase market confidence. Given that the company’s current valuation is still below one-fold pb.
At the asset end, the company has increased its structural preference for credit resources and has strictly controlled the pricing of new loans and the repricing of mature loans, leading to an increase in the value of the product. With structural optimization and price-fixing, we expect a return on the asset end of the year.
In the meantime, since the beginning of the year, market flows have become eligible for portfolio investment advice.
Improved liquidity and a steady decline in interest rates in financial markets have eased the pressure on the cost of corporate liabilities as a whole. In terms of asset quality, companies have a regional advantage, have a better overall quality than their counterparts, and have benefited from a steady recovery in the long triangular economy, with an upward trend in asset quality, in the context of a slowdown in poor generation.
It is expected that the provision will act as a catalyst for firm performance resilience.
The Shanghai Bank has a positive improvement at both ends of its 18-year-old capital, with the asset end benefiting from credit delivery plus, the speed with which prices are raised, the end of indebtedness benefiting from the easing of structural adjustment pressures and the interest rate on funds.
The positive changes on both sides of the capital ladder have contributed to a significant improvement in the company’s fundamentals, and we expect high value for money in Shanghai to maintain a firm’s rating increase. The decline in asset quality is more than expected.