There has been a significant improvement in the fundamentals, with major shareholders at the bottom of the fence, and positive improvements at both ends of the Shanghai Bank's 2018-year-old deficit, with asset-end beneficiaries benefiting from faster credit delivery and higher pricing levels, debt-end beneficiaries from the easing of structural adjustment pressures and funding.
Interest rates are flat down, and positive changes at both ends drive significant improvements in the company’s fundamentals. The current proactive build-up before the public share price stabilization mechanism also shows a good view of the company’s future space for long-term development.
Loans are tilted in favour of new loans, while at the same time strictly controlling the re-pricing of new loans and maturity loans, leading to an increase in asset end-of-end prices. According to our calculations, the Shanghai Bank raised interest rates in the first quarter of 18 years.
The debt structure is optimized, and the cost of rising pressure is relaxed. In 2017, the Shanghai Bank faced structural adjustment and cost upward pressure on its liabilities, leading to a sharp reduction in interest differentials.
Improved asset quality is better than that of a colleague. Shanghai Bank's overall asset quality is better than that of a colleague, and
As a result of a steady recovery in the long-triangular economy, asset quality has shown a trend toward improvement. Against the backdrop of a slowdown in negative generation, the provision is expected to act as a catalyst for firm performance elasticity.
In the event that the economy is over-expected, the quality of the assets in the banking sector is at risk of deterioration, thereby affecting the Bank's assets.
Business profitability. Current trade frictions between Central America and the United States, macroeconomic uncertainties, qualification for portfolio investment advisory business, are concerned with changes in the quality of business assets.
The main rate is 1 billion yuan.