Volatile conglomerates (60138.sh) Automobile i by car (i) continues with a “diplomatic weight” that does not change the high performance growth
The net profit return to the mother is 2,354 million yuan, an increase of 14.58% over the same period. The decrease in the net profit to the mother rate of 2q is mainly due to the loss of 930 million assets in the public sector, which does not affect the trend of high performance growth in the first half of the year.
The sale of 250.9 million vehicles by car, a 57.02% increase over the same year, has continued the momentum of high growth. The high increase in sales of the wide-scale autonomous brands has been due to the continued high-quality, high-value suv model, which is represented by the passing of gs4 and gs8.
The monthly production capacity has fallen to 7,000 vehicles per month, and is expected to return to 10,000 in the fourth quarter. The brand-new mid- and high-end suvgs7 and small suvgs3 will be on the market in late August, when the distribution of the suv product will be further improved. As the new car market and the star pattern continue to be popular, it is expected that the year-round sales of the wide steam autonomy will reach half a million.
The joint venture brands have increased their net profits substantially, with a combination of a wide range of profits, a large variety of profits, a large amount of money, a large amount of money, and a large amount of money. As a result of the sharp fall in the share of the Korean company in the market, Japanese sales have increased. The sales of the four joint venture brands of the Volkswagen Group have continued to grow, leading to a steady increase in corporate efficiency.
Growth was strong, with sales of 32,130,000 vehicles and 21,950,000 vehicles achieved in the first half of the year, an increase of 17.26 per cent and 5.13 per cent, respectively. In the second half of the year, Honda, Hironobata and Toyota will further roll out new vehicles and old ones, which are expected to exceed the sales targets of 690,000 and 435,000 vehicles set at the beginning of the year.
The global call suv brand, now the national product Jeep has become a guide, Free Light, Freeman three products, has completed coverage between $1.3 million and $300,000, benefiting from the domestic suv wave, and is expected to increase steadily, with sales expected to reach 200,000 vehicles by the year. Hiromito Mitsubishi, driven by the new national production of Euroland, and the hot selling of X, is now on the rise.
Liu Wen Ting, with new products and production capabilities in place, is expected to continue with the “broad-gas” new energy source. By establishing a fully-owned subsidiary, the vehicle is now in the field of new energy vehicles, with a capacity of 200,000 new energy vehicles for 17 years.
In the first half of the year, two new energy vehicles were launched, the ga3s and the gs4 mix, and the second half of the year, the push3 pure electric and the ga6 mix.
A good reputational base and technological reserve, and a rapid increase in the volume of new energy and vehicle sales are expected in the future to become a new performance growth point. First, a large increase of 62.23 per cent in revenue does not change the high performance growth trend.
The lower rate of increase in net profit from the 2q return was mainly due to the fact that the company accounted for losses of 930 million assets, but the impairment did not affect the first half of the year.
In the first half of 17 years, the revenue from the BVI was $33.940 billion, an increase of 63.53 per cent. In the first half of 17 years, investment revenue from joint ventures such as Hiroshima, Hiroshima, Guangfik, etc., was $4.601 billion, an increase of 45.96 per cent.
Percentage points. The company ' s Māori rate, net interest rate, except for a few years, has generally risen steadily, with a positive overall trend. (ii) Three fees have been reduced and research and development inputs have been raised, and three rates have been effectively controlled, leading to a downward trend in the past few years.
Inputs also bring competitive products such as gs4 and gs8. Figure 6: Three rates over the last 12 quarters.
(i) Autonomous brands are very colourful, product lines are better developed, brands are better coloured, and new cars gs7 and gs3 will further improve the layout of the product. A wide-scale auto brands in the first half of the year sold 250.9 million vehicles, an increase of 57.02 per cent over the same period, sustaining a high growth momentum. A high growth in the sale of a wide-blown autonomous brand benefits from the high volume of sales.
The high-quality, high-priced suv model, which is represented by gs4 and gs8, continues to be sold hot. The first half of the first half of the year, with more than 180,000 vehicles, is ranked second on the domestic suv list; the mid- and high-end gs8 is sold three months after it has been marketed, but is under control, with a reduced capacity of 7,000 vehicles per month in May-September, and is expected to return to the level of 10,000 vehicles in the fourth quarter.
The new medium-end and high-end suvgs7 and small suvgs3 will be on the market in late August, when the distribution of the product will be further improved. With the new car market and the continued hotness of the star car, it is expected that the year-round sales of wide gas autonomy will reach 500,000. (ii) The joint venture brand will enter the upwards route.
As a result of the sharp fall in the share of the Korean car market, Japanese cars are selling more. Hiro Honda, Hiroto Toyota and other cars, with their stock growing steadily, with their stock increasing steadily, from 32.13 million vehicles to 21,950,000 in the first half of the year, an increase of 17.26% and 5.13%, respectively. In the second half of the year, Hiro Honda, Hiroshima and Toyota will be able to roll out new cars and recapitalize old ones, and it is expected to go beyond the beginning of the year.
690,000 vehicles and 435,000 vehicles are targeted for sale. With the name "jeep" under the banner of Wolffik, a powerful global suv brand, the national product Jeep has now become a guide, Free Light, Freeman three products, completing coverage between $130,000 and 300,000 dollars, benefiting from the domestic suv wave, and sales are expected to increase steadily, reaching 200,000 vehicles throughout the year.
In the first half of the year, the volume of sales increased to 54.2 million, a significant increase of 181.69 per cent. The year-round sales are expected (iii) new sources of energy are expected to continue to be “transmitted” in the first half of the 17th year, influenced by such factors as sub-checking, with new energy vehicles selling 21.20 million and 19.5 million, respectively.
Over the same period, the previous year saw growth of 19.70% and 14.40%, respectively, but at a faster rate than expected, with a rapid increase in the production of new energy vehicles expected in the second half of the year. Moreover, the two-points policy for fuel consumption and new energy vehicles is expected to be launched in the course of the year, which will benefit the new car industry in the long term.
In the second half of the year, it will also push the pure electric version 3 and the ga6 version. With the strong customer base and technological reserves built up by the auto-autonomous brand, the gas industry is expected to grow rapidly in terms of sales, and will become large in the future.
Autonomous brand new vehicle sales fell short of expectations; joint brand new vehicles were launched at a slower rate than expected.