Motherhood net profits are significantly higher than expected, and the main camp is expected to repair in the second half of the year.
Research assistant: Lui Kuo-chung's investment returns have increased significantly and the main business has gradually resumed. The company's primary clinical phase of the service is the cro service. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a net profit of $999 million to the mother, with a net profit of $303 million; of this, the non-principal business is the non-principal business.
The net profit from the operation increased by $696 million, mainly from investment gains from equity transfers (approximately $100 million) and fair value change gains from other non-current assets (approximately $600 million).
The main reasons for this are the revenues from clinical laboratory services, laboratory services and on-site management of clinical trials and patient uniforms for the company's new merger affiliates, Yashin Beijing and Shanghai.
The growth in the operations of the main battalion is lower than expected, because we believe that the progress of clinical operations in hospital channels has been more affected by the new crown epidemic. By region, the first half of the year and the last half of the year, 845 million yuan and 600 million yuan, respectively, were collected, compared to 17.42 per cent and 17.42 per cent, respectively.
1.83%, mainly offshore operations, are affected by the epidemic. q1 and q2 are projected to be on a quarterly basis, respectively, as the impact of the epidemic fades and clinical operations recovers. Net interest rates have increased significantly over the same period. In the first half of the year, companies achieved a Māori rate of 48.46%, representing an increase of 0.90 million over the same period.
The number of projects has continued to grow, with a significant increase in investment to enhance future performance expectations. 52 new drug registration projects in the first half of the year; 349 ongoing clinical research projects on drugs; 210 ongoing clinical research projects on medical devices; 100 ongoing organisms, etc.
At the end of June, there were 979 ongoing projects in the field management of clinical trials and patient recruitment services (smo), increasing the number of radiation cities to 110. Although affected by the new coronary pneumonia, there were 1,941 ongoing laboratory services at the end of June.
In March, representatives of the two parties signed a project cooperation agreement on the location of the new laboratory building. On March 31, they acquired biotranex,llc.
Investing $519 million in the first half of the year, compared to the investment proposal: the company is the lead in the clinical phase, with a larger number of projects in hand, the epidemic is decreasing, clinical operations are recovering, productive capacity continues to grow, investment in mergers and acquisitions progresses rapidly, and future performances are increasing.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.