Tagger Medicine (300347), pharmaceutical biology is gradually recovering in the second quarter and is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
• Summary of performance: the company released its mid-year report for 2020, generating operating income of $1.45 billion, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $1 billion, an increase of 183.7 per cent over the same period; net profit to non-repatriate mothers of $300 million, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the same period, with an increase of $1.34 per cent for the ps.
Performance growth is as expected and costs are well regulated. In the first half of 2020, corporate performance was generally flat, and the cost of the period was better managed as a result of increased staff equity incentives and depreciation amortization. The revenue of 2020q2 was $800 million, an increase of 10% over the same period; the net profit of the non-repatriation parent was $190 million.
• Two major business plates have grown steadily and are expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. 2020h1 Clinical Trial Technical Services achieved $700 million, an increase of 12 per cent, and Māori 51.5 per cent, an increase of 7.3 pp, an increase in revenue in the second half of the year.
And the increase in the Māori rate was due mainly to the new merger of companies, the Beijing Yashin and Shanghai contemplation, which increased by 5.3 per cent; the Māori rate, which was 45 per cent, which decreased by 5.5 pp from the same year, and the steady increase in incomes, which decreased mainly as a result of the reduction in Māori in laboratory services and clinical trial site management and patient recruitment services.
As a whole, the two business portfolios have been growing steadily, and are expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. • Investment in research and development continues to grow, and the expansion of global operations continues to expand. 2020h1 has invested $720 million, an increase of 23.5% over the previous year, and sustained investment in research and development is laying the foundation for increasing corporate profitability.
The company has accelerated the deployment of overseas operations, and the Asia-Pacific region is now well equipped to take over multi-centre clinical operations, and the Korean subsidiary, Dreamcis, has been listed in May, and the Euro-American regional business is being laid out. While completing its own expansion of domestic and foreign production capacity, the subsidiary’s Clandestine Holdings has acquired rmi, bri, to expand it.
A global service layout will continue to make an important contribution to corporate performance in the future. It is expected that a deepening of corporate globalized markets will drive business expansion.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.