2024: Remarking relative profitability, market access, research assistant, and increased investment in technological innovation and market expansion, as well as facing the external market environment and investment revenue
Challenges of volatility: Aerial dynamics achieved business income of $47.880 billion in 2024, an increase of 9.48 per cent over the previous year, of which aviation engine and derivative business revenue amounted to $44.994 billion, a change in performance due mainly to the following factors: first, significant growth in R & D costs and company aviation
The continuing high levels of R & D inputs in key technology areas of the engine have resulted in higher costs; secondly, price volatility of raw materials and supply chain pressures have had a certain impact on production costs; furthermore, non-aerial products and their revenues from their operations have been reduced by 24.91 per cent on a year-on-year basis, thus delaying overall profitability.
▪ Continuously promoting technological innovation, accelerating catch-up, constantly upgrading aviation engines and gas turbines, manufacturing: companies have autonomous R & D capabilities for vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, pistons, etc., in military aviation engines, becoming the only fully covered category in the country
The company ' s strategic position in the field of defence equipment has been further consolidated by the military aviation engine industry, where the continuous upgrading of the Yangtze series of engine support capabilities, particularly the development of the Yangtze 1,000 engine, is progressing well, marking the company ' s technology in the area of mass arteries compared to the vortex engine.
In addition, through the establishment of the Department of Navigational Dynamics at the United Institute of Scientific Research, the company has accelerated the deployment of the low-altitude economy and the general aviation industry, successfully launching a large number of small air launcher products to meet the diversified needs of the air shuttle and drone markets.
• Positive developments in market expansion: in 2024, the company deepened its collaboration with major international aviation players such as the French Peaks Group and Rohr Royce of the United Kingdom, and signed a number of long-term sub-package production agreements involving over $1.5 billion, marking a further step in its position in the global air industry chain
At the same time, the company has completed the technical integration of Leyang Air Engines Ltd. in Guizhou, plus a few comments: the front-end civil-military market pulls demand up on both sides of the line.
In addition, the company responded positively to the national civil-military integration strategy by introducing a targeted increase in the national civil-military component.
In terms of technological innovation, companies have taken the lead in forming the “Air Engines and Gas Wheels” national weight.
A major joint attack team laid the foundation for the development of a new generation of aviation engines. "Class + civilian" is a two-wheel drive, maintaining a profit forecast and investment rating: the company's performance is under pressure, because the company's business is in a state of adjustment.
The corresponding pe is 110/100/85 times higher, but the “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the high level of consumption of aviation engines and the central position of the Department in the industry.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.