Silver-Thai gold (000975.sz): The cost of mining gold was significantly optimized on April 25th, 2024, and the growth advantage showed a resonance.
Silver-Thai gold incident: company reports for the first quarter of 2024. Company 24q1 achieved business income of 2.773 billion yuan. Company is one of China's leading gold producers.
The company owns four gold mines and one lead, silver and silver, polymetal ore, where the sales of minerals continue to rise, with the company ' s mineral gold Māori ratio +7.22 pct to 67.98 per cent over the same period.
Mid-Black Rock is a gold mine with a high ranking in the country, G. 2023), and the multi-factor resonance boosts the company’s performance. The forest temple is a relatively advanced state-of-the-art management of production in the country.
There's still much room for improvement in mineral deposits, large-scale mineral deposits in Qinghai, and the value of the company's mineral reserves and rights: as of 2023, the company's four gold mines are currently the largest single mineral and silver deposits in the country.
A total of 16 prospecting rights, in addition to mining rights, in mines and one lead, silver and silver polymetallic mine, 156.78 tons (9.8 per cent) of gold metal, 7856.9 tons of silver metal (+13.5 per cent) and 61.37 million tons of lead metal.
In the seventh place in the division, the company is also a high-prevalence Māori miner in gold mines, and in 2023 net profits were realized across the country, although annual exploration spending by the company fell by 11.7 to 109 million yuan, the Yulong mine was found in 1118 highlands.
The gold mining company ranked fifth among the companies listed. 178 deposits, with the increase in recorded amounts of silver, lead, zinc, copper and tin increased by +78.3 per cent, +84.2 per cent, +53.5 per cent, +90.4 per cent and +50.5 per cent respectively, compared with 1.1 tons of new gold metals added to the Jilin Temple and Qinghai Chaidan, respectively.
In addition to the increase in the amount of effective metals and the fact that the Tamalong mining site is located in the high-springing and high-sniffed zone of non-ferrous metals, which is a priority area for world-class gold deposits, the Qinghai Great Chaidan is located in a nonferrous mine of precious metals on the beach in Qinghai Province, and there are several sites surrounding mining rights that are unusual, and the Jilin temples maintain a balance of exploration and stability of resources.
The 52-week stock price range and the Rockstone gold mine of the Black River, which buried low-temperature hydrothermal gold for a shallow high grade, have been filmed by the company for 23 years.
The company’s mineral metal volume continues to grow strongly: in 2023, the company produced mineral gold/silver/lead/zincs, each ton (although in the same period, the amount of lead and zinc production increased by 0.98 tons in Qinghai), while the fall in lead and zinc production was due to the lead powder in the Yulong mine.
The output of zinc powder (19.4 per cent) and zinc powder (6.7 per cent). On the other hand, according to the latest state of sales of the company ' s 24q1 gold: gold (115.2 per cent, 1.98 tons), silver (42 per cent, 20.88 tons), and ore are expected to rise. Furthermore, taking into account the company ' s mining of the Great Blue Dragon Trench gold mine in Qinghai,
The title (expanding the mine area) has been completed, and the mining rights of Qinghai Province continue to grow on the basis of +47.6% of the natural resources of Qinghai Province (the production of the Great Zaydan mine in 23 years has risen to 3.05 tons).
The Ministry’s 15-ton planning target, which means that the company remains one of the best growing mining companies in the country. The company’s mineral Maori has room for optimization: benefits from higher gold prices, mineral selection and cost-control capabilities, s1480502010001.
In 23 years, the company’s mineral gold-rich ratio has been reduced from a combined amortization to $156.32/g, one of the gold companies that has the best control over the cost of mining in the industry. On the other hand, the company’s mineral-rich cost has risen to $2.86/g for silver, lead, and zinc, respectively.
In addition, taking into account the increasing trend in gold prices, it is expected that the future growth in gold prices will be accompanied by an improvement in the ranking of the Yulong mining ore and an increase in the amount of silver, lead and zinc from the Black River.
The increase in the size of the company ' s mineral selection and the increase in the rate of operation of the equipment and of the expected ore grade selection are expected to result in further optimization of the corporate unit output costs as a whole (the company ' s Māori ratio in the Qinghai area has risen to very low asset-liability rates, high operational management and profitability: the company is the lowest mine in the country ' s asset-liability ratio)
Enterprises, with a 23-year asset-liability rate of 17.98 per cent (a gold industry average of 52.08 per cent), show a strong company average of 3.3 per cent, a combination of strong mining management and profitability. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: central bank purchases and flows, taking into account the continuation of the tight balance between the supply and demand of gold
Sex is expected to increase the holdings of the netf, combined with fermentation of the gold risk avoidance premium, liquidity premium, and exchange rate premium, and the renminbi gold price is either at the center of $540/g. And zinc lead prices or, on the basics, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities reported silver gold (000975.sz): the cost of mining has been significantly optimized and the growth advantage has been resonant.
Zhang Tian Feng's experience in investment and team management. He was an investment manager for the East Hing Asset Management Programme (cta) and general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. He was awarded a second prize for joint research on options at the China Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE) and a third prize for joint research on options in China.
A silver prize and a multi-media bronze prize for futures products; a third prize in the soybean competition for the Dalian Commodity Exchange, with the Chinese share in the soybean contest for the soybean contest. A research opinion from the Shanghai Futures Exchange, a former author of Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, and Economic Reference Paper. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.