Photovoltaic semiconductor double-wheel drive, with silicon taps growing in the early stages - first-time coverage of the Central Ring shares - strongly recommended (first rating)
• National taps of monocrystal silicon materials, “photovoltaic + semiconductor” developed in synergy: The company focuses on monocrystal materials, based on monocrysil silicon silicon, moving up and down, and has now formed a two-industry chain of luminous + semiconductor, moving into the photovolt industry in 2009, starting with single-crystal silicon silicon tablets.
For 10 years, the company has developed an industry-wide business of multi-crystal silicone, single-crystal silicon, high-efficiency batteries, tiles and downstream power station operations.
In 2017, companies began to invest more in silicon tablets, promising to become a globally competitive semiconductor silicon silicon firm. One of the two oligarchs of photovoltaic silicone, improved supply and demand in 2019, and increased profitability:
In 2019, total photovoltage demand returned to the growth path, and the three main factors of single crystal penetration and small capacity expansion were expected to drive the return of photovolatile single crystal silicon to normal levels. In 2019, only Lungi shares and middle ring shares were visible.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Risk is high, research and development costs are high, and the oligarchs have a stronger bargaining power. Global semiconductor sales outpaced $400 billion in 2017, entering the weather cycle, silicon supply is tight, and the price is up. The middle ring is domestic semiconductor silicon.
750,000 pieces of 8 inch production capacity in 2022 and 12 in 6 million pieces per month. The semiconductor business, which became globally competitive, began to be released, performed with great elasticity, and covered for the first time a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company is a listed company holding shares in the Tianjin Central Ring Electronics Information Group Ltd.. The company is dedicated to semiconductor energy and new energy industries. It is a State-owned high-technology company that brings together research, production, operation and the creation of a single enterprise with a national technology centre, five departmental and ministerial research and development centres, and four high-technology companies.
The company is committed to the two main industries of semiconductor energy conservation and new energy sources around “green low-carbon, sustainable development.” The photovoltage + semiconductor bi-industry model: Figure 1: Distribution of company-owned plates
The whole industry chain strategy of the layout: the company focuses on monocrystal material, based on monocrysilica, and has developed up and down, and has now formed a dual-industry chain of "luminous + semiconductor" . In 2009, the meso-curve industry was established, starting with single-crystal silicon silicon, and after almost 10 years of cultivation, the company has developed multi-crystal silicon.
The Department of Semiconductor Affairs has been operating in the industrial chain from the creation of Tianjin Eurasia in 2000 to the successful acceptance of a major national-specific project in 2017, with the establishment of a project-based company for the manufacture of silicon from the area-melting equipment, single crystal manufacturing, silicon silicon processing and gbt.
Nationally produced igbt industrial chains: companies began to invest more in silicon in 2017, promising to become globally competitive semiconductor silicon enterprises.
The ratio of semiconductor materials and semiconductor devices totals 7.5%. The Māori ratio is rising steadily as the company expands in size.
The structure of the operating income of the company 2018h1 The State Treasury Board has a strong background: the Tianjin City State Finance Commission, as the actual and final controller of the company, indirectly holds 37.94% of the company's shares.
Capacity-building, steady growth in capital spending, and a healthy ratio of corporate assets and liabilities through a variety of financing channels, such as targeted increases, bond financing, and medium-term instruments. On 5 September 2018, in order to deepen the three institutional reforms of the company and create long-term incentives, the company developed the Equity Incentives Fund scheme, which provides incentives including the core.
Management cadres, core technical cadres, marketing cadres, “smiths and crafts” talent, and employees who should be encouraged, as determined by the company's remuneration and appraisal board and board of directors, became the first state-owned enterprise to implement equity incentives in Tianjin City, further deepening corporate institutional reforms.
In 2010, the company undertook the project “Research and development of silicon monocrystal materials for the use of igbt and optical electronic devices” and in 2011, as a team leader, it took on the national science and technology project “Silica monocrystals in the region” of the major project “Extra-large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and suites” (02 special).
The project “Industrial Technology and Development of National Production Equipment” established a long-term and stable advantage in the area of silicone crystals in the region, as the country's first producer of silicon monocrystal molten areas. The 2017 project was successfully accepted, and the company built a demonstration base for the industrialization of silicone monocrystals in the area of igbt, with internationally advanced product quality.
The current area of silicon single crystal polishing exports became the world’s third, the country’s first company capable of providing a bulk of eight-inch silicon silica polishing. The company has established a well-established international intellectual property system and patent layout, with a significant increase in industrial status and market occupation.
On several occasions, the company took over the technical and scientific projects of the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the city of Tianjin. On several occasions, it acquired the national torch programme, which focused on high-technology enterprises, innovative State-level enterprises, the national electronic information industry.
China’s Patent Award for Excellence, Houthi City’s First Award for Scientific and Technological Progress, China’s semiconductor innovation product and technology award, China’s top 10 growth semiconductor enterprises, top 10 semiconductor materials professionals, Forbes’ world’s most innovative growing enterprises (China’s only three companies are in the net), etc.
The national torch programme focuses on new technology enterprises and four departmental and ministerial research and development centres, with a cumulative portfolio of 246 authorized intellectual property rights, including 95 patents for inventions, 116 for practical innovations and 35 designs for integrated circuit layouts; 142 patents in processing form, with 105 patents for inventions and 37 for practical innovations.
2. One of the oligarchs, with a stable pattern, higher profitability, 2.1, high demand growth, reduced costs, a shift in drivers, and increased domestic demand abroad. In recent years, it has been accompanied by policies, supply and demand.
Changes in industry and development, the cost of photovoltaic systems has been declining, with a 90 per cent reduction in the cost of photovoltaic power in 2004-2017, the cost of photovoltaic systems having been reduced to $5/w in 2017, the cost of systems is expected to be reduced to $4.6/w in 2019, and the cost of electricity per degree will be reduced to 0.4/kWh and will be lower than the coal power pole in part 1
Prices; in 2020, the cost of the system continued to decline, with the cost of the system falling to about $4.3 million/w, while the cost of electricity per degree dropped to 0.36/kWh, which would basically lead to a national end-of-power parity. The lower cost would stimulate high growth in overseas markets, which we expect to demand about 60gw in 2019.
Europe, India and emerging markets have opened further, Europe’s mip has come to an end, the prices of its components have fallen dramatically, the stimulus needs have to rise sharply, indigenous +Taiwan’s 5gw production capacity is expected to be replaced, India’s photo-voltage needs are huge, and there is uncertainty about guaranteed taxes; Australia’s households are growing rapidly with light-volts, and there will be a number of emerging gw-level markets worldwide.
In addition, domestic policies were restored after “531” and the size of domestic subsidies is expected to shift to “cost + market” in 2019. After a reshuffling of the industry in 2018, the pattern of competition became clearer and the profitability of the industry returned to a reasonable level.
Single crystals continue to benefit from up-and-down expansion dividends, and their share continues to expand and increase profitability. In the photovoltaic industry chain, upstream silicon material is being collected and purified, and the crystal-growing process takes a single silicon or multi-crystal silicon silicon silicon, and takes a step forward in the production of PV cells and components in the middle, and is eventually being used in power stations.
Market share, domestic single crystal penetration rate of about 36 per cent in 2017, global rate of about 27 per cent, single crystal replacement acceleration in 2018, yuan/kg), single crystal silicon silicon with a guaranteed 15 per cent Māori rate, which can be reduced voluntarily by 5 per cent to 2.9 yuan/pieces, e.g., a negative average Māori rate for a multi-crystal silicon follow price, and an insufficient industry start-up rate, and therefore a single crystal market share.
As it continues to expand, multi-crystal backward capacity will quickly exit the market. With the double advantage of falling costs, the impending Internet access and the continued expansion of the single-crystal market share, the monocrysil sector is bound to gain an enhanced market space, and the current monocrystal market has become a more stable double home.
Monopoly patterns, Lungi shares 15gw in 2017, we expect to reach 28gw in 2018, improved supply-side structures, return of profitability, monocrystal efficiency mainstreamed: down the chain of silicon industries, trending towards the development of high-efficiency batteries, in line with the China Road Map for the Development of Photovoltage Industries (2017)
The technological route and the efficiency of single crystal cell conversions have increased, so now single crystal perc batteries have higher growth and larger replacement space, have become the dominant market, with about 15 per cent of the market occupied in 2017, with an improved productivity, competitiveness, a rapid increase in market share, and the need for single crystal silicon.
2.2. The middle ring, one of the two oligarchs of silicon, has a stable pattern of competition and increased profitability. The current monocrystal silicon pattern is stable. Lungi shares and companies form a global double monopoly, and with a high level of technology and high cost control, have a competitive advantage over latecomers. In 2018, Central Ring shares and Lungi shares.
It accounts for 72% of the total global production of single crystal silicon, and it is much more productive than other enterprises. cfz technology advantages increase product competitiveness: with years of accumulation of electronic-grade semiconductor silicon technology, the public sector has a technological advantage in the solar-grade silicon field, unlike the rcz technology route used by Lungi shares.
The company uses patent technology cfz, which overcomes the inherent flaws of the straight-law and zone-melting methods commonly used in the industry, the stability of the crystal interface, the low power consumption, the efficiency of the PV conversion of products and the quality of products, and has a clear competitive advantage in high-end applications, where the company is currently operating with high-efficiency n silicon and traditional p silicon
With Lungi shares starting in 2013 on a large scale, the cost has dropped significantly, and the Māori rate has risen. The company’s gold line has been remodelled a little late, but it can be seen that as production lines have been further improved, the Māori level of Lungi’s share product is close to that of the Māori.
A comparison of the company ' s Māori share ratio with Lungi ' s share ratio (%) High capacity utilization and steady increase in capacity: the company carried out four stages of capacity-building projects in single crystal silicon from 2009 to 2018 and two projects in energy enhancement, four of which were fully produced and four were remodelled
By the fourth quarter of 2018, full production will be achieved, with the company-wide solar-scale single crystalline silicon material producing capacity totalling more than 23gw per year, maintaining a global leadership in the field of new energy materials; and continuing to push the crystal manufacturing base in Inner Mongolia beyond design through management optimization, process re-engineering, and the transformation of its sophisticated manufacturing towards digitization and intelligence.
Capacity. The 10gw diamond line cutting super thin silicone project in Jiangsu has been completed and is now fully operational, increasing market supply through technological advances and fine manufacturing, and building modern smart factories. From 2015 to 2018, the company ' s capacity utilization and sales rates were maintained at over 90%, depending on technological advantages and costs.
The advantage is to maintain steady growth in production, production and sales. 2.3. The strategy is structured in a comprehensive manner, leading to coordinated upstream and downstream development. 2009 saw the China-Europe Company, a central ring subsidiary, and Shanghai space machine power co-investing in the formation of the Inner Mongolia Central Ring.
Photovoltaic Materials Co. Ltd., the establishment of a mesmerized photovolt marks the company’s march into the monocrystal silicon industry. Industrial chain layout: In 2015, the company co-financed the Eastern Ring Corporation, a subsidiary that currently has 11 single-crystal battery production lines with 1.2gw capacity upgraded through perc technology.
The above monocrystal batteries are capable of producing three high-efficiency collusive assembly lines with 750mw capacity. In 2015, the company and the company g.m.g co-financed the Tianjin Ring Energy Technology Ltd., which ended in 2017 with a 100% equity acquisition against the United States Ring, with the main production of high-efficiency solar cell components and a wide range of products.
In 2017, the company acquired national photovoltaics, invested in a tin-free high-efficiency stacking project, 5gw, and further enhanced the competitiveness of batteries and components.
Downstream layout of the industrial chain: In 2013, the company, in partnership with Sunpower, formed the summer spotlight company, which used the company ' s efficient and high-quality monocrystal silicon tablets, while using the Sunpower battery technology to produce concentrated light photovoltaic power systems, with the aim of developing an efficient photovoltaic power station at 7.5gw in Inner Mongolia, with the ultimate goal of reaching
By 2018, the company had built a total of 25 photovoltaics up the chain of industry: 30% of the shares were invested in Xinjiang in July 2017. In August of the same year, the Department and Paulie agreed on a preliminary cooperation plan to produce multi-crystal silicon, single-crysotile bar production, single-crystal production, single-crystal production.
Silicon silicon processing, photovoltaic power plant development, etc. Xinjiang Xinjiang is now the most important multi-crysilica production base for multi-crysilica-heading companies, with a total capacity of 4-660,000 tons, officially operational in 2018, will meet the company's demand for high-purity silicon materials, provide stable multi-crysil silicon supply security, and moderate price volatility.
To support the company’s monocrystal competitive cost advantage, the big silicon semiconductor industry, with a global shortage plus a national alternative profit company, 3.1, semiconductor is a cyclical industry, with communications, artificial intelligence, and new energy vehicles contributing to new growth.
Semiconductor products can be divided into integrated circuits, separation devices, optical appliances, sensors, etc., and are the core units of most electronic products. The semiconductor has a wide range of industries, including communications, computers, automobiles, electronics, consumer electronics, medical electronics, and so on.
The second wave, desktop computers and networks, the third wave, laptops, mobile phones and LCDs, the fourth wave, smartphone applications, the fifth wave of new artificial intelligence, object networking, 5g, etc., starting in 2015, with the support of 5g, will generate and process a large amount of data.
There has been a significant increase in the demand for storage, sensors, and communication tools. At present, driven by policy and technological developments in countries, new energy vehicles are being sold up, cars are being Electrified, intelligent, electronic parts of cars and semiconductor devices are being required, and the size of the semiconductor market will be growing steadily over the long term; artificial intelligence will be developed.
Developments in the energy industry will boost the output of high-performance servers; rapid developments in the material network will activate a large number of intelligent terminals and demand for processors, sensor-grade wireless communication chips. According to the gartner study, global semiconductor sales reached $400 billion in 2017, a significant increase.
21.6%, in 2018, or $450 billion. As the global economy recovers, demand for consumer-type electronics such as pc, mobile phones, liquid crystal television, etc., and demand for new applications (material networking, wearable equipment, cloud computing, big data, new energy, medical electronics, security electronics, etc.) is strong, and storage prices are high.
According to wsts, global semiconductor sales will reach $412.2 million in 2017, correspondingly to growth in the silicon market and semiconductor market: the global semiconductor industry has moved into a new climate cycle starting in the second half of 2016, and global semiconductor sales have increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, reaching their first breakthrough of 400 billion in 2017.
The height of the semiconductor market also leads to the upstream semiconductor silicone industry, leading to a huge increase in the same volume of silicone. In the second quarter of 2018, the global semiconductor silicone silicon came out of 3.16 billion square inches, an increase of 6.1 per cent compared to a rise of 16.8 per cent two years ago, and silicon is the most important upstream material in the semiconductor chain.
The current production power semiconductor uses mainly 6 inches and 8 inches of silicon, the microcontrolr uses 8 inches of silicon, the chip and the storage chip require 12 inches of silicon, so that with the development of semiconductor technology and changes in market demand, silicon is now moving towards large sizes.
Silicon production capacity is limited, and prices are rising. Because the semiconductor silicon industry has gone through years of low tides and prices are at a lower level, the major producers of silicon are more cautious about investing in the expansion of production.
There's a production extension plan, but the amount of new capacity will be available at least until 2019. Currently, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon are in short supply, and the inventory of downstream crystal-crystal manufacturers is falling rapidly. 3.2, silicon is monopolized by overseas manufacturers, with more than 90 per cent of cr5.
Because semiconductor silicon production is highly demanding for purity and precision of processing, and because of the very high barriers to the technical and financial strength of players in the industry, only a few enterprises worldwide have the capacity to provide semiconductor silicon, with 29.3 per cent in 2017, 26.6 per cent in Mitsubishi, 15.5 per cent in the ring crystal, and 91.3 per cent in Cr5.
On 12 inches of silicon, the monopolistic situation of the above five firms is even more pronounced, accounting for nearly 98% of the market share of the global silicon market in 2017, and 12 inches of the global silicon market share.
We are in a large-scale construction cycle at the Crystal Circle Factory, and there is an urgent need to move away from the dependence on imports of silicon tablets, which is now the largest power plant in the Crystal Circle manufacturing industry.
Of the 26 crystallines currently being built, 4 8 inches and 22 12 inches are expected to be built in 2017, with only 30% of the 8 inch silicon needed in the country being self-sufficient, and 12 inches of silicon needed about 50-600,000 in months, 100% dependent on imports. And with mainland China taking over for the third time,
The semiconductor industry shift and the Government ' s strong support for the semiconductor industry, and mainland China is entering the peak of a wave of crystal round production lines, where the waiting line is settled, production capacity is released, and domestic silicon demand will increase significantly. 8 inches of silicon demand (millions per month)
Silicon is the most important semiconductor raw material, with a market size of $8 billion. Silicon is currently the most important semiconductor base material, and more than 90% of semiconductor chip products are made from silicon as a base material.
Silicon is also the most important raw material in semiconductor chip production, which has remained at 30 to 35 per cent of the cost of Fab materials. The global market for semiconductor materials reached $24.7 billion in 2016, with silicon chips accounting for 32 per cent of the total, reaching $7.9 billion, the largest semiconductor manufacturing material.
Figure 24: Cost composition of semiconductor fab materials. In 2017, the company invested $20 billion in a large silicon silicon project, in partnership with the City of Transistor Power and Tinless, which is the lead in the manufacture of single crystal growth equipment in the country.
In March 2018, the company ' s 8-inch polishing portfolio had reached 100,000 units per month, 300,000 units per month at the end of 2018, becoming a domestic tap; the 12-inch polishing test line had been completed and 20,000 units per month at the end of 2018. The company ' s tin-free plant produced 750,000 units per month, 12 inches, and 6 million units per month in 2022.
The company now has three industrial bases in the country, with low electricity prices in the Inner Mongolia region, mainly a single-crystal line base. Next, Tianjin City’s headquarters is a research and development center.
Table 6: The company's semiconductor production base will in the future raise funds to build large silicone projects to increase the company's profitability.
In 2019, the Department issued a non-public offer for a stock share, which was issued to no more than 10 specific investors and did not exceed 20 per cent of the total stock stock before the issuance, i.e. 557,031,294 shares, and the proposed collection of funds did not exceed 5 billion yuan, of which 4.5 billion yuan would be used to invest in an integrated circuit with an 8-12 inch semiconductor.
Silicon production line projects and additional liquidity are planned to build 750,000 8 inches per month and 150,000 12 inches per month in three years. This fund-raising will improve the corporate capital structure, reduce the debt ratio of capital, optimize the product structure, increase the share of semiconductor operations in revenue collection, and raise the company’s overall Māori base.
And 14.5 times the size of the new energy plate. And look at the firm's photovoltaic silicone tap, the semiconductor's beginning to release, and the elasticity of its performance, for the first time.
A “strongly recommended” rating is given.