In a troubled market, we've produced a number of studies, studies, research lists, lists, etc.
Small companies are now the stars of the market. For example, ecstasy, technology, office work, and iris soft technology, of which edifice can pull four ups and downs in seven days, and each ups and downs is a 20% increase, driving the whole science-making board crazy.
However, of all these companies, two were even more impressed with our research, the Mid-Medical Division, and the Hua Xi creature. In particular, in its report six months ago, China-Medium, in its title, we called out: “This is the real science-making company” and concluded that it was the “hard nuclear unit” of all the companies on the board.
Its core business is: the core of semiconductor equipment - the corrosion machine. This company, which was the only Chinese company in the report of the Technical Advisory Committee to the President on Ensuring the Long-Term Leadership of the User Semiconductor.
In terms of precision, its staple product has reached 7nm, and it has entered into the production line of power from the world’s dragon-dry mill. And, in terms of precision, 7nm is not its limit, and it can do 5 nm, which is no longer lost to the international giant.
It's the firm that's the target, the giant carving machine in the US, the Rams study, and you can feel the way it's painted in the U.S.:
And looking at a share, another company that can work as an etching machine – North China, where technology is still at 28 nm – has only entered the production line of the center core international. The name of this case is a mid-middle-middle-middle-middle-conductor.
Direct data: Between 2016 and 2018, revenues amounted to 610 million yuan, 972 million yuan, and 1,639 million yuan, net of negative net profits, net of capitalized R&D costs, taking into account the capitalization of R&D costs in the mid- and semi-conductor sector. Now, when the data come here, there are a few important issues that warrant all of us to reflect on:
1) What is the business logic of the semiconductor industry and why are the technical barriers so high? 2) How does the medium semiconductor tear the monopoly of technology so that it becomes a source of hope for the Chinese semiconductor industry? 3) In the future, is it possible for the medium semiconductor to catch up and rub the international giant on the ground?
4) It is well known that the valuation of technology companies is one of the more difficult areas in the entire valuation system. This area is high risk, high returns, difficult valuations — the important question here is how a company such as the Middle and Middle Semiconductor is going to be, and today, we use the Middle and Medium Conductors, for example, to study the industrial logic of the lower semiconductor equipment, as well as the characteristics of the valuation.
With regard to track companies, we've studied such cases as power storage, Asma, Inveda, Texas instruments, Cyrus, Moi-Imagnification, and with respect to the Corporation, we've studied such cases as Quality, Rainbow Soft Technology, Science and Technology, Gold Mountain Office, Purchase of Nucleus II: Science and Technology Modelling Reports, access to relevant reports, and some of the priority cases.
The chip is made with three core components: membrane deposition, light etching, etching.
Machines, etching machines, which account for more than 70% of chip manufacturing costs. Among these, etching is a crucial step in crystal circle manufacturing, where the technology directly determines the size of the chip production process and is second only to the cost of light.
In the 1960s, corrosion was dominated by a “wet process” that soaked silicon silicon in a way that could react to an etched membrane layer.
However, one characteristic of the liquid is that it is “isotropicitching”, i.e. all directions of the surface to which the chemical agent is exposed are etched at the same speed, resulting in uncontrollable etching speeds, which cause deviations.
In the 1980s, the user-lead semiconductor equipment company, Applied Materials, applied marials (American share code amat), finally developed a new technology, the “dry carving process”, which has a strong “anisorotics” (anisolencyching) capable of making fine carvings of crystal circle.
The early dry etching was the use of electrodes to produce plasma-to-crystal surface etching, known as the capacitation plasma etching (ccp).The first in history in 1990 was proposed by lamresearch (Ram study) as an icp-based etching machine.
In the early 1990s, the semiconductor industry began to shift from Japan to South Korea and Taiwan, and the global semiconductor equipment supply taps amat, Rams (lamresearch) began to enter the country. But the chip industry in the interior was just emerging.
At this point, the founder of the medium-sized semiconductor, Yoon Zhiyong, who was the general manager of research and development in the same field, was known as “the Chinese of Silicon Valley’s core achievements.”
In 2004, 60-year-old Yoon Zhiyu saw a business opportunity for a domestic semiconductor, and the upstream semiconductor equipment industry remained in usa as chip manufacture moved to Asia on a large scale.
So Yoon decided to go home and start his own business, led a team of more than 30 people, broke through the lasa layer, confiscated all the art formulations, design drawings, and started a semiconductor from scratch.[1] But it's not that easy without the drawings to develop autonomously. A carving machine would be 1018 (millions trillion) more times a year.
A thin, deep contact hole or line, and a pass rate of 99.99 per cent. The challenge is as difficult as can be imagined. The analogy is that the accuracy of an etching crystal circle is equivalent to the construction of a high iron connected from Beijing to Shanghai with orbits that cannot exceed a single hairline.[2]
In 2005, with many years of experience, China’s first national dry-cutter, launched by China Microscopics, was a milestone in the development of semiconductor equipment. In 2007, China launched its first two-reaction platform etching series, each capable of processing two crystals simultaneously.
Crucial processing plants save about 30% of the cost. Yet, just as the carving machine was preparing to enter the power line, it was prosecuted by the old employers for using the material, and because there was insufficient evidence to settle it.
In 2015, following a field trip to Middle and Middle Point International, the Ministry of Commerce announced that it would abandon the Wassenaar Arrangement, which limited commerce. This event marked the first time that our company had broken the embargo on the high-end equipment of the world’s giants in the integrated circuits.
The total investment amounted to $480 million, with several rounds of financing, including the Goldman Sachs Group, Highton, Samsung, and Science-Tian investments becoming 2018, and the Moderate 7nm plasma carving machine being certified as a semiconductor for the first national production to enter the power line, compared to the 10nm process used in the previous Apple 11 chip and the Chinese 970 argon.
In March 2019, the Chinese emblem was declared to have been handed over. Well, seeing here, what do you think the Chinese emblem semiconductor is doing right?
The first shareholder was in Shanghai, with a 20.02% share in Shanghai, and the second with a 19.39% share in the investment.
In addition, it should be noted that the net cash flow from its operations in 2018 was much higher than the net profit, mainly due to advance payments.
A significant increase, from $0.02 billion in 2016 to $0.08 billion, is seven times the net profit of the current period. It means that its development expenditure is higher than its total assets, at 9.18 per cent. Its main business is carving equipment, mocvd equipment and related.
These two devices, we study separately: etching is one of the key steps in chip manufacturing, which is based on physical and chemical methods of removing silicon surfaces without material. They are usually divided into wet etchings, chemical reagents to remove silicon surface materials, and dry etchings, the latter using chemical reagents to remove silicon surface materials.
Plasma strikes silicon fragments in a way that removes surface material. Among these, dry etching is more controlled and accurate. 1) Plasma etching is a processor that uses dry etching. Depending on the material that is carved, plasma etching can be divided into: capacitated plasma etching machines, electrosensive plasma etching machines.
Capacitive plasma etching machines (ccp) - mainly for the generation of high energy ion, etching high depth structures on more rigid media materials (silicon oxide, silicon nitrous oxide, dioxide). Electrosen plasma etching machines (icp) - mainly for the generation of softer and thinner ions with lower and even energy levels
2) mocvd equipment - membrane deposition equipment for metal organic compounds (metal-organicchemicalvapordposition) which interacts with high purity metals or organic compounds
This is followed by the formation on semiconductor chip of an ultra thin extended plating layer, mainly used in led chip manufacture, and the mocvd device is the more expensive device in the led chip manufacturing chain, accounting for almost half of the cost of the led outer plating chip, as the outer membrane determines the led light source performance and quality.
2. mocvd Equipment Substream of corrosion equipment is mainly integrated circuit manufacturers, semiconductor sealers and the equipment is highly customized, so that gross mocvd equipment downstream is mainly led chip manufacturers with a relatively high degree of standardization, and combined Māori rates are relatively high
Low, Māori rates for 2016-2018 were 33.82 per cent, 38.13 per cent, and 26.33 per cent, respectively. To make it clear that we need to start with an analysis of the entire semiconductor industrial chain: Photo 8: Semiconductor industrial chain
The semiconductor industrial chain can be divided into top, centre and downstream, depending on the main production process: upstream - semiconductor material and equipment. The semiconductor raw materials include silicon, photo-engine, target material, etc.; the semiconductor equipment includes light carving machines, etching machines, thin film deposition equipment, ion injection machines, test machines, split machines, and probes.
Midstream - for the manufacture of integrated circuits. Including semiconductor chip designs, crystal-crystal process manufacturing and sealing downstream - are semiconductor applications. These are divided into four major types of terminal applications: integrated circuits, optical electronic devices, separation devices and sensors, of which integrated circuits are the main application terminals, representing 84 per cent of the ratio, followed by optical electronic devices, accounting for the ratio.
The distribution of value chains along the industrial chain is seen as follows: Upstream representative enterprises are: 1) light burners: Asma (morigin 45 per cent); 2) corrosioners: mid- and semiconductor (morigin 47 per cent); 3) membrane sediment equipment (Māori 42 per cent) Tokyo Electronics.
In the integrated circuit chip cost structure, crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment is larger, at 81 per cent. Moreover, the technical barriers to the track are high, with a market share of nearly 80 per cent for cr10, and an oligopoly situation. According to Semi, semiconductor equipment manufacturers in mainland China account for only 1-2 per cent of the global share.
Midstream representative enterprises have: 1) Chip Design: U.S. Hightower (55% Māori) 2) Substitute Industrial Manufacturing Plant: Station Power (48% Gross) 3 Ban: Sun and Moon Light (Māori: 20%).
Industry entry barriers are lower and national production rates are higher. Subconductor downstream applications are broader: smartphones are used mainly in applications and apples are used on behalf of businesses (Māori 38 per cent); and security surveillance is used on behalf of enterprises with Heiconway (Māori 44 per cent).
We've chosen a few companies from the United States, and we've learned from it: upstream, Asma -- finishing up the chain, let's look at the basics of the case:
Medium- and semi-conductor, which is located in the semi-conductor industrial chain in the upper equipment track. Medium- and micro business models can be roughly divided into four steps: R & D — signing customer orders — producing — selling.
Technology, of course. In this case, the medium semiconductor, the main business is the capacitation plasma etching device (ccp) and the electrosensive plasma etching device (icp). This is the two technical streams of the corrosion machine.
Look first at ccp-capacitancecouplaplasma, which is based on two parallel electrode panels, which speed up discharge through the electric field, produce two electrodes and plasmas, release high-energy ions at the top of two polar plates, and release low-energy ions at the bottom to carve silicon material on the surface.
It is characterized by the ability to achieve separate control of the upper and lower capacitor panels. But, when the ccp capacitor plasma is close to the two power source frequencies, dual-frequency discharges can have a stronger non-linear effect, resulting in uneven plasma concentrations. The etching technique can lead to rough surface or bottom damage of the silicon.
So, ccp needs mediums and metal materials with high-energy ion reaction etchings, and its technology mainstream currently represents the business of Tokyo Electronics (tel), with a market share of 54%, followed by Ram studies.
After ccp technology, icp-inductioncouplaplasma, electrosensive plasma etching, entangled by electric current rims, has solved the problem of ccp homogeneity.
Gas silt glass tubes discharge plasma; tcp, transformcoupleplasma, flat-surface diagonal plasma, which places the sensor coils in one plane on the basis of icp, so the ion of tcp is more demanding than the ccp technology, and the sense can be more dense and evenly distributed at lower voltage than the capacitative discharge.
The plasma, which is less harmful to the crystal circle, is capable not only of carving the medium, but also of cutting the more difficult silicon materials. At present, only two countries are able to produce ancp devices, one nmc612d from the North, and the other is a high-end series of primonanova from the mesmeric semiconductor.
The level of R & D, as reflected in the financial statements, is the level of investment in R & D, with a high share of R & D spending between 2016 and 2018. Is this industry characteristic of R & D? Let's compare with industry: Application material (mat) — R & D expenditure was $1.540 billion, $1.774 billion, 20.19 million between 2016 and 2018.
In terms of R & D expenditures in the North, from 2016 to 2017, 758 million yuan and 736 million yuan, the absolute value of R & D inputs in the North, in terms of R & D expenditures, is far less than that of global leading producers, but by contrast, the share of R & D investment in the Medium Semiconductor is high, but behind the high R & D is the problem.
Of course, in areas where technology is extremely demanding, capitalization is understandable. The capitalization of R & D costs, which we have mentioned many times before, is also an important difference in US accounting standards.
Given the subjective nature of the criteria used to define the capitalization of R & D costs, what is the gap between the meso-semi-conductors and the international giants? Where is the gap?
The core of chip manufacturing is the process, which is the precision (unit: nm). The difference between the two machines is clear by contrasting the etching process: Nmc612d — its peak chip production process is 28nm, which has entered the center core international production line;
Primonanova of the mid-microconductor -- an etching application covering 14 nm, 7 nm, to 5 nm dimensions, of which 7 nm has entered the power production line. The precision of 5 nm has been matched to the current equipment level of the international giant.
The difference is not so optimistic. The level of precision is not applied to all materials. At present, dry etching is classified according to the type of material that is carved into three categories: metal etching, medium etching and silicon etching.
(c) Silicon etching, mainly for removing unwanted silicon materials.
The etching is the etching of the transistor, whose process directly defines the process (precision) of semiconductor chips. So, we focus on silicon etching, how difficult it is to carve, and we use the index of silicon material as a choice for etching.
For example, a crystal circle consists of multiple layers of material stacking, carving only the upper layer of material (material 1) while ensuring that lower layers of material (material 2) are not etching. The ratio of the material to the material 2 etching speed is called the “choice ratio”, and the higher the selection, the higher the technical process is.
Metal etching options are relatively low, ranging from 4:1 to 20:1, followed by medium etching, ranging from 20:1 to 50:1, while silicon etchings, due to the very small size of multiple crystalline silicon bars, shallow trough isolation etc., require extremely high accuracy, ranging to about 150:1.
Atom layer etching (ale) is the more advanced technology of the current silicon etching technology, which allows for targeted etching (only in one direction) or carving in each direction (in all directions) with a higher choice.
And in this case, the medium semiconductor equipment is still in the carving phase of the medium and has not yet reached the point of silicon etching. In terms of global city occupancy, Ram studies occupy the market, accounting for 55% of the corrosion market, more than twice as much as Tokyo ' s electronics (20%) and applications (19%).
So, while the middle half-conductor (3% of the city) is a national leader, there is a gap between the world’s giants. Let’s feel the stock-prices of the Ram studies: So, in the face of this technological gap, what is the middle-half-conductor that is likely to do in the future?
Can you catch up with the giants? The answer is that, since technology can't go beyond that in the short term, there's only one thing: control costs. But the control costs here are not just controlling their own costs, but also helping to control the costs downstream.
First, it looks like downstream control costs. In 2007, the "primod-rie" dual-reaction station etching series was introduced in the middle and center, with each device system capable of installing two reaction stations, each of which simultaneously corrode the crystal circle. The unit investment in the two-reaction counters increased the output ratio by more than 30% over the same type of equipment and reduced the cost of crystal-recording by 20-40%.
The corrosion devices of MSMEs, such as primod-rie, primoad-rie, and tsv, employ two-response high-yielding technology, with six separate single-reaction stations or three two-reaction stations. A dual-reaction station etching device can help clients reduce their costs.
The Chinese Insignia dual-reaction station etching device, which means that using medium- and semiconductor equipment, the unit production is more efficient and less costly. For downstream control costs, the Ram studies also set a precedent.
In 2011, Ram studied the acquisition of the NORMS, based on its own etching techniques, combined with its membrane deposition techniques, and coordinated with process solutions, to save downstream customers their manufacturing costs. When the acquisition was completed, Ram’s equipment was sold and the rate of increase increased from 20% to 30%.
Figure 12: Panlin and Nova Systems: Technical thresholds for synergies in operating income and directions for future upgrades. In addition, are there any other products that help to save costs downstream? It is assumed that once something new comes out, there is a high probability of an outbreak of performance.
See, R & D spending is the core part, while R & D is mainly the wage of R & D employees, which is 40.46%, but note that this place, in fact, has an obvious advantage over the US share of Ram studies.
Eight, conductor engineers can top $780,000 a year, about five times the median. In an interview, Yoon Zhiyu revealed that the average salary of a mid-sized core technician is about half that of the United States, down to one-fifth.
In the long run, therefore, there is a technological possibility of catching up with the international giants. At the same time, many people may say that China’s wages are cheaper than those of the US, and that they will not attract the world’s best engineers.
To ask such questions means that there is not enough understanding of the technology moat. According to previous research on technology companies, for many high-tech areas such as pharmaceutical research and development, semiconductors, so-called technology mounds, it's basically the same level as the leader of the research and development team. For example, what is the level of a certain unit in a hospital, one?
What the level of research and development is in a pharmaceutical company, what the level of investment in a private fund is, there's a lot to do with the basics and the leaders of the disciplines because, in these races, it's a typical “knowledge-intensive” industry. A leader with a core technology is better than a hundred engineers without a core technology. At the same time, the leaders of such a discipline probably know how to build.
The research team, how engineers who do not have the core technology, through training, can be leaders of future disciplines, even beyond themselves. Thus, the technical moat of this case is largely based on the research capabilities and past experience of Yoon Zhiyu, the founder of this case.
In a case like this, as long as the leadership of the discipline is strong enough to develop, it's natural to get the right people on a lower pay scale. On the other hand, if the core leader doesn't have core R & D capability, even if the price is high, it doesn't necessarily take the opposite case, taking a track that we've studied before, and the previous R & D leader of the Beida pharmaceutical industry leaves the city to protect.
Back in this case, Yoon Zhiping, when he spoke of China-China competition with giants, referred to two core points: 1) to increase downstream efficiency, 30% to 50% of chip output through two-stage machines; 2) to develop the same quality at half the cost.
This case saw that the logic of technology, the power of research and development, and the direction of future development have been spelled out, and that the next step would be to sell a semiconductor, mainly on a customized basis, in order to sell the product. That is, to collect a portion of the "pre-receipt" and so on, after the product has been delivered for acceptance, then to collect the final payment. That is to say, its advance payment would reflect its hand order.
The same kind of financial track, which we have studied in our professional report banks, includes custom homes, clothing, software, military workers, etc.
In 2016-2018, the medium-sized pre-receipt bill was estimated at $0.02 billion, $ 370 million, $ 680 million, representing the share of revenue collected, 2 etching equipment, and mocvd equipment sales analysis.
I wonder if you've noticed one detail: the historical pattern of growth of the two types of equipment is different, with mocvd increasing steadily and growing each year, while corrosion equipment dropped by 41% in 2017? The answer is: different downstreams lead - mocvd goes downstream to the industry, and the industry goes down to the industry because of subsidies.
The process of transfer to mainland China has accelerated, and growth has been more stable. Erosion equipment is made downstream, with a higher concentration of producers in the crystal processing industry and a 60% market share of the power plant.
In 2016, sales in the semiconductor industry reached the bottom of the scale, leading to too much caution in the predictions of crystal-crystal-generation plants, such as tiles and tristars, about the need to find solutions in 2017, when capital expenditure on stationic electricity fell from 27 per cent to 1 per cent, affected by downstream capital spending and the sale of small and medium-sized corrosion equipment.
In 2018, investments by domestic integrated circuit manufacturers continued to increase substantially, with semiconductors on the mainland rising to build plants. In 2018, ground semiconductor equipment was sold at a rate of more than 40%, influenced by the explosion of a crystal circle plant, and the sale of corrosion equipment increased significantly.
1) The chip level is getting finer; 2) the integrated circuit is developing from 2d to 3d; as physical limitations on the basic semiconductor material highlight, the fixed cost of manufacturing the chip will become increasingly high, the ratio of investment in upstream semiconductor equipment will be increasing and the process will be more demanding.
The round production line cost $2 billion, and the 20nm cost $6.7 billion, with semiconductor equipment spending 70% of the 90nm line and 85% of the 20nm process. Thus, the industry ceiling for semiconductor equipment will increase as the process is refined.
In fact, it's also the reason why the Middle Half-conductor has been able to free the US from the export restrictions on corrosion machines – in cases where the technology gap is small, once the US has banned the export of its domestic corrosion machines, it will be forced to buy domestically produced equipment from factories, which in turn will.
Well, the advance payment is in place, and then it's in the production process. What's the core of the manufacturing process?
Looking first at raw materials, there's no core raw materials, there's a dependence on a particular enterprise, making an etching device at a cost of about 60-65%, the higher of which is raw materials, about 60-65%.
The corrosion machine involves a large number of parts and components of raw materials, which are divided into eight major categories, namely, mechanical, electrical, electromechanical and electromechanical systems, which are relatively high, accounting for 39.45 per cent of all purchases of raw materials. However, the main spare parts for the mechanical category include more than nine major parts, so it is not clear from the graphs that the components are important in the raw materials.
In terms of supplier structure, the number of suppliers of small and medium-sized raw materials is as high as 350, and their top five suppliers are not fixed every year. These include ultra-colin microelectronics, admapinc., machine instruments, Xinjiang vanguard semiconductor, Angang Vision, An-Technology, Shinkoelectricindustriesco., ltd., Pearlkogyoco., Ltd.,
The top five suppliers accounted for 31.29 per cent, 35.07 per cent and $200 million of total procurement costs, representing 2 per cent, 1 per cent and 1.89 per cent of procurement costs, which is a relatively low indication of the non-possession of upstream raw materials, as well as a small voice through the “payable account” in the financial statements:
And what is the level of the other three accounts payable: Nord China, 597 million yuan for 2016-2017 and 947 million yuan for 2016-2017, respectively, as a proportion of the cost, compared to two equipment dealers in the country, who have a greater or even stronger voice over upstream.
We'll compare the other track, the supplier of Asml, the big light machine. Professor Ma Hoon, Research Center for Innovation, University of One Bridge, Japan, conducted an in-depth review of the failures of the two Japanese micro-films, Nikang and Yoshino. He studied the paper and noted that more than 90% of the spare parts from the Asml micro-cam were purchased from the outside, far more than the competitor nikon.
And Canon, “This particular procurement strategy is the key to asml becoming the leader of the market.”[2] Obviously, upstream parts are not really the core of the equipment for the manufacturer, and what answers are there in the manufacturing process: the equipment patent. In 2004, Yoon Zhiyu returned home and, after repeated confirmation by the US side, did not bring a single picture.[2]
Paper, before that, we had a blank in the etching field, but in 2005 just a year later, the middle half-conductor was made an etching device. In this particular detail, the power of R & D has become unquestionable.
In 2007, the U.S. applied material prosecution for the minor use of its commercial secrets to develop the equipment to demand cessation of the violations and compensation: in January 2009, the Ram study sued the mid-sized pyro-rie plasma corrosion machine against it in Taiwan, China, in 2017, and the U.S. Vico sued the central-medium mocvd equipment crystal carrier (the graphite tray) for the violation of its patent.
In the area of equipment, a single component is not the core, and a patent for equipment is the core. But, in addition to autonomous R & D, it can be obtained through M & A, by reference to the American stock giant Ram studies.
The industrial development logic of “autonomous R & D + M & A driver” has become a giant corrosion in the equipment industry. Ram’s own corrosion technology is in the vanguard of the industry, with six major mergers and acquisitions since 1997.
Moreover, in addition to the Ram study, another company in the area of equipment that we have studied before, namely, lithium battery equipment, which is first-hand intelligent, improved its product lines through the M&A purchase of new Titan energy sources, the future of which, according to the mid- and half-conductor invitation book, has a strategy for integrating the industrial chain through M&A:
(viii) Future development strategies The semiconductor equipment industry in which MSMEs is engaged has a wide range of growth space. The products currently developed by the company are based on such key equipment as plasma etching equipment, film deposition equipment, and
In the future, companies will expand product and market coverage through extended growth pathways such as M&As, and will continue to explore innovative applications of core technologies in the country’s population.
Figure 27: Future strategy. Okay, here's what we're looking at. Equipment is finished. Next is revenue recognition.
In the present case, income cannot be recognized immediately, mainly on the basis of the sale of stock, i.e., production plans based on downstream orders, but after the manufacture has been completed, they need to be shipped to the customer's warehouse for installation, in accordance with article IV of Enterprise Accounting Standard 14 — Income:
If the sale of goods requires installation and inspection, revenue is not recognized until the buyer accepts the goods and the installation and inspection is completed, and income is recognized when installation and inspection are completed. If the installation procedures are relatively simple, income is recognized when the goods are issued.
Releasing or hoarding? And looking at the stock structure: MSMEs consist mainly of two items, namely, commodities, which account for 33 per cent, 42 per cent and 46 per cent, respectively, and raw materials, which account for 52 per cent, 37 per cent and 41 per cent, respectively.
The percentage of raw materials increases in the sale mode, indicating that the enterprise has increased its hand orders; in the receipt and inspection mode, the goods are goods that have not been accepted without revenue being recognized. Since the corrosion equipment has been manufactured and has had to be removed into modules and shipped to the tourist workshop for installation, the customer has been able to complete the inspection and confirm the income after a certain period of operation.
In terms of stock structure, the distribution of goods has been rising year by year, with a decline in the share of finished goods, indicating a slight rise in the number of active orders, with at least $604 million in 2019 recognized as revenue. (Note that, for technically powerful equipment manufacturers, the delivery of goods is also part of the income reservoir.)
And then we compare the efficiency of the stock turnover: by contrast, the small and medium inventory turnover days are close to the North China initiative in about a year, while the foreign giants are much shorter than the domestic giants, which means better supply chain management.
In addition to the distribution of commodities, what about the voice of downstream clients in this case, we can see from the “receivables” that between 2016 and 2018, the moderate receivables were 212 million yuan, 511 million yuan and 515 million yuan, representing the share of revenue collected, and then three other accounts receivable:
In China, North - 694 million yuan for 2016 and 735 million yuan for 2017, representing the share of revenue collected, the turnover rate of the medium semiconductor accounts receivable is increasing, but it remains significantly weaker in terms of lower-to-down voice than in the Ram studies and applications material, twice the number of return days for the first two.
Well, we've done business logic, and we've made it clear that Medium and Medium are now domestic leaders, but there is still a big gap between the international giants, whether it's technology or downstream voice, but there is a possibility of catching up with the international giants, given the national alternative (collective drive) in industrial transfers and the engineer dividend (cost advantage).
So, here's the important part of the case: valuation. Note that valuations can be considered extremely difficult for companies in the science and technology category. These companies are high risk, high returns, high market volatility, high expected volatility, not easy to define between valuation zones, and, if the data are biased, millions and billions of dollars are lost in minutes.
If you've studied everything about a company, but you haven't studied its valuation, so to be frank, there's no such study.
In absolute valuation, we use the dcf model, in relative valuation, because of the volatility of the profits of the middle- and middle-level semiconductors, so we use pb, as well as the municipal rate of study applied to high-tech companies.
When you look at this, several of the main variables in the valuation model are already clear. When you assume that you're done, the model calculation is actually a detailed valuation model for some of the key companies, and please buy a technology version of the report.
In the case of Kimshan office, smart nine, Evert, for example, the modeling part of the valuation, as follows:
In the next report, we will address the following major issues in this case along these lines. It is only by thinking clearly about them that we can see this company thoroughly and form a logical circle.
Industrial logic alone allows for running around the secondary market – but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and risk are not clear:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones, and whether there are any points to think about?
What are the factors, and where are the factors? If the sensitivity analysis is done, how much is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain -- how is it different from the choice of different methods in the modelling of the valuation in this case? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a valuation model?
After the previous surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, what is the value of this case, what is the area, whether it's expensive or cheap?
Due to the details of the publicly available reports, there is a conflict with the payee who will be in charge of the M&A reports, so that the M & A team will be required to produce the reports, and part of the content will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the functions. In this case, it will be updated to the Nucleus II: Science and Technology Report Bank, which can be scanned at the bottom of the 2D.
Check out the core product of the eugenic core and obtain the model forms and invoices after purchase. Add staff micro-letters: ys_dsj
In addition to this case, the low-value, the security margin, the eight words that can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system, are also the masters of Barfit, Charlie Manger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neff, Joel Greenbrattt.
You can only live in the market if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis.
But since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and a rigorous calculation of data, the area of expertise is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore resource-restrictive.
This is a huge bottleneck in the career development and investment systems of our marketers, and that is the direction that the M&A team will work for for the rest of its life -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day for 10 years to study 10,000 companies.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of excellent valuation reports, all of which are concentrated in this library, on the one hand, the merger.
We're a group of researchers that focus on deep corporate research. This library, which enriches our research excellence, is a guide for all users of the M&A. I hope you'll get what you want: you'll get what you want every day you want.
This paper is based on public company affiliation and is organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information on accounts, audits, announcements, etc., to the public and not for future changes.
In doing so, any future changes have nothing to do with this paper. We try to be accurate, but we do not guarantee its integrity, accuracy, timeliness. Markets are risky, and research needs to be cautious. 3) With regard to the subject: Financial Modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the key industries and cases, not all the cases you need are covered. Please understand. 4) With regard to the platform: Excellent.
All the content of the team is exported only by the micro-credit platform, is not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting and violating the platform. [Data support] Part of the data from the study in this case is supported by the following institutions, and we thank the domestic city for that.
These institutions are essential if you are to do a professional study of the internal and external securities market. If you are interested in purchasing the data terminals of the above institutions, we can take over if you are welcome to contact us.