Shinji Shan Censorship, Cloud Software Services, KIMshan Office (68811.sh)
q3 The growth of income increased at an accelerated rate, with continuous additions to the ai and overseas operations at 30 October 2025, by 35.42 per cent more than the previous year, and by 39.01 per cent more than the same year, with net profit of $421 million being realized.
Quai and the letter-in-kind boosted the growth of q3 income, resulting in a marked improvement in net interest rates. 1) For the third quarter of the year, Wps' personal operations generated revenues of 899 million yuan, an increase of 11.18 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the company's expansion and fine-tuning of its operations, which led to the use of wpsai monthly and user fees.
Highest/minimum in year: and steady increase in user value; 2) as companies continue to refine collaboration and ai line products, and speed up abrupta shares/total equity (billions)
The business of wps365 continued to grow, with revenues of $201 million in three quarters, and the market value of the liquiditya (billions):
Accelerating the deployment of overseas markets, i.e., a product mix and a landscape. 1) In terms of overseas market expansion, as of October of this year, the number of Wpsoffice global monthly living equipment has reached 651 million, of which over 200 million are overseas monthly living equipment, in collaboration with Hightowers, aws, Google, etc.
In the ASEAN region, where the focus is placed, the number of wpsoffice monthly devices has reached 50 million, deep-seated and digitally constructed with local governments. Meanwhile, the company will release the wps365 overseas version at the end of the year, taking a step forward in opening up the overseas market; and 2) in the one layout, in July of this year, the company released wpsai 3.0.
The original office smarts wps are introduced, while the company has introduced cosmopolitan wpsaippt, rhino voice helper, etc., based on wpsai3.0.
There has been a significant increase in the number of wpsai monthly live users, which by the end of June of this year had reached 29.51 million. Thus, the company’s policy-making-ai product, which continues to evolve, is now being promoted in central and local party institutions.
The company, as the leader of its domestic office software, is expected to accelerate the commercialization of wpsai, adjust profit projections, while the Wps365 industry \triangleright performance is on track.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.