Kim Shan Office (68811.sh): Beneficiary letter recovery, wps software operations are growing faster than expected
The Kingsan office disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2025, the company achieved revenue in the first three quarters, the net profit of the mother, and the deduction of the main operating profits of the Beijing office software company, Kimshan, at 41.78 (year-on-year +15.21 per cent), 11.78 (year-on-year +13.32 per cent) and 11.49 (year-on-year +15.94 per cent) respectively.
The main products of the company are wpsoffice, wpsoffice, and wpsoffice.
Revenue-side companies continued to grow in robust and dynamic personal business, institutional operations grew in the number of wps 365, private enterprises and local state enterprises accelerated penetration, wps software benefits recovered, and three-quarter increases in the number of stock price zones (in dollars)
Personal operations grew robustly. This year, 899 million yuan was collected in the single quarter of the year for personal operations in Golden Hill (same as +11.18 per cent, or about 59 per cent of the total), and as of 30 September, the number of wpsoffice global monthly activities jumped to 669 million (same as +88.3 per cent), with mobile and pc monthly items.
At the multi-dimensional table communication meeting, the office announced that the number of daily devices in the wps form series (covering wps forms, multi-dimensional forms, etc.) has passed 100 million. The company has achieved its target of wpsai monthly activity, payment rates, etc., mainly on the basis of the release of new products.
On the corporate business side, the wps365 platform has maintained a high rate of growth, and the wps software benefits have generated more than expected growth. The wps365 platform operation and the wps software business list have generated income of $201 million (+71.61 per cent of the year, or approximately 34 per cent of the agency ' s business income) and $391 million (the same year).
Upgraded procurement to the wps365 platform, the private sector and local corporate clients have made good progress in terms of improved collaboration with the ai-line products, and the wps365 operation has maintained a sharp and high rate of growth, while the wps software operation has generated revenues of $262, 298, and 391 million, respectively, in the 1-3 quarter of this year.
The pace of bidding and confirmation has accelerated, with a clear trend toward an improvement in the marginal ring over the past three quarters. At the same time, the company’s government-owned al-ai product has been promoted in central and local party institutions to protect its clients from intellectual transformation.
Investment in R & D continues, improving profitability in three quarters of the year. The M & A rate is 86.46% in the single quarter of this year (+0.99 pt.) and 19.09% in the sales, management, R & D rates (-1.05 pt.) and 8.04% respectively.
The three-quarter net return to the mother ' s profit of 4.31 million yuan (+35.42 per cent for the year), with a net interest rate of 28.35 per cent (+2.15 pct for the year). At the same time, the cash flow of the company ' s operations in the three-quarter period amounted to 538 million yuan (+19.30 per cent for the year), higher than the net return to the mother and higher overall profit quality.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Kimsan Office as the leader of the domestic office software, with wide scope for growth, competition, excellent patterns and robust growth of its personal business; wps365 high-speed, with label clients expected as an example to continue to act as pullers: wps software continues to benefit from IT restoration.
Easter financial and intellectual sources, Kimsan Office (68811.sh): Recovering the benefits, the speedier-than-expected landing of wps software operations and the opening of longer-term growth in the company. We expect the company to return to its motherhood in 2025-2027.
The business is not as repaired as expected, the business is not as advanced as expected.
Kim Shan Office (68811.sh): Recovering the benefits, wps software is growing faster than expected.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Kim Shan Office (68811.sh): Recovering the benefits of the revolution, wps software has grown faster than expected, and does not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.