KIMshan Office (688111) Report on the evaluation of the third quarter of 2025
Rapid growth in performance in the third quarter with a significant increase in profitabilitya total equity (millions): net return of $421 million, an increase of 39.01 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities
538 million yuan, an increase of 19.30 per cent in the same year. • Wps personal operations grew steadily, and i capacity continued to be empowered. In the third quarter of 2025, Wps personal operations achieved revenue of 899 million yuan, an increase of 11.18 per cent.
The company has contributed to a steady increase in the value of wpsai, the number of paid users and the value of users through the introduction of new products and the finer operation of markets, both within and outside the country. As of 30 September 2025, the number of Wpsoffice full-time lunar active equipment was 669 million, an increase of 8.83 per cent.
Monthly active equipment: 316 million, an increase of 14.05 per cent over the same period; Wpsoffice mobile version of monthly active equipment: 353 million, an increase of 454 per cent over the same period.wps 365 and wps software operations both registered high growth and the overall speed of the message-making process accelerated.
Annual report highlights: steady growth in revenue, a sharp increase in wps 365, and a revenue gain of $201 million for wps 365 operations in the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 71.61 per cent over the previous year.
The high growth trend in the business was sustained by the continued growth of product power and industry.
The software business generated revenues of $391 million, an increase of 50.52%. The pace of bidding and confirmation in the third quarter accelerated, leading to a strong growth in the business. At the same time, the company’s policy-making-ai product, which continues to be replicated in central and local party institutions, is now in place to safeguard the intellectual transformation of its clientele.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, and is driven by a two-wheel drive of policy and technological change, and there is plenty of room for sustained growth in the future.
The increase in the number of user payers was lower than expected: the national production substitution process was lower than expected: other firms entered the office software market, and the risk of increased competition in the market; macro-environmental risks.Indices, Hong Kong market benchmark is a consistent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the agreement transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.