a1 & Two-wheel drive, q3 achieving good growth, good growth in the first three quarters, speed of bid for credit, driving wpsai month through the roll-out of new products and fine operation of markets, both within and outside the country.
The number of users living, paying for money and the value of the users have steadily increased, and the business income has been growing steadily. By September 30, 2025, the number of Wpsoffice global monthly active equipment was 669 million, an increase of 8.83 per cent compared to 8.83 per cent. Of this, the Wpsofficepc monthly active equipment was 316 million.
The increase of 14.05 per cent in the same year; the 353 million monthly active equipment on the Wpsoffice mobile version, the Division's continuous improvement in collaboration with the ai line products, the progress of private enterprises and local corporate clients, the effectiveness of the increase in product power and industry influence and the continuation of the high growth of the business
The pace of bidding and confirmation of the party’s coup d’état has accelerated, leading to a strong growth in the business. At the same time, the public administration’s protagonist product, which continues to overlap, is now being promoted in central and local party institutions to protect its clients’ intellectual transformation.
Released wpsa13.0 and launched the native office smart body with the highest/minimum price within 52 weeks, with a strategic focus on “ai, collaboration, internationalization” and continuous succession optimization
Products, sustained super-competitive competition in the field of smart office for the first half of the year, company release wpsai 3.0 and launch of the native office smart body, including ai file change, rhino voice helper, kkingsoft
Wpsaipt, wps knowledge base, etc.. The original office intelligent "wpsrind coorporationlimited rhino" is a core capacity carrier of wpsai3.0 and combines multiple ai functions according to demand.
Using different capabilities to perform related operations, intelligent and efficient performance of complex tasks marks a shift in a company’s ability from tool-type applications to co-ordinated intelligence. Based on wpsai3.0, the company introduces new features such as ai changing documents, rhino voice assistants, wpsaippt, wps knowledge base, etc.
To promote ecological cooperation, September fit with Dragonxelite, the 2025 Dragon Summit was held in Beijing from 24 to 25 September, where the company announced the launch of aipc-enhancable wpsoffice, an enabling version of the Dragonx platform.
Based on the performance advantages and arithmetic of the Tothoronx series platform, the start-up speed is 20% higher than that of the other systems. In this collaboration, wpsoffice fully utilizes the performance advantages of the thong series platform by matching the depth of aipc.
In parallel scenes, where high-speed responsiveness and low-capacity performance were demonstrated, providing high-impact solutions for mobile offices, this collaboration marked the integration of hardware numeracy 10 software scenarios into a practical sequence, and the finer operation of markets, both at home and abroad, which led to a steady increase in wpsai operations.
The firm as a whole is expected to grow at an accelerated pace, with accelerated bidding and acceptance of credit creation operations. For the first time, the cover is given a “buy-in” rating.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.