Trade friction is expected to drive the development of domestically produced software.
In addition to the control rules, the attachments are in the wps format (Golden Hill products), and the annexes to the previous bulletin are in the Word or pdf format. In addition, the United States may implement software export controls on China in the area of software.
For the first time, the Ministry of Commerce annex uses the wps format and the related trade frictions or will spread to the software area: the Ministry of Commerce issued Circular No. 61 of 2025 on 9 October, imposing export controls on some items related to rare earth outside China that contain Chinese components.
The annexes are in wps format, whereas the annexes to the bulletin were previously in Word or pdf format. In addition, the latest TRP tweets about 100% of China's tariff increases, while mentioning that export controls will be applied to all "keys software". We believe that the above-mentioned events reveal a proliferation of trade frictions.
As far as software is concerned, external pressure will once again push the domestic software innovation industry to develop further. The company’s wps, as the most important office software product in the country, are expected to take advantage of the wind to accelerate the increase in the share of the domestic market, leading to the growth of the company’s performance.
In the first half of the year, i-Technology led the rapid growth of wps365 operations: in the first half of the year, companies achieved income of $2.66 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent in the same year; in the first half of the year, the net return to the mother was $750 million, an increase of 3.6 per cent in the same year; in the first half of the year, the net return to the mother was $730 million, an increase of 5.8 per cent in the same year, and in the first half of the year, Wps personal operations were recorded.
Revenues of $1.75 billion, an increase of 8.4 per cent over the same period, maintained robust growth as the main source of revenue; wps software industry revenue of $540 million, a decrease of 2 per cent in the letter-based rhythm; and wps365 operations revenue of $310 million, a significant increase of 62.3 per cent over the same period, benefiting from the Wps365 platform ' s ability to collaborate through improved documentation.
Incorporation of the ai tool has led to a significant increase in product competitiveness and the addition of a large number of label clients, such as China Connect, the Yangtze Tribute Group.
KIMshan Office has been promoting research and development for a long time and actively embraces a new era: the company has been investing in a related field of research and development, increasing the competitiveness of the person, officially launching a public survey under the flag of wpsai, anchoring aigc interior creation, copilot intellectual assistant, insight knowledge in three strategic directions, overall targeting
Microsoft365copilot has been connected to wps text, demonstrations, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc.
New experience. We believe that the future pattern of wps+gpt is expected to open up new growth space, and that, on the one hand, a simpler and intelligent office model will lead to an expansion of the user community, and on the other hand, the gpt smart office will be expected to attract free users to speed up their conversion fees, fee penetration and arpu will be expected to increase in both directions.
Lines + gpt will have the potential to generate more new products, and a ai office assistant similar to Microsoft's Businesschat will be one of the new product options for the company's potential future layout. In the future, the company will further increase its investment in the ai field, introduce more innovative ai capabilities, and continue to expand the ai technology.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or part of the report.