The commercialization of the ai continues, and the start-up business accelerates down 30 October 2025: Recently, the office released its three-quarter report for 2025.
\triangleright achieved operating income of $4.178 billion, an increase of 15.21 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $1,178 million, an increase of 2025q3, wps personal operations showing good earning resilience, wps365 operations and wps software
\triangleright’s business is growing robustly with the power of one. The company succeeds in building an integrated cloud, a collaborative and a proxies system that not only creates a new smart office model, but also allows users to enjoy a new, intelligent office experience.
1) wps personal operations: 899 million yuan, an increase of 11.18 per cent from the previous year. The company is driving wpsai monthly work, the number of paid users and the use of them through the introduction of a new product by ai \triangleright and the finer operation of markets, both within and outside the country.
Household values have risen steadily, and the business income has increased steadily. As of 30 September 2025, Wpsoffice had 669 million monthly active equipment globally, an increase of 8.83 per cent. Of this, the wpsoffice pc version had 316 million monthly active equipment, an increase of 14.05 per cent; and the wpsoffice mobile monthly activity.
353 million jump equipment, an increase of 454 per cent over the same period. 2 Wps 365, Research Assistant: $201 million, an increase of 76.61 per cent over the same year.
\triangleright \trangleright \trangleright collaboration with the ai-line products, private enterprises and local state-owned clients have made good progress, and product power and industry influence continue to increase, continuing the high growth trend of the business.
3) wps software business: 391 million yuan, an increase of 50.52% from the previous year. The party ' s campaigning and collection speed accelerated, leading to a strong growth of the business. At the same time, the company ' s business manager ' s products continued to fall into line with 1. Kimshan office (6881.sh) mid-2025:
On 9 October 2025, the Ministry of Commerce issued Proclamation No. 61 of 2025, the annex to which includes the company review of the Kimshan office (6881.sh):
The list of items and the Compliance Notice guide, which uses the Kimsan office software wps format instead of the previous Microsoft Word or adobepdf, raises the market’s positive concerns about the creation of a national product. The ability of a person to move from a tool-type application to a synergized smart body to promote the re-engineering of high-value business lines.
Three-quarterly reporting point in 2024. User needs are innovation sites, deep integration of the ai technology into a new paradigm of intelligent collaboration, and overall product experience.
In 2025, the company officially released “wps rhino” and 4. Kim Shan offices (68811.sh) in mid-2024:
"wps knowledge base." As the wpsai 3.0 core capability vehicle, the wps rhinoceros integrated multiple ai commercialization processes continued, the contractual liability showed a bright eye -- yes, the ability to perform related operations according to demand, intelligently and efficiently performing complex tasks, marking the company's ability to perform complex tasks.
The wps knowledge base supports the management of multiple office-format files, supports information traceability, ai question-and-answer and one-key sharing functions, and leads the next generation of document management innovations.
Investment proposal: The number of individual subscription-paying users and the arup are expected to continue to grow with the power of the i, wps365 operation and wps software operation, with the company projected to receive \triangleright in 2025-2027
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.