Weir shares (603501), issuing remoldable debt, increasing layout cos research and development and crystal sealing, are to issue a transferable $2.44 billion, of which 1.3 billion are for crystallization tests and crystal recombinant production line projects (phase II).
\triangleright currently uses external processing of the crystal circle test and the crystal-reconstructed encapsulation operation, as a single supplier, to further enhance competition in the cos image sensor chip field \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
With high costs and supply chain stability, when this project is put into operation, Howie will conduct his own crystal round testing and crystal round reassembly, significantly reduce processing costs, optimize cost structures efficiently, reduce delivery times and provide timely and effective product services, and enhance competitiveness and market position throughout the industry.
Continuous input into the cnos chip to capture the ai, car, anti-high-growth market: \triangleright plans to implement an upgrade of the cnos image sensor.
Market opportunities to speed up the development and development of cos image sensor products in the area of automobiles and security surveillance, and to further enhance the overall profitability of the Department and consolidate market positions.
In the first half of the year, the company launched 0.7um small pixels with a resolution of up to 64 million cmos chips, and continued to expand its multi-area layout, increasing its research and development in the areas of power management, signal interfaces, contact displays, tvs, mosfet, and radio frequency, with many products at the country’s first-class echelon level and yielding volume.
To the company as the leading company in the field ofcis, we believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating. Epidemic control falls short of expectations, trade frictions between Central America and the United States escalates, and downstream customers deliver less than expected.
Power incentivizes corporate confidence and watch Howiecis owns 2.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.