On October 26, 2020, there was a significant increase in performance and a gradual stabilization of the high-end market.
The company issued its third quarter report for 2020, which combined revenues of 13,369 million yuan, an increase of 48.51 per cent over the previous three quarters; and realized a net profit of 1,727 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 117,75 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The company’s performance has risen significantly, mainly because of: (a) the rapid increase in the number of smartphone cameras and the expansion of market demand compared to the same period last year; and (b) the growth of the company’s performance in 2020.
The development and development of 48m and 64m products will increase the value of the single product available; and the start of the three-quarters of consumer electronics season, with increased sales of products such as mobile phones. Corporate performance is expected to increase further as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the 5g shift, and the smartphone sales season.
Focusing on R & D, building up high-end markets, companies focused on R & D and gradually moving from low- and medium-end to high- and medium-end markets. After the first six months of launching the 48m product of 1.2 micro-pixels and the first 64m product of 0.7 micropixels in industry,
In October, the company also launched the first global 1.0 micrometres 64m image sensor. So, the company can supply 48m and 64m products of different pixel sizes to meet the needs of different customers. At the high end of the market, the company ' s ov48c has been successfully applied to the 10th-to-Him Memorial version of the millet, which has become the best for the millet.
One of the products sold, the company has stabilized its high-end product market with its slogans and market fermentation.
Tsr estimates that in 2021 the smartphone market will have about 322 million maps of more than 50 million pixels, like sensor demand, and that companies are expected to open up new growth space with their different pixel-sized products.
In addition to the smartphone market, the company has performed well in other areas, such as vehicle transport, medical treatment, and Hegemori vr/ar. The company is in a relatively advanced position in these emerging areas, accompanied by downstream movements.
In the area of vehicles, as electronic vehicles develop, there is an increasing number of cameras installed in cars, moving from traditional car recorders to the current front, back, back, back, side, inside.
In order to meet different demands, the number of cameras is expected to go beyond 15 to 18 in the future. Howie has launched a multi-car-borne product and worked with a number of well-known car manufacturers around the world to embrace new growth space:
In the medical field, the company's crystal-circle optical camera technology is at the top of the world and is widely used in the medical field of endoscopic mirrors. Its product is smaller in size and its thinest accessible blood vessels, which can be used to significantly reduce the discomfort of patients, and as a one-time use product, it can be reduced.
(b) In the vr/ar field of display, the company has developed lcos technology for more than 10 years and is now working with industry leaders.
The former Magicleap has partnered in the development of virtual display equipment, and as the technologies mature, the vr/ar will eventually have the opportunity to develop, by which time the company will build up its skills to benefit from the new author's qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence, to present the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.