q3 profits have improved considerably, high-level cis performance has improved the share of the booster, and the company q3 profits have improved considerably in the three-quarterly review of Weir's shares.
The overall profitability of the company has improved considerably: 13.37 billion yuan in the first three quarters, a 49 per cent increase in the same year; plus 60 per cent in the first three quarters; minus $660 million in the net return to the mother, an increase of 1418 per cent in the same year.
The growth of corporate revenue, especially the rapid growth of the cis business, is largely due to a significant increase in the share of the cis in hmov. Specifically, the company ' s 48m series of products has increased its share of clients, including hmov, by virtue of its international first-line quality and performance; 64m products have achieved a pre-eminence of 48m ahead of schedule.
64m upgraded card slots. In addition, it is one of the good things for large clients to improve their supply during the breech season. This is the lowest/highest in a year: outside, the Department ' s semiconductor and tddi operations are both fast and long.
• Looking to the future: low full coverage in cis high school, high motor vehicle, medical growth certainty, technological advances in cell phone cis, rising share of support: cis business, with corporate breakthroughs at the bottom and at the bottom of small pixel, has the ability to provide clients with a full set of products from the lower end to the middle to the upper end, matching Andre to the sea.
The strategy, which benefits the company’s ability to move from a single model to a customer-wide product, has significantly increased its share. Automobiles, medical layouts, early, have benefited from high growth certainty: car loop trends have been established, with multiple market multipliers from a single mirror. adas moving to 8m, and companies importing 8m products to the owner.
There's an earlier platform for circulation. The medical field is mainly used to throw endoscopic mirrors. The epidemic continues, the demand for the pulmonary mirrors expands, and companies take a larger share of the market.
The company, as the leader of the country's production, achieved a technological catch-up with its friends abroad, increased its share in the country's mobile production plants, and made rapid deployments in new areas such as cars and medical treatment, which are expected to benefit in the future.
optic innovation for long 2020-08-21.
Design and Distribution Together, The Third Largest Cis Lead Factory in the World Re-launching 2019-09-08