The outbreak is a risk or a risk, a full-line layout or power, a fuel source.
Yearly summary: In 2019, the company listed for firewood power collected $174.4 billion, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period. The fuel fuel engine is the head of the domestic heavy diesel machine. At the same time, the flag, the next fascist gear tank, is the head of the heavy card transmission tank, heavy gas.
The annual revenues were 45.8 billion yuan, an increase of 14.7 per cent, of which 13.5 billion yuan was raised in the fourth quarter.
Balad worked with the hydrogen fuel cell business, with an increase of 9.2 per cent in the fourth quarter of the year, 1.87 billion yuan, a 15.2 per cent decline in the same year. The company performed less than we did, and we assumed that the fuelwood was less affected by the global epidemic than its main competitors.
The company’s overseas operations are dominated by heavy cards, logistics equipment, and engines, with heavy-carriage chains located mainly in Asia and Eastern Europe, which are less affected by the epidemic: logistics are relatively large, but, based on the country’s experience in February, logistics equipment is significantly less affected by the epidemic.
In addition, only 45% of the new orders for forklifts in Central Europe have been made, affecting or less than competitors. The global situation of commercial cars under the epidemic is uncertain, and the advantages of the whole industry chain layout of firewood will gradually emerge.
Three-world heavy cards and engine layouts directly hit large offshore blind areas, accelerated import substitution of high-end hydraulics, agricultural machines cvt and large cylinder engines; upstream: a bargaining advantage over company weights and limited cost implications for country 6; downstream: G-6 upgrades the heavy diesel threshold and a steady share of heavy gas
1. The impact of the epidemic on Asian-African operations has been limited, and infrastructure has been built or accelerated overseas since the outbreak.
With fewer and slower cases of new coronary pneumonia diagnosed in most of the overseas base countries, the impact of the epidemic is significantly lower than most overseas countries. Figure 1: Development of the epidemic in most of the main locations where the fuelwood power is operating, in order to boost the economy, global capital investment or acceleration after the epidemic has passed.
There is still much room for improvement in the level of infrastructure in third world countries. According to the results of the study published in 2016 by the G20 research institute, Globalinfrastructurehub (gih) and Oxford University, the global demand for capital investment was $937 trillion by 2040, with 37.5% in developed countries, 29.9% in China, 4.8% in India, and 27.8% in other third world countries combined, accounting for about $26.1 trillion.
According to WHO, there are only 138, 90, 53 and 6.3 beds per 100,000 in Algeria, India, Nigeria and Indonesia, respectively, and there is a significant difference between the current 600 in China.
In 2019, heavy gas exports under the flag of firewood reached 15,000, a 25% increase. The export of wood engines rose to 100,000.
2. The forklift business benefits from the logistics needs of the automobile market, and the overall business of Quehu has risen steadily. According to the 2019 report of Queau, the company received new orders amounting to €9.1 billion over the year, a year-on-year increase.
5.3%. New orders in 2019 are higher than the annual revenue of €8.8 billion, and future operations will continue to grow. Smart logistics are now growing rapidly around the world, with increasing automation and computerization. The demand for for forklifts and logistics systems in the entire logistics market will increase further as mechanical generations move forward.
A total of 54,000 vehicles, 33 per cent lower than the previous year, down less than 44 per cent of the passenger vehicles. Only 45 per cent of Kaiju's forklift business orders are located in Western Europe and North America, where the epidemic is currently severe, and the rest are scattered around the globe. We believe that Kaiho's forklift business is limited by the epidemic.
The logistics solutions business was growing rapidly. In the fourth quarter of 2019, companies received new orders of €823 million, a 48 per cent increase in the same year; new orders of €2,771 million, a 14.3 per cent increase in the same year; new orders of €2.3 billion, a significantly higher amount than was collected throughout the year (2,379 million euros). Logistics solutions operations are combined with hardware and software, with longer cycles of development and delivery, and are less affected by the epidemic than fully delivered vehicles and spare parts.
In March 2020, Kai-Ho announced that a new company would be established in a joint venture with Chai-Fi power and build a new plant in Shandong Zhenan, with Qi-Chou holding 95% of the new company’s shares and 5% of the new wood power. Investment in the construction of the new factory in Jin-nam is estimated to be about 100 million euros, and the new plant is expected to start by the end of 2020, with production in 2022, with the main production of a balanced heavy forklift.
In addition to the factory, the company will build a technology center. Forklifts are much more in common with wood engines, whole cars, and we believe that the company's business will be more closely aligned with Kayo.
The global market for heavy commercial vehicles under the epidemic will become even more complex. The advantage of fuelwood power as the backbone of the entire industry will be increased, mainly as follows:
Upstream: The volume of heavy diesel machine sales of fuelwood is currently not much different from Conmins globally, and the strength of the volume makes the company’s bargaining power clear vis-à-vis suppliers. In recent years, localized production in Belarus, Algeria, etc., has progressed rapidly, and the risks of cost-side raw materials, manpower, etc. will gradually be diffused.
Figure 7: China’s heavy, heavy, heavy, and Dymler’s global layout contrasts with downstream: China’s six emission upgrades have significantly raised the threshold for the heavy-carat diesel industry, with some of the tail producers withdrawing from the field over the next 1-2 years.
The company’s cooperation with China’s heavy gas industry, coordinated by Shandong Heavy Worker, will grow. According to our statistics, the number of national six-car fleets of companies matching China’s heavy gas now accounts for 26% of all Chinese heavy-gas fleets.
With regard to new sources of energy, the company, in cooperation with Balad, has invested in German radex, which is focused on electrical power and power control. With the company’s rich commercial vehicle platform, the company’s new energy technology is steadily on the ground. With regard to gas power, the company’s national six gas engines have progressed rapidly and now have an absolute advantage in the country.
In the second half of 2019, corporate natural gas engine sales rose rapidly, with a share of the domestic market approaching 70%. Competitions: straight-up competition, with an advantage over sales. China’s heavy-cargo overseas operations, represented by wood, with 92% of sales concentrated in Asia and Africa.
In the third world countries of the continent (data 2019), Europe and the United States of America have few big card and engine companies, whose users used to buy used cars. The heavy card is heavily dependent on maintenance.
Figure 8: Regional distribution of China ' s exports of heavy cards in 2019 4. Profit projections and valuations
Quick. Plus, we assume that the cure will continue. We maintain the forecast of 1.16 million sales (including overseas) in 2020 in the heavy-card sector.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, fuelwood power (000338): epidemic at risk or opportunity, full-line layout or power; figure 9: Domestic heavy-card industry sales and projections
We believe that the domestic market share of the country’s six-year-old diesel engine will rise, and that heavy steam will add more to the company’s engine business. Forklifts and logistics systems will grow steadily.
10.6 times. The global configuration of the company brings with it a competitive advantage across the board, and we appreciate the growth of the company's overseas operations in the aftermath of the epidemic, maintaining a “highly recommended” source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, with global infrastructure and logistics not recovering as expected; and a sharp rise in the price of raw materials.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the power of fuelwood (000338): the epidemic is a threat or an opportunity, a full-line layout or power, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports that the epidemic is either a crisis or an opportunity, full-line layout or power.
Liu Xiaoixing B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, cfa holder, 7 years of technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry at home and abroad.
Joined the East Hing Stock Exchange, where he studied the automobile industry, and Zhang Yoon Xian Transport University, where he joined the Master of Finance in 2019, where he studied the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.