The Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CRED) The Pride Pulse (002493.sz) buys (first rating) the high-growth, elastic giants to sail!
Pride petrochemicals is one of the leading domestic private refining integration companies, covering the entire chain of refining oils, aromatic hydrocarbons, pta and polyesters, and the introduction of petrochemical projects has significantly increased the firm ' s profitability certainty, confirming the strong alpha attributes of private refining compared to the traditional petrochemical industry, in the event of an epidemic.
As a result of sustained high net profit growth, by the third quarter, PEI had achieved a mother-to-mother gain of $5.652 billion, an increase of 206.17 per cent over the same period last year, and PEI performance continued to increase significantly with the announcement of the launch of the first set of PET II devices in November 2020.
The two-stage petrochemical px production capacity of 8 million tons, the world's first-largest, device integration and size advantages are more evident, with a strong Alpha attribute and the ability to earn a seven-billion-dollar excess profit from small-scale production capacity overseas, with a significant increase in the certainty of performance resulting from the launch of the two-phase project.
The industry’s warming is shifting, and the start of the two-phase project further accelerates the px’s national production. Pride petrochemicals control 51% of the petrochemical benefits, which are determined and resilient over the medium to long term, once the refining industry’s climate is in the pro-cyclical phase.
Fossilization is a key step in the strategic transition from the traditional refined Red Sea to the high-value-added Blue Sea, where petrochemical taps move towards weak cycles and strong growth strategies. In the case of the former high-profit products of styrene, ethanol, etc., that are gradually nationalized and overstretched, the petrochemicals break the problem with polycarbonate esters in order to achieve carbon integration.
The cost advantage is to become a domestic no-luminous concentration carbon leader and, in the case of polyolefins, which are about to become the Red Sea, the differential polyolefin (polymer with 1-hexene) is used as a catcher to try to win with differentiated products in the polyolefin industry.
Psychicization stands on the canyon, with high and long-lived edge barriers. At the same time, petrochemicals and large state companies have joined forces to establish a unique retail network of finished oils, which, on a multi-scenario basis, is expected to yield more than 650 million dollars in two years, and retail proceeds have not been included in the glory petrochemical gain.
In addition, carcinogenization depends on the unique location of the canoe zone, and also acquires a ship-fired export quota and the ability to export the finished oil, to export the finished oil directly, or to adjust the oil arbitrage. We look forward to the unique location of the glory petrochemicals, with channels and product advantages or significant excess gains expected.
1. Risk of a large-scale one-way decline in crude oil: 2. The severe demand for textile clothing has deteriorated 3. Policy and quota for external exports
The limited sales risk of finished oils is 4. Restriction of sales shares to release 5. Geopolitics risk 6. Project 6. is not as advanced as (1) the first phase of zolpidem became operational at the end of 2019, was fully operational in the second quarter of 2020, the second phase was piloted at the end of 2020 (the announcement of 2 November was driven) and was fully operational in the second quarter of 2021.
(b) The Fugitive Materials pta project, Insein film project, Pulse Fibres project, c5 and c9 deep processing projects are in place at the time expected. (c) The projected impact of the epidemic is only for the whole of 2020 and is largely negligible for 2021.
(4) Corporate polyester operations were affected by an overseas epidemic in 2020, with the pta-polyester chain squeezed on profits, and the 2021 impact largely eliminated.
The market consensus is that the private major refining plate, similar to the traditional petrochemical plate, has been affected by the epidemic's historical worst climate, that the market stacking is expected to benefit the crude oil-polyester price chain more pessimisticly, and that the reverse cycle performance of the petrochemical and private major refining industries has not been fully taken into account.
In terms of business: while oil prices fell significantly by $60 per barrel in 2020, petrochemical profitability was much more than expected, largely based on the cost advantage of new company-built refining projects, which was much lower than the industry’s; despite the epidemic,
As a result, the company ' s crude oil-px-pta-polyester longline chain, which is characterized by weak downstream demand, narrow prices, and micro-interested products downstream of the chain, has a significant back-up advantage from upstream refining, scalding, integration, differentiation and end-of-life product boosted the industry ' s excess gains.
In terms of business strategy: The company continues to expand in reverse due to low oil prices and the impact of the epidemic. Huge amounts of new material – 6 million tonnes/year pta, accelerated construction of phase two of petrochemicals (which was driven in November) – folded with petrochemicals Substream c5, c9 resins and Insein, poppets and differential fibres projects.
We believe that the performance of the private major refining plates in the countercyclical phase has not been fully valued by the market, and that the refining plates are now in the early stages of the industrial boom, and that in 2021, petrochemicalization will be a good factor in the growth of production, demand and heating, adding new pta production.
The spread of the cost of processing old and old production capacity and the advantaged ships of the petrochemical canoe from the trading zone, export licences, increased arbitrage of the company's finished oil, continued observation of the company's post-epidemiological escalation, catalytic factors for rising stock prices.
The most important elements of the catalytic shift in corporate equity prices are the following: 1. Psychic phase II and the acceleration of production of deep-processed projects. 2. The marginal improvement of the global epidemic and the recovery of end demand.
Pulmonary polyester production was advanced by three stages of planning for zolpidem, the expansion of the Pulsification Reverse, the over-expected gain from Pulsification, the underestimation of the market's profitability for Pulsification, and the selection of the Helium Pulsification, Fuzzy Pulses, and the Pulsified Integration Dragons of the Crown.
The other three of the leading firms, as comparable companies, took into account the risk of a one-way, large-scale decline in crude oil from 2019 to 2020, and 2. A serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing 3. The risk of sales of finished oil resulting from the quota restrictions on external exports 4.
The core logic of a petrochemical refinery is that we think it can be reflected in two main lines:
The process route selected for petrochemicals is primarily aimed at low energy consumption/low hydrogen consumption. In the case of coal indicators, the company's chosen refining process is excellent. The main excess gain is in the following areas: 1.1 slag oil partly hydrogenated (suspension bed), partly delayed comflection, and more profitable at low oil prices.
The hydrogen ratio of the slag oil is 1.6-1.8, and the heavy oil process has two lines of thinking, decarbonization or hydrogenation. Decarbonization (delayed burning) is the shift of the slag oil to the left and hydrogenation to the right. Hydrogenation costs are high, and production of light oil products increases; decarbonization costs are low, but some of the heavy oil is transformed into oil.
A low-value oil coil, and a decline in the number of high-value-added products, usually with higher oil prices, with higher rates of hydrogenation; and a better rate of revenue with low-oil cokering devices. (2) The kbr vcc process is a suspended bed plus hydrogen process. It is easy to see that the price of crude oil suitable for cokering is mainly found in $48 per barrel.
The oil is below the oil. In the case of high oil prices, the suspended bed plus hydrogen is more profitable. There are two things about hydrogenation: 1. Decomposition of 2 heavy oils; the slag oil conversion rate of the suspended bed is significantly higher than the slag conversion rate of the boiling bed, which means that the heavy oil conversion of the suspended bed is more efficient than the boiling bed; and from this, the hydrogen consumption rate is higher than the boiling bed.
In addition to impurities, the suspended bed is less than boiling-bed plus hydrogen. The hydrogen content of the suspended-bed oil-cum-hydrogen process is roughly the same as boiling-bed oil-cum-hydrogen in terms of hydrogen consumption angles. The suspended bed and boiling-bed oil-cum-hydrogens versus more than 90% of the country’s fixed-bed-oil-cum-hydrogens and delayed carcinogenization.
The advantage of heavy oil conversion is clear for the device. From the composition of the products that are concentrated and re-hydrogenated with the suspended bed, lpg and distilled oil output have increased markedly.
Hydrogens, with a high conversion rate of dross oil; and by delaying the partial production of oil coke, increased flexibility in crude oil selection on the one hand, and by alleviating the lack of coal indicators on the other hand, the availability of 1.2 refinery dry gas recovery using the shallow cold oil recovery process of the North Chemical Institute in low oil prices, with the recovery of ethane/ethylene mainly.
Dry gas recovery products need to be replaced by other fuel gas (cost end). We can understand that the product is to be made at a more cost than light aerocarbons.
The external purchase of lpg (carbon IV) as fuel gas requires the purchase of 2,784 tonnes in one phase and 34.78 tonnes in two. The cost end is lpg, the end end of the product is ethylene; the difference in the price of ethylene-lpg becomes the central element of the proceeds of a dry gas recovery device for petrochemicals.
(Note: The cost end of dry gas recovery is the synthesizing gas produced by coal if a device does not need to purchase extra fuel gas.) The excess benefit of a dry gas recovery device is associated with the high cost, the marginal cost of a fossilized fuel gas is the extraction of lpg, and the dry gas recovery device is due to the consumption of propane and heavier alkylene fission ethylene monomer (ACS) in excess of lpg.)
The cost of recovery of propane, carbon-tetracarbons, and more heavy alkyl chloride is increased and more suitable for direct use as fuel. ethylene and ethane-rich gas are recovered from petrochemicals, and given that propane and butane are largely at the price, the premium for ethylene-propane is an excess gain from a carbide dry gas recovery device.
1.3 The size and technological advantages of the petrochemical px device create the px cost barrier, with more than 10 million tons of additional domestic capacity and a change in the world supply and demand pattern. The growth of the px production capacity in China was once stagnant, with import dependence at 60% per year.
As a result, Japan and the Republic of Korea, the major exporters of Asia ' s px, have a px-pricing power, and profits from the px chain exceed the sum of the rest of the polyester chain. Since 2019, the domestic px supply has increased in an outbreak, with a large number of refined integration projects on schedule.
The acp (contract price in Asia) used to be the main benchmark for Asia’s px prices, which was announced by Japanese and Korean sellers next month, and the main buyer made the offer in the form of repayment.
However, since 2019, acp prices have reached only three times, and since 2020, acp prices have collapsed. This sign indicates that Japan’s production capacity has de facto lost px pricing.
High import dependence remains, and by 2019 the import dependence of China ' s px remained above 50 per cent, although since 2019 a large number of national projects for refining integration have been on schedule, the domestic supply of px has increased in an outbreak, and more than 10 million tons of additional capacity (including direct domestic Brunei refining projects) has been added.
Year after year, but as new production capacity continues to grow in the downstream pta, the demand for px continues to rise. For px, China still maintains a high degree of external dependence. However, the introduction of refining integration has contributed to the acceleration of px national production.
In addition to building pta capacity, which in the medium term is probably not overcapacity at the px rate, the desire to outsource px from the main traditional buyers (China) will continue to decline in the broader context of domestic pta giants expanding their operations upstream to achieve integrated production of refined oil-px-pta-polyesters.
On the other hand, traditional sellers, such as Japan and Korea, insist on a higher profile, especially since July, indicating that the current offer of $640/tonne has touched on their cash costs. The difference between this offer and the original oil price is about $2,300-2400, reflecting the cost of processing Japanese production capacity here.
Under price, the short-flow project is the only option, and the long-flow project will also choose to transfer the profits. When you consider depreciation, Japan’s small-scale production is in a state of loss and has entered the position as an important source of continuous low prices for buyers, even under the current extreme circumstances, where the private sector is highly refined.
The px chain has a significant cost advantage in the four stages, resulting in a total of $853~932/-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By comparison, the cost savings per ton of scepha oil are $232 per ton; The Japan-Korean process enterprise will withdraw at a px price at a cash cost + (200~250 dollars).
In the case of the yuan and mx:px=2~2.5:1, Japan’s px gains of 200~250 yen per ton will lead to a gradual phase-out of production of the px by Japan’s chief executives.  the large-scale px device has a significant advantage over Japan’s px device.
The economics of the annual refinery (with 1.5 million tons of recombinant and 600,000 tons of px) and the 28 million tons of petrochemicals (with 24.5 million tons of recombinant and 22 million tons of px), we conclude, taking into account only the advantages of scale, that the cost per ton of px processing for private large-scale refining is lower than about 400 yuan per ton of px processing in Japan and Korea.
The px produced by big refining has a clear tax and transport cost advantage over the Japanese-Korean product.
As a result of fluctuations in oil prices, the oil price gap for the out-sourcing of quartz oils, which continued to shrink in 2019, combined with long-flow withdrawals, has led to a general synchronized exit of Japan and Korea’s small-scale process capacity. The two phases of petrochemicals, with a single set of 8 million tons of px devices, are among the world’s leading global players.
Pulse uses the ldparex aromatic process in Honiwelup, with a significant excess gain from the cost of a single ton px compared to the cost in Japan and Korea. According to our Market, the value of the big refined plate is seriously underestimated: a polar survival measure, it is reported that due to the integrated scale/process/location advantage of the device, it is higher than the low- and middle-level rules overseas.
Model px production, px pyrochemical devices yielding a single ton excess gain of 940 ton per ton. The core logic of the petrochemical plants in two phases is that the chemical chemical product differentiation and the full process integration of zerochemicals will yield significant excess gains.
Industrial products are divided into three main categories: (1) AFOs (special brand polyethylene, polypropylene,eva) (2) ACI chains (benzene/propylene-phenylphenol-bisphenol a/ma-polycarbonate)
(3) a/b/s industrial chain (a/b/s, butadiene, styrene and acetylene respectively) Hdpe (high-density polyethylene) in polyolefins uses a significant amount of self-produced 1-hexylene as a condensed monomer and is expected to achieve differentiation: full-carbon process integration costs to build mooring rivers: a/b/s industrial chain to one side
Polyester production capacity, on the other hand, is centred on three major chemical feedstocks, a/b/s, with phase two carbon-eight pumping in excess of yield.
There are significant differences in hdpe products through the introduction of monomer 1-hexene instead of conventional monomer 1-butene.
Discrepancies to core polyethylene devices are expected to yield excess benefits: ethylene-based polyethylene devices are mainly produced with differentiated hdpe products, lldpe uses 1-fen as a monomer, and typically 1-heptaphene as a condensed monomer (lldpe) and hdpe are used for performance.
Both have a higher performance than the traditional 1-butylene polyethylene product, so there is a premium on monoethylene (1-hdpe and lldpe) as compared to c4. ethylene + co-polymer based on a single consumption comparison of 1-butylene or 1-hexylene used as a monomer by lldpe
Total single consumption is equal. The use of ethylene-1 is higher than the use of ethylene-1 and the use of ethylene is lower than the use of ethylene-1 co-polymer. Since the price of ethylene is significantly higher than the price of ethylene, the cost of c6-polylldpe is slightly higher than the cost of c4-polylldpe. hdpe mainly has five major categories of larger use, thin film, inductive, medium-space blowing, lasss, tube distribution.
The membrane-level polyethylene, if used as a condensed monomer, enhances the optical (transparency) and mechanical properties (resilient to tear, anti-intrusion). The blowing-level polyethylene uses the monomer, the medium blowing product is better eccr, the process performance is good, and it has a better stretching strength. The tube-level polyethylene uses 1-
Hexaphene monomer, with higher levels of polyethylene tubes, can make the tube walls thinner or more resistant to pressure and have better environmental resilience (high escr). 2.2 Polycarbon chains are integrated into the whole industry chain.
The polycarbon chain is based on the integration of the whole industrial chain. The petrochemical polycarbon chain is integrated with the total process-based crude oil-propylene/phenyl-phenol-bisphenola-non-luminous carbon chain, with a total of 520,000 tonnes/year.
The non-luminous aerobics of the domain, sabic for the global non-luminous aerobics. Compared to the raw materials used in the 70-tonne and 260,000-tonne polycarbonate devices of the Voltaic polycarbonate project phase I, it is not difficult to see a higher equivalent of non-luminous aerobics and a higher use of raw materials, but a higher degree of polymerity.
Low, requiring follow-up polymerization to meet the use requirements. Phosphate polycarbonate polymerity is above 30. Non-luminous methods have a clear advantage in production costs, mainly because of the higher costs of photogas in luminous raw materials, rather than the use of cheap materials such as methanol, carbon dioxide, oxygen to replace luminous gas. Non-luminous methods are melting.
Reaction in a state requires a high temperature, whereas the photogas approach operates in mild conditions, and the constant temperature constant pressure reacts. The non-luminous approach has been extensively studied because of its environmental advantages, but its performance still falls short of the polycarbonate produced by photogas. Most of the high-end polycarbonate production in the market is photogas.
The main competitiveness of carbon lies in product high-end and differentialization, with a central competitive advantage for carbon production that is not photo-gas-based. From the figure below, it is not difficult to see that the majority of the devices in the polycarbon devices are not integrated into the whole industry chain.
Of the non-luminous polycarbon production, only carcinogenization is fully process-integrated with sarcophagus (medium petrochemical and sabic co-operative): in photogas production, the whole process is expected to be fully integrated. Most of the production capacity required by industry owners is accompanied or prepared with a biphenola device.
The core competitive advantage of petrochemicalization in polycarbonate is that the effects of crude oil-polycarbon integration combined on a scale-driven non-luminous, low-polymer carbon cost lead. We can understand the advantages of producing polycarbonate for an integrated process:
Carbon pools can capture the profits of the green link in the above-mentioned graphs, and the longer the industrial chain, the more profitable the product is. Transportation of the intermediate link is reduced, the costs of warehousing and procurement channels are reduced.
Public works, warehousing, personnel, distribution channels: the following is a summary of the smelting process and the installation of the two phases.
The petrochemical zone matches the high consumption of the East/South China refinery. The free trade zone on the canyon, where petrochemicals occupy the dominant position of North-East Asia’s ship-burning consumption.
3.1 The core competitiveness of petrochemicals, under the same competitive conditions as other North-East Asian refueling regions, has been the advantage of the fire from the free-trade zone. We have seven international routes, six passing through the canyon sea. In recent years, more than 10,000 international ships have entered and exited from the canyon sea every year.
The port area has become the world’s largest container-to-pee port, and the world’s largest cargo, the port of Ningpo-Change, is an important part of the port. We believe that the Singapore ship-to-ship market was the largest in the Far East in 2020.
The main reason for the large ship combustion market is to occupy the core part of the Strait of Malacca, while future ship-loading is expected to move gradually from Singapore to the port of Haoyama because of the high volume of throughput in the canyon-Shanghai seaport, which allows ships to refuel while loading cargo and saves the daily cost of rent on board vessels.
On 22 January 2020, the State issued the Proclamation on the Implementation of the Expatriation Tax Refund Policy for Fuel Oil Added to International Navigation Vessels, which calls for the introduction of an export refund (exempt) tax on fueled oil from international navigation vessels in Chinese coastal ports, with a 13 per cent rate on value added tax refunds, with effect from 1 February 2020.
The two main applications of diesel fuel, ship and vehicle combustion are the two largest applications, and heavy diesel fuel, when mixed with low-quality fuel oil (e.g., slag oil, kerosene, syrup, delineated oil) can achieve a different number of ship combustion.
Fuel injections in the port area are expected to rise back in 2019, from 66.5, 94, 106.48, 18283, 359, 4102 thousand tons, respectively. We conclude that, against a backdrop of a 10% decline in the overall domestic consumption of ships in 2019, the rates are expected to rise.
The current upswing on the ship is only about 8% of Singapore and 22% of the new slopes in the country. However, in terms of cargo throughput and container throughput, only the port of embarkation is beyond the sum of the peaks in Busan, Japan and the largest port in South Korea. We judge that the port of the future can be expected to reach Singapore.
The depth of carbide has benefited from an increase in the volume of ship combustion in the port. As the largest ship in the country, the mountain is the largest ship-fueling centre in the port of Busan, South Korea.
Some fuel oils are deployed in multiple groups. The petrochemical zone is located at the core of the canoe, and transport costs are low: while there is no planned diesel for the ship, the main raw material for the slag oil plus hydrogen and carcinogens, such as catalytic slurry, slurry, heavy diesel oil, can actually be used as fuel for the ship. In our view, zirconium is actually used as fuel for the ship.
Fossilization maximizes profits by comparing the profitability of the dross oil plus hydrogen with the profitability of the flaring devices with the profitability of the flaring vessels, thus deciding whether to produce ship-burning or multiple light oils. Reference is made to the announcement of 30 April 2020, where carbide received 1 million tons of ship-burning approval from the Ministry of Commerce.
The quota for oil exports is the only private refining in China, except in the case of refining enterprises in the Quad countries. Chart 19: Container throughput (million standard boxes) 3.2 Zhejiang ' s self-trade test area is re-packaged, and qualification for the export of finished oil provides a arbitrage for oil exports.
Our export quota for finished oils was originally granted by state companies, and exports of finished oil from refined enterprises were restricted. According to Zhejiang trade zones, qualified private refining firms were first tested for finished oil exports and, according to the announcement of 13 July 2020, they are now eligible for finished oil exports, given that the outer space is now available.
The price difference between the oil and the domestic price is higher than the domestic price for most of the time except the floor price, and the qualification of the finished oil spill is conducive to the arbitrage of the petrochemicals through the export of the finished oil. The price of gasoline/diesel/aviation kerosene is compared from home and Singapore, except for 2016 and 2016.
In 2020, two floor prices affected the price of gasoline, most of which was higher than domestic prices, and more lucrative for overseas sales. In most cases, the prices of aviation kerosene and diesel fuel were lower than domestic prices, and more profitable for domestic sales.
From the point of view of refinery price differentials, offshore refineries have a relatively better price difference than domestic refineries of 211 (petroleum + diesel-2* original oil). Export quotas are equivalent to domestic oil conversion. Some countries, of course, do not fully align their gasoline standards with those of the country, and therefore need to reconcile the finished oil with those of the overseas countries.
We believe that refining can be achieved through partial or full-scale export of gasoline, and that Zhejiang self-trade has a clear preference for petrochemicals.
The petrochemical self-deposit docks and storages are an important complement to the petrochemicals. Given the lack of access to the deep water port Vlcc, small and large fish mountain islands have a maximum capacity of 100,000 tons of ship transport capacity. Biochemicals uses 32 inches (0.8 metres straight) through the construction of deep water terminals and 3 million cubic metres of reservoirs on the outer fishing island.
There are plans to increase the number of days of crude oil stocks in low oil prices, and there are plans under high oil prices.
A reduction in the number of days of crude oil stock can achieve a better adjustment of the value of raw materials in the inventory. As a result of the impact of the epidemic on the consumption of crude oil and the breakdown in the negotiation of an OPC+ reduction agreement, international oil prices fell from 60+$/bbl to around $40/bbl, and the decline in crude oil prices led to the spread of many products in the refining chain.
Narrow, the market's overall pessimistic approach to the impact of the sharp drop in crude oil prices on the value of the stock, but, while petrochemical dependence on a relatively effective mammary reservoir avoids large stock impairments, there is a pessimistic expectation in the market that we can locate and count global oil tankers and stowage data through unique satellite data.
According to modelling, the pace of crude oil procurement was tracked and, as at the end of June, a total of 8,473,000 barrels of crude oil had been purchased using crude oil loading days, which amounted to nearly 1,156 million tons of crude oil, which, as can be seen from monthly crude oil loading statistics, was present.
When crude oil prices were low, a relatively large quantity of low-cost crude oil was stored in the Mammy reservoir, reducing the volume of crude oil purchases as crude oil prices recovered. Prior to March, the volume of fossilized crude oil purchases remained at 1.1-1.3 million tonnes/month, rising to 1.7 million tonnes/month as crude oil prices fell in March.
The oil price phase, petrochemical purchases of crude oil for almost half a year, and the presence of the Mammium reservoir has enabled it to purchase more crude oil at a relatively low price, to hedge higher crude oil prices in the run-up period, and to reduce stocks of raw materials relatively effectively by importing more crude oil at a relatively low price.
The price of oil has been restored to US$ 40+/barrel, the crude oil storage capacity of the Mam's reservoir or the provision of some space for the growth of the life cycle of the second phase of refining petroleum formation.
Zhegen has three major industries in the energy supply sector in Zhejiang province, including electricity, oil and gas, energy services, which account for 50% of Zhejiang's combined electricity, 80% of natural gas supply, 40% of coal supply, and Zhejiang's energy pipeline, while Zhejiang oil is a small part of the country's oil industry.
The company, which is also an important part of the Zhejiang provincial government’s effort to improve energy security in the province, plans to invest $60 billion in the future to build a 10 million-ton crude oil reserve, a fuel loading facility that is expected to build 700 integrated energy supply stations in 2022, 2025.
In 2018, the Zhejiang province produced 3.38 million tons of gasoline, and in 2018 it consumed more than 10 million tons, about 70 per cent of which was dependent on transportation from the provinces. The structure of the fossilized oils is consistent with the country's current structure for the consumption of finished oils.
In addition to the 5.75 million tons of diesel fuel and 3.28 million tons of diesel fuel from the State, which will fill the energy supply gap in Zhejiang province. The joint zero-end approach is forward-looking, and the zero-end price differentials are expected to rise in the context of increased refinery competition.
Internally, there is a shortfall of about 70 per cent in the consumption of gasoline only before chromosomes, which needs to be transferred from the provinces, and the transport costs of Zhejiang oil are relatively low, as well as the construction of a unique oil storage system, along with the construction of a future oil storage network.
It is expected that the cost of transporting oil oils will be further reduced, and thus the price differential between the price of the plant and the cost after deduction of the consumer tax value added tax (CVAT) is usually available to the refinery, with guaranteed returns; while petrochemicals will enter the final retailing of the finished oil through the formation of Zhejiang Oil Company in conjunction with Zhegen.
From 2016 to the present, the zero price margin for gasoline is about $2097, and the zero price margin for diesel fuel is about $1062. With Zhejiang oil layout, the zero price differential will also significantly increase the profits from fossilized finished oil.
According to HSBC, the rate of Maori at the Hunan gas station is usually between 10 and 20 per cent, the retail price per ton of oil is usually around $9,000, and the price per ton of oil is kept at $900 to 1800 and zero per ton above.
The construction of fuel stations for oil is forecasted and the gradual construction of the terminals for zolpide oil will continue to yield an excess gain on zolpidem.1 The annual report and news of the official network of the Reference Energy Group Group, 2019, is projected for zolpide.
Five different scenarios are used for the construction of gas stations, which are conservatively measured at 90% of the number of gas stations planned by Zulgen Group, taking into account the potential for negative impacts, such as the presence of an epidemic in 2020 and the fact that the rate of construction is not as high as expected.
The gas station was added to the gas station, which was based on shares in oil, with the individual gas stations in 2017, 2018, 2019 increasing the amount of oil produced in the gas station by 0.71 million tons, 0.72 million tons, and 0.73 million tons, for intermediate value.
0.22 million tons for individual fuel stations, as a result of the addition of 4 stations in 2018, 2 stations in 2019 and a positive increase in the number of stations, the existing level of increment has been taken into account for the first year of possible low input at additional stations.
The ratio of increment is 2.3:1 and the amount of petrol and diesel at individual fuel stations is 0.52 and 0.2 tons, respectively.The excess gain is the zero price difference for the batch of finished oils, of which petrol is $2,000/ton, diesel fuel is 6, reference and oil-rich data, assuming the retailing of oil finished oil is about 22 per cent.
This cost is about 10% of revenue and 25% of corporate income tax. Under different scenarios, it is expected that the net equity gains from zirconium will be over $1.1 billion in two years, and over 650 million in prosperity (a few shareholder rights have been eliminated), followed by 2022-2025.
As a result of the gradual construction of the gas station, the net gain on carcinogenization is estimated at $230-315 million per year, and the proceeds from carbide sales at the end of the gas station are expected to reach $1.5-20 billion in 2025, which is expected to result in a net equity gain of almost $800-1 billion for the Pulse petrochemicals (a minority shareholder interest has been eliminated).
Our overall consumption of the finished oils has been weak, and the main factor in the increase in profits from the finished oils has been the improvement in the supply and demand patterns of the refined oils from the vents and the refining of the ground, but with the ongoing production of the refined oils, the domestic sales of the finished oils have been dominated by the retail channels of the “three barrels of oil”, with only a small number of enterprises being eligible for export.
As the production of finished oil continues to rise, the zero-price differential is expected to widen further. In 2018, gasoline consumption increased by only 3.42%, diesel consumption fell by 6.48%, and aviation kerosene consumption was the only high rate of 13%.
The impact of automobiles and the increase in fuel efficiency have begun to shrink, while the development of the aviation industry has led to a rapid increase in kerosene consumption.
The average fuel consumption level for new vehicles in 2025 will need to be reduced to 4l/100km, compared with the planned fuel consumption of 5l/100km by 2020, which was published in 2014. The vehicle fuel efficiency rate has been increasing through the Ministry of Information and Communications, and the number of vehicles in use has increased, but the demand for gasoline has continued to decline.
In addition, the State has supported new energy vehicles in a number of ways, such as vehicle purchase subsidies, exemption from the purchase tax and preferential licensing policies to stimulate the sale of new energy vehicles, which have remained at a high growth rate of more than 50 per cent since 2016, although they have increased at a slower rate as China has increased as a result of the fall in subsidies from 2019 to 2020.
Policy support for the new energy vehicle (Development Plan for the New Energy Automobile Industry (2021-2035)), which has gradually taken up the share of gasoline cars and curbed the consumption of gasoline, has been sustained by the rapid development of the country’s airports and aviation industries, the availability of disposable income, the number of new airports, etc.
The demand for aviation kerosene has also grown rapidly, with an increase in aircraft landings and landings. Given the size of the country and its relatively rapid economic growth, there is still much room for future growth in the demand for aircraft to travel, and coal consumption will be the main source of growth in the consumption of finished oil.
While the global spread of the new crown epidemic has led to a fall in aircraft demand, air travel is expected to resume as China and the global epidemic are under control. Currently, China’s epidemic is largely under control, with only small-scale outbreaks occurring in some parts of the country, and aircraft landings have resumed.
In addition, according to a German beautician announcement dated 28 November 2018, Zhejiang Delongon Chemical Co. Ltd. was established by the German-American subsidiary to build and operate the ethylene fission by-product integrated utilization project, mainly for the deep processing of the ethylene fission product c5, c9, which will be divided into two parts, taking into account the CEP of the Dejon Chemical Project.
The project is expected to drive in parallel with phase II, which is expected to hold almost 23% of the Deutschland interest, and the process is expected to increase the amount of demeritation. c5 and c9 are expected to increase further.
Pulse petrochemicals have a medium-flow px capacity of 1.5 million tons under the banner of Pulse petrochemicals, combined with stubble petrochemicals, which currently has the third largest pta capacity in the country, approximately 6.9 million tons/year; and the optics of Sein and Insein.
The membrane is an important supplier of domestic polyesters, of which the Insein membrane is the most productive two-way extrudable polyester in the country. New equipment in the 5.1 pta sector, new process batching are online, old production capacity is cleared up, excessive gains are evident, pta sector is undergoing large-scale shuffling, and industrial concentration is expected to increase further.
The underlying reason for this is that the advanced production capacity is on the line while it is still behind, and that the market has led to a pta phase and structural overcapacity. At the same time, the big refined taps are advanced.
With sustainable investment, up to 17.9 million tonnes/year of advanced production in pta, in the current extreme environment and in the future, the cost advantages of high-refining taps using advanced equipment processes and economies of scale, as well as the risk resistance of industrial chain integration, can maintain a better profitability and build a solid industry.
And their competitors will gradually stop and lose their market share, and industry concentration will probably rise further. With the exit of their backward capacity, the supply-demand relationship will be gradually improved, and the profits of the chain will be expected to rise steadily as the capacity rises.
pta advanced equipment with process cost advantages of over $700 per tonne. Unlike px, which is largely based on scale, the pta process has a significant cost advantage, stimulating companies to invest in advanced capacity. We measure the application of the latest equipment, process pta devices (compared to 2018 levels).
Full cost is $281 per ton lower than average (2010 level) and $758 per ton lower than backward, old (2008 level) devices, with a significant cost advantage. Mid-year statistics show that about 14.9 million tonnes/year of poor domestic capacity are considered only for products.
Prices are equal to cash costs (excluding depreciation amortization), when they choose to park. However, since September 2019, even if depreciation amortization is not taken into account, pre-2012 backward capacity has been in a state of loss.
With capacity of 23 million tonnes/year or more, this part of the increase in advanced capacity, measured at 90%, is now sufficient to replace the lag capacity. Under the current extreme conditions, pta is able to maintain a profit space of 200 to 300 tonnes/ton, with sub-product capacity not available.
Considering depreciation amortization can also maintain 200 yuan/about profit space, demonstrating a high-prevalence resilience and profitability in pta, which, with the recovery of industry, has a huge profit margin in its industry.
The sub-facilities are expected to generate nearly 700 million excess profits, nearly 2.7 billion excess revenues are expected after their delivery, and 5.2 gold petrochemicals are in urgent need of transformation, with less competitive process production of aromatic hydrocarbons in fuel oil, which is a convenient method of refining before the two-way liberalization of the country.
The 180cst fuel oils are those from Russia. Before the two powers were released, the fuel oils were used mainly as raw materials. Because of the heavy fuel oils, there were fewer diesel fuels (woods are higher than fuel), which led to better domestic gasoline profits and worse diesel fuel patterns; and when the two powers were released, the fuel gas was lower than fuel.
It goes without saying that the cost of processing using conventional crude oil is significantly lower than the cost of fuel oil and, in combination, the benefits of primary crude oil processing are significantly better than the dry fuel oil plus helium fission device.
Of this amount, 65.6 per cent ~ 68.3 per cent was spent on hydrogen and 19.6 per cent ~ 22 per cent was consumed in public works. (2) Fuel oil is the heavyst component of crude oil processing, and the fuel oil secondary process product consists of products that are significantly less dry than primary crude oil processing.
In other words, the increase of m100 fuel oils plus 550 ton per processing fee can only produce hydrogenification-like products of heavy crude oil. It's not hard to see from the chart.
The bulk of the difference between Brent crude oil and m100 is within $500, which results in higher processing costs for m100 fuel products. Central gold petrified fuel oil plus hydrogen is used to produce heavy quartz oil, combined cerebral oil plus hydrogen.
In the process of central gold petrochemicals, we can easily see the input of about 2.5 million tons of fuel oil on the left side, accompanied by hydrogen, fission-delayed carcinogen processes, and only 1.5 million tons of wax oil and 200,000 tons of heavy quartz cerebral oil.
And about 800,000 tons of oil coke. The price of oil coke is usually at $1,000/ton for m100 fuel oil. From this processing product output, the price of oil coke leads to higher output for other products, and we believe that there is some synergy between gold petrochemicals and carcinogens.
(2) Residue oils and hydrogen tail oils can be used as high-quality raw materials for ethylene devices. (3) Carbon-five-carbon-heavy orthopaedics can be used as raw materials for acrylic hydrocarbons, and isomers can be used as gas blends. When the price varies, on the other hand, they can be used as modifiers for ship combustion and some of the heavy oils for petrochemicals.
The main process of this device is as follows:
Fossilization is relatively short as a result of the introduction of fuel oils, which are less economically economical than petrochemicals, or when the price difference between fuel oils and px is lower, or when lower production of px is converted to the use of fuel oil feedstocks and ship-fired exports.
Eun Seok Seok-seok acquired 70% of Insein's film, has 126,000 tonnes of bopets, and with the Insein's 250,000 tonnes of membrane project, Eun Seok Seok-eung will have 301,000 tonnes of bopets and will be the second largest company in the country, with some of the new production capacity being the difference.
Placing high-end membrane is expected to accelerate the process of substitution of domestic bopet national production, with full benefit from glory petrochemicals. 5.4 polyesters and bottlers.Geochemicals are one of the country's “4+2” taps in the polyester industry, with a capacity of 1 + million tons of scrubbed silk.
(poy400,000 tons, fdy 500,000 tons, dty 350,000 tons, pey mainly for dty plus) and 1.45 million tons of polyester bottle production capacity. Bottles are mainly used in packaging soft drinks, and their overall demand is higher than the filament, which is mainly used for raw materials in the textile industry, although they still suffer from external demand.
Impact, but the pta-bottle price differentials continue to be higher than the pta-poy filament, and the Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulmonism Pulse Pulmonism Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulse Pulmonism Pulse Pulmonism Pulmonism Pulmonism
6.1 The history of the development of petrochemicals. Founded in 1989, the Emeritus Group of Holdings of the Mothers of Precious petrochemicals has continuously extended the industry chain upstream, gradually becoming one of the leading companies in China's petrochemical-chemical fibre optic industry.
In 1989, the company ' s predecessor, the agrochemical network silk factory, was created and its early main business became fibre fabric. In 1993, the company acquired three imported second-hand ballistic machines, set up a Shasau joint fibre factory, and expanded its main business to make fabric fabrics and silicone silk.
In 1995, Eun Seong Textiles Ltd. was set up on the basis of a fibre-optic factory, which, since its inception, has clearly established the goal of “upstream movement.” In 1997, the company acquired four ballistics, while transferring all the weavers, and achieved the goal of traditional textiles.
In 1998, the company introduced a slicing device, moving its business from a single bullet-loading to a swirling, sling-in-a-rolling, and began to move into the field of long-widdering.
In 2001, the company began production of 180,000 tons of polyester molten smelting lines, which became the earlier melting in the country, and in 2004, when the 400,000 tons polyester tones project was successfully completed and put into production, the company’s leading position in the field of fibre optics was consolidated. Since then, the company has been actively moving upstream, while expanding its long-line filamentary capacity.
In 2005, the Zhejiang Jeong Shengpta project was launched and the company began to enter the pta field. In 2015, the fully-owned subsidiary, the Golden Pixar project, became the first private enterprise to open the chain of the “px-pta-silent wire” industry.
In 2017, the company was involved in 51% of the stake in zolpidem. With the launch of the petrochemical phase in May 2019, the company's operations were further upstream, with the construction of the integrated “oil-aromatic hydrocarbons (px), aromatic hydrocarbons-pta, meg-polyesters-wiring-bullet” industrial chain completed.
6.2 The advantage of the whole industry chain is highlighted by the fact that it occupies a high point of upstream production and that the glorification of petrochemicals, starting with downstream polyesters, continues to expand upstream and now forms the entire industry chain of 20 million tons of downstream plastic + polyesters.
Figure 39: Sustained growth in corporate operating income (millions of yuan) Figure 40: Changes in net profits from corporate homecoming (millions of yuan) The company continues to move upstream. Every major leap of prosperity comes from upstream expansion.
The pta continued to expand from 2005 onwards and continued to generate overvalues in the period 2008-2011, where pta was the most profitable. After 2012, pta was significantly expanded, leading to a weak profit margin at the pta link, and most pta businesses were on the verge of profit or loss by 2015.
Production, meaning that glory petrochemicals are once again expanding to the px upstream of pta raw materials. Emeritus petrochemicals have been put into the post-partum phase, becoming an important supplier of px beyond two barrels of oil in the country. During the country ' s stock market crash in 2015, it was based on a high profit margin of px, and the net profit of the mother continues to rise, driving stock prices up.
In May 2019, with the introduction of petrochemicals, the glorified petrochemicals were once again able to expand from px upstream to become the backbone of the domestic private sector. In the first quarter of 2020, the new crown epidemic, combined with the collapse of crude oil, achieved a single quarter of $1.27 billion in net profit to the mother, and a second quarter of low demand in the lower polyesters.
Glory petrochemicals are now largely refined, and the polyester-backed industrial layout has been initially completed. With the construction of phase 2 and the petrochemical oil, the glorified petrochemicals will become the lead industry in the country’s private refining industry, and the country’s private refining industry.
Figure 42: The company's Māori composition (millions of yuan) is highly concentrated in its stockholding structure. The share held by the elite controlr Lee Shui Yong and the group he controls has reached 67.51%. In addition, Lee and Li Kyeongqing, Lee Yongqing, Shinjio,
Although the annual report does not directly disclose the current direct stock holdings of the Li Shuilong family, according to the data disclosed by ipo, the combined share holdings of the Li Xiyong family after ipo reached 87.1%, and since 2011-2020, there have been no major stock transfers from the Li Xi Ying family, after three increases.
The direct and indirect shareholdings of Lee and his co-actors have remained at 65.98 per cent. Since his listing, the Pyrochemicals have made four transfers of equity capital, reported in 2011, 2015 and 2017, 2018. The Pyrochemicals core of profit has been dominated by pebbles, supported by the pebbles.
Glorified petrochemicals are concentrated on the pseudochemical ends. Pseudochemicals should be phased in after two periods, with the export of future finished oils gradually liberalized, oil gas stations and reservoirs gradually laid down, boats burning North-East Asia’s pricing centres gradually consolidated, and petrochemicals will continue to benefit.
7.1 Pulse profit assumptions: 7.1.1 Pulse partial profit considerations, based on the progress of the Zulcochemical Project and the public documents of the Nakayama Trade Area, we judge the pebbles in the second half of 2021.
The two phases of petrochemical profit are based on the company ' s public announcement, " Response to feedback on the public release of equity application documents (revision) " , which provides the basis for the price set.
(1) Value added tax (VAT) - Value added tax (VAT) and credit (VAT)
In accordance with the Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulation on Value Added Tax of the People ' s Republic of China No. 50 of the Decree of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxes, a change in value added tax was introduced on 1 January 2009, whereby enterprises are promised to deduct from the amount of the tax on the sale of incoming taxes contained in newly acquired machinery and equipment.
The amount of the fixed asset value-added tax (VAT) that requires credit for the production period is $854,356,000 and the amount of the fixed asset value-added tax (VAT) that requires credit for the production period is $8,391.77 million for the production period. (2) The length of depreciation of the fixed asset and the method of depreciation
Intangible and other assets are amortized for an average period of 10 and 5 years, respectively, for the prescribed period, and repair costs are calculated at 2.5 per cent of the original value of the fixed assets (net of interest on the construction period). (5) Pier charges
Ten thousand dollars. (According to the volume of transport, the terminal cost is $19 per ton, which is more public (6) wages and benefits.) A total of 3,888 persons are assigned for the first phase of this project.
Interest incurred during the production period (interest on long-term loans and liquidity loans) is charged to financial costs.
The cost of safe production is based on sales income, which is withdrawn in excess of 10 million yuan, at 4 per cent; the sales income, which exceeds 10 million yuan to 100 million yuan, is withdrawn at 2 per cent; the sales income exceeds 100 million yuan.
Calculated at 1 per cent of the original value of the fixed assets (net of interest during the construction period): Other management costs are based on the above-annual average, and changes in current profit assumptions should include:
The amount of taxable credits is subject to a downward adjustment at the current rate, and the number of workers employed and the wages of the personnel are clearly high, with 3888 petrochemical workers and 1760 helium petrochemicals in the first phase, compared to the number of workers in the third cycle, and we have reduced the total number of workers to 3,000.
The amount of $10.3 billion invested in land reclamation will be deducted from the asset-based indicator.
The base figure for the cost of manufacturing should be eliminated. The cost of manufacturing and other manufacturing costs are mainly for equipment in the device.
The nature of the cost of manufacturing does not match. The main investment in the refining two-stage device is 38% in recombinant aromatic hydrocarbons and 35% in heavy oil treatment, consistent with our analytical focus on petrochemicals, which is that the core of the refining oil is heavy on oil and aromatic hydrocarbons.
There is a relatively balanced investment in chemical second-stage devices, and there is a more balanced investment on the end of the product outside of the HC devices. The bulk material, polycarbons, and polyfins are generally concentrated in 15-25% of the area.
Auxiliary investments are mainly concentrated in oil reservoirs, wharfs, power centres, and other support facilities.
Capable of 45 days of inventory days for the petrochemical phase I. Undersea pipelines, which invest $770 million, are the connections of the Mamm ' s reservoir to the main installation.
Motivation center. The petrochemical power center is a major part of the docks for carbide steam and a small amount of electricity. It's mainly the docks of Fish Mountain Island, where it is expected to be built in the future with deep water docks and access to Vlcc, which is not yet being measured for profit.
7.1.4 Capex petrochemicalization above is an estimate of the profitability of the production apparatus. Considering that the petrochemical holding 40% of the sequestered oil should also be matched by gas stations, reservoirs, storage equipment, construction funds and actual benefits.
The cost of this component is not included in the current calculations. According to the price of the purchase stations disclosed with oil, 18 stations are expected to be purchased at $690 million, and the price of each of the eight stations constructed is $32 million to $57 million.
Over the next three years, 700 gas stations are expected to invest around $22.4 billion, with a total of 2,484 million projected for the construction of the first phase of the Yudawa Hill oil reservoir and the terminal. According to the plan, 25 million silos will be built by 2030, with a crude oil storage capacity of up to 21 million tons, with a total investment expected to reach $40 billion.
Investing in the next nine years. (2) Psychic II is expected to be completed in 2021 and to be consolidated year by year, and according to Psychic II, we are $82.4 billion.
The remaining investment is based on 80% and 20%, respectively, over the next two years. Tens of tons of bopets have expanded, 200,000 tonnes of optics have been congested, and 6 million tonnes/year of new materials have been created.
We valued the company using the municipal rate of return and cash flow, respectively. Due to the greater profitability of the petrochemical project, the net profit from the impact of the epidemic rose significantly in the six-month and three-quarterly periods, with the net profit from the previous three quarters reaching $5.65 billion, an increase of 206.17 per cent.
And on November 2nd, 2020, with the announcement of a second phase of carcinogenization, conservatively expected to be fully operational in 2021, with significant gains from the different chemical products during the second phase of chemical petrochemicals, and with the promise of driving during the same period for the C5 and C9 deep-processed petroleum resin phase, as well as official documents from the Shanghai Trade Area.
At the same time, the polyesters sector is warming up, downstream demand is recovering, and the future gains of the glory petrochemicals can be raised over time.
We have selected three private refining companies to value the glory petrochemicals. Stereochemicals, fugitive petrochemicals, both private refining-polyester integrations, with the direction of development and the main business being similar to glorified petrochemicals.
We believe that with the global epidemic under control, the entire chain of refining-polyesters is expected to continue to warm, taking into account the unique locational advantages of petrochemicals and the excess benefits of differentiated chemical products, plans for the build-up of the future petrochemical phase two and the potential three phases, as well as the advantages of 40 million plus the scale of refining integration,
It is now only about 10 times lower in the private sector, and the industry's temperature is gradually warming, and the private sector's valuations are much higher, and we're giving it a lot of glory in 2021.
Figure 48: Comparison of comparative corporate valuations (Municipal Affluence Method)
Poor performance in the pre-flow period, and therefore a slightly lower level of valuation of the PfD cash flow than in other methods, but with the completion of the PfP II project, the PfP cash flow is expected to improve significantly. Cash flow involves multiple parameters, of which the current risk-free interest rate is the 10-year median debt rate.
Baseline, market risk premium, using the difference between the annual average yield and the risk-free rate of 300 at depths over the past five years, is about 2.15 per cent. While the present weight of the GLDS is high, with the completion of the second phase of PEL, the target debt ratio is assumed to be 40 per cent of the total assets, compared to the company Beta.
On the basis of the industry’s median beta of about 1.01 based on weekly fluctuations between industry and depth of 300 over the past five years, the proud petrochemical wacc is about 4.77%.In addition to this, fuel trucks will be out of the market in the future or gradually due to global energy-saving reduction needs, here.
On the basis of the apparent negative impact of the demand for finished oil consumption and the compressed refinery profits, a constant growth rate of -1.5% is assumed on this base. Precipitous fossilized raw materials are crude oil, and corporate profits are subject to large fluctuations in crude oil prices against the dollar exchange rate.
The crude oil risk factors include (1) higher-than-anticipated changes in global demand for crude oil (but not limited to significant growth or decline in the global economy, major breakthroughs in the new energy sector, rapid substitution of fossil energy sources resulting in lower oil demand, climate change
Significant changes in demand for crude oil, etc.) (2) over-anticipated changes in global crude oil supply (including but not limited to accelerated or delayed project delivery, controlled production by oil-producing countries) (3) geopolitical events (including, but not limited to, disruptions in crude oil supply as a result of emergencies, or significant increases in crude oil supply as a result of emergencies, etc.)
A large-scale single-way decline in crude oil prices would account for significant stock losses and a stronger correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and a single-way decline in crude oil prices would have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability. The US dollar’s exchange rate risk implied the following risks.
Crude oil purchases use the United States dollar, while revenue-side settlements are dominated by the renminbi, requiring daily operations to buy the dollar, sell the renminbi, and complete the settlement. Such settlements are subject to the following risks, but can be achieved through exchange-rate hedges (1) through a sharp deterioration in Central-American relations (2) and significant macroeconomic changes in Central-United States (but not limited to them)
In the short term, the sale of finished oil, based on the US-China economic data, will depend on a two-barrel oil distribution network, which will gradually decrease in the future with oil production. If the zero price differential for the finished oil is significantly increased, it will have some impact on firms.
The price of the finished oil is highly correlated with supply and demand. The supply-side risks include, but are not limited to, the large expansion of the capacity of the finished oil production, and the reduced capacity of Shandong refining, among other things: the demand-side risks include, but are not limited to, the private nature of the new crown outbreak.
(a) The weakening of domestic cars, the over-expected replacement of new-energy vehicles for gasoline vehicles; national policy restrictions on fuel, automobiles, and the impact of ethanol gasoline additions to inhibit the demand for mtbe products from refineries;
The impact of the liberalization of export quotas for manufactured oils on changes in refining patterns.
The technology, which has a clear backward technological advantage over two barrels of oil and the old production capacity of Japan and Korea, as well as the technological advantage and an iterative cycle, is about 15 years, but if there is a shorter technology iterative cycle, or if there is an excess gain to the Zulcochemicals industry, there is a shutdown/reduction of the refinery due to other force majeure.
The chemicals are mostly intermediate products, subject to the unexpected changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain. The need to take into account oil prices, downstream consumption, packaging, automobiles, infrastructure, etc.
The risk of increased competition: ethane fission, which includes, but is not limited to, the United States or the Middle East, will have a significant domestic impact on the domestic dumping of chemical products. Emeritus petrochemicals as a leader in the polyester integration industry, which swims downstream into fabrics - paste - dyes - textiles
The global demand for textile apparel has had some impact on the polyester industry chain, including, but not limited to, the imposition of taxes on Chinese exports from the US-China Trade War, anti-dumping investigations into China’s Changsi by South-East Asian countries, etc. An additional 456,242,250 shares were posted on 9 October 2020 in a public announcement on petrochemicals.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment