Treasure steel shares (600019.sh) 2021 and 22nd Quarterly Review: high product advantage, high performance re-innovation steel
Business performance was historically high in 2021. Companies overcome the adverse effects of large market volatility, deepening downside efficiency efforts, intelligent manufacturing, new breakthroughs, synergies in the base, and a sudden rise in industry. Gross operating income was $36.34 billion, an increase of 29.4 per cent, attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Positively responding to market fluctuations. The performance loop improved in the first quarter. Firm production, with 11.16 million tons of merchandise sales, operating income, high-value-added products, continued to increase market voice in 2021, against a background of limited production, was adversely affected by the epidemic and large fluctuations in the price of the original fuel.
Under this project, the company focuses on upgrading the quality of its products and achieving an advantage in sales of 12,446,000 tons, an increase of 16.5 per cent over the same period. At the same time, the market for core products accounts for more than 50 per cent. In the case of silicon steel, the company is planning to start a full-line heat load test vehicle at the end of the month.
In January 2022, the Samjiang Three was set on fire, three tons of stoves, and 1.66 million tons of cold roller products.
Strong, with a net profit of $4.71 billion in 2021, a significant increase of 69.9 per cent over the same year, the Changjia base will contribute new performance gains as the three stoves are put into operation and the product structure continues to be optimized. A high percentage of the cash returns the shareholders.
3-quarter review of Treasure Steel shares - 600019 - 2021: Increased efficiency, enhanced breakdown. Mid-year review of Treasure Steel shares - 600019 - 2021: flagship values highlighted, performance increased. Treasure Steel shares - 600019 - Critical Events Rapid evaluation: Four-quarters performance significantly improved.
Investment proposals: Companies are industry leaders, high-end products, and highly profitable. Given the stability of raw materials, industry layouts continue to be optimized, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Business performance was historically high in 2021. Companies overcome the adverse effects of large market volatility and deepen their efficiency gains.
Work, wisdom, new breakthroughs, synergies in the base, and industry's leading position. Achieving billions of dollars, an increase of 86.2 per cent, improved performance during the first quarter.
Under the influence of profit, the company managed to produce 11.16 million tons of raw materials, generating an operating income of 86.26 billion yuan. Figure 6: Quarterly steel sales ($/tons) Increased efficiency of high-value-added products and increased market voice. In 2021, the company strictly enforced rough steel controls.
In the case of silicon steel, the company is planning to initiate the second step in the structural excellence of silicon-based steel products by creating new high-end varieties with thin specifications, low iron damage, high magnetic sensitivity to silicon steel lines.
Set up a new high-plate unopposable silicon line, which is scheduled to start full-line heat load test vehicles at the end of February 2023, which will result in a further increase in the proportion of silicon-free products used by the company’s new energy vehicle power drive.
In 2021, Chenjiang made a net profit of $4.71 billion, a significant 69.9 per cent increase in the same year, owing to advanced equipment, geographical occupation, and the increased profitability of the Yangtze base, which resulted in a net profit of $4.71 billion in 2021.
The company intends to find a gold dividend of $0.60 per share (including taxes) for all shareholders, with an investment proposal: the company is a leading business, high-product, and profitable, taking into account the price of raw materials.
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author