A non-financial company evaluation report on construction materials and cement, 31 October 2024
Tail cement (600585.sh) - Profitability recovery, expected to continue warming for the fourth quarter Investment rating: increase (maintain)
The net profit is $5,198 million, down 40.05 per cent in the same year; of this, $22,585 million was earned in the single three quarters, equal to Wang Binping.
The company's revenue growth rate is higher and is expected to be mainly due to a contraction in sales. The ring, by the way, is the only three quarters of the company \triangleright
Po42.5 Cement, with an average price of $385 per ton, increased by $22 per year, does not constitute marginal drag, but the country’s cement production, with a volume of 480 million tons, fell by 11.85% per year, and we judge that the fall in corporate revenue was mainly due to lower yields.
Tang Zhijun, with 4.60 percentages and 0.8 percentage points rise in the ring ratio. We conclude that the recovery in the Māori rate is mainly due to a recovery in average cement prices on a year-on-year basis and an increase in the share of high Māori skeletal operations.
This represents an increase of 2.49 percentage points, with sales, management, R & D, and financial cost rates rising by 0.87 per cent, respectively, and the value of the configurations available under the top dcf valuation method. At this point, the industry “competing” is expected to increase, with three quarters of cement prices out of the bottom, making the market’s profit center judgement on the bottom of the industry clear.
The value of the current market value of the discount in the current market is, in our view, mainly the amount of cash in hand (about $75 billion in q3 currency funds as at the end of the period) sustained by the company on a strategic basis, but no M & As or cash splits, with a return on the money.
Low. It is expected that, in the context of the increased market value concerns of net companies and companies in the United States, the reasonable market value of a company could be close to the price of dcf, given the possibility of having a cash split.
On the other hand, the positive expression of “old debt plus real estate” is expected to drive demand, and we judge that the company's performance is expected to end at the end of q3 and that subsequent warming is reasonable. We anticipate my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.