q3 Performance meets expectations, following positive changes on both sides of the supply and demand of cement \triangleright Demand is concerned with positive changes on the financial side and supply is concerned with the degree of implementation of the shutdown
\triangleright continued to show a downward trend in cement demand performance in the first three quarters of 2024, as a result of factors such as the downside of the real estate industry, with investments in real estate development in the first three quarters amounting to $7.87 trillion, or 10.1 per cent, an increase over the same period last year.
1.0pc. National aggregate cement production in the last three quarters was 1,327 million tons, or 10.7% of the year; 168 million tons of cement production in September, or 10.3% of the year, resulted in weak overall demand.
At the same time, as proposed in the Action Programme on Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction, 2024-2025, by the end of 2025, the ratio of energy efficiency poles above 30% in the cement industry will be 30%. There are positive changes at both the supply and demand ends.
Seasonal improvements in cement demand in large areas, benefiting from faulty production and industry self-regulation measures, cement prices, conch cement (600585.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2024
3. Yearly assessment of conch cement (600585.sh) 2023: slower capital expenditure plan, overseas and “cement+” operations
Investment Recommendations: The current cement industry is in relative bottom position, firm corporate leader, since q3 \triangleright 4. conch cement (600585.sh) tri-quarter reporting point 2023
In view of the rise in the price of cement since October, we have raised the profit forecast, which is expected to be: the bottom of the industry is still profitable and the building materials have a high stake mark.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.