3-quarter review 2024: q3 bottom of profit, industry self-regulation, October 29, 2024.
▪ The company discloses three-quarterly reports in 2024: low domestic demand for 68.15 billion q3 in the first three quarters and continued to build cement profits. (1) q3 is influenced by extreme weather effects and downstream financial constraints, slow capital construction, low property investment, etc., in full January-September
The country's cement production fell by 10.7 per cent in the same year, increasing cumulatively by 0.7 pct over the first half of the year.
The Māori ring ratio for single-season tons of cement remains low, mainly because the firm’s core market price increases are driven by weak demand and market competition. (3) The total cost of the company’s q3 period fell by 9.6 per cent over the same period, and the reverse cost control was significant. (4) The company’s net interest rate on sales of q3 was 8.2 per cent, and it performed significantly better than that of the company’s core market.
At the industry-wide level, the sales net interest rate is the same as +1.5 pct, the ring is +0.4 pct, and we still measure the q3 water net profit at the bottom of history.
Thanks to the closing effect of the instruments and accounts receivable. (2) The purchase of fixed assets, non-physical green materials, and the issuance of tickets for new energy projects in the first three quarters. Q4 returns are expected to improve significantly, with medium- and long-term expectations for policy.
Accelerating supply-side clean-up. Industry self-regulation in the context of large losses in the first half of the year laid the stage for a rebound, combining faulty peaks with a steady recovery in physical demand, led by a leading firm, Sea conch cement (600585); mid-2024.
Cement price rebounds: business resilience shows, non-cement and overseas gold will be more sustainable than in the previous three quarters, and the q4 of the South and East China market, where the company's output is concentrated, will be priced on the same basis.
The competitive order continues to improve. The cement industry is expected to be integrated into the national carbon market by the end of the year, further developed in the context of industrial policies, and to accelerate industrial integration and surplus production in the medium to long term.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies display combined advantages such as cost lead in the next period, industrial chains: cement floors, corporate aggregate competition, expansion, and new growth dynamics. The current net rate valuation of the cement block is at the bottom of history, with the following:
Industry self-regulation has improved, leading business valuations are expected to be restored. We have temporarily maintained the three major financial forecasts for conch cement 2024-2026.