Trend management, leading the roe industry Event: Merchant Securities Publication Annual Report 2020, with $24,278 million in 2020, compared to +29. \triangleright
Wang Jing Dynasty completed the distribution of a share and h share shares for $12,704 million and HK$ 2,407 million in January, and there is still much room to increase corporate leverage compared to the securities dealers who manage the pilot.
The “customer-centred” wealth management biosphere has worked, substituting for the buying and selling of income industries. During the reporting period, the company’s online and offline marketing capacity was enhanced to optimize the “brain-and-brain” application, with 42% monthly growth in both active users and $6,720 million in corporate agency sales revenues.
The firm enhances the creation of wealth management products, team-building, and actively guides clients to “productization” and the depth of the company's investment with institutions.
X-ray, classized services according to the size of the client's assets, recommended, in turn, for “public fund-raising,” “big job” and “private 50” products based on client hierarchies, and introduced new guests with gift packages, double 11 wealth carnivals, big ones.
Marketing activities such as live curry, improving service efficiency and customer stickyness, upgrading wealth management plan services, and creating social marketing tools such as the micro-credit program “Seller Treasure Plus”, with 40% increase in the number of new households throughout the year.
+34.79 per cent, net revenue from sales of financial products increased by 219 per cent over the same period, with industry ranking rising from eighth.
"cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Co-operation in research and institutional marketing, services to banks and bank finance, insurance and insurance management, 9th House of the House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City.
Clients of public/private fund-raising institutions with investment styles, and capture of equity product performance of public fund-raising, excellent performance, the Fund’s “blowing” market opportunities, and a significant increase in product sales capacity, competed for a coupon dealer settlement model product, and established swaps with a number of fund companies.
Increased input from the Geetek Enterprise Trading Platform, enhanced capacity for all-asset investment management, extreme-speed transactions and strategic transaction services, as well as a ratio of assets to assets traded in privately-funded products +72%, and the same ratio to customers traded in the Geetek Agency +114%.
The Division strengthened the application of innovation and financial science and technology by issuing the first private fund evaluation index, the Cmsfi Index, to update business models and business patterns, while strengthening wind control, merit-based product agencies, and actively reducing the size of unmarked products.
Millions of dollars of $2.87 trillion, representing an increase of 27.58%, 28.15%, and a 24.24% market share in the number of private fund-raising hosting products, maintain the industry’s absolute leadership. The synergy of the investment platform is evident, and the scale of refinancing has increased significantly.
\triangleright Created a multi-channel platform for collaborative operations, providing one-stop integrated financial services for high-quality enterprises, with over 100 enterprises in stock at the end of the reporting period and expanding semiconductor, biomedical, agroforestry over the year
In 2020, companies achieved $131.7 billion in securitization, the sixth year in a row. Companies registered are more efficient in listing, and companies have a significant advantage in screening project capabilities, project reserves, and quality control.
As of 18 March 2021, 22 company ipo project reserve projects, with the number of reserve projects in the top 10 sectors, 14 refinancing projects, sixth in the ranks of industry, 2021 equity financing operations are expected to hit the top five industries, with high income growth expected.
In the context of the corridor, the total size of the treasury fell - 1.69% to $5,41,922 million, and continued to rank as the industry's number one joint venture.
Growing up, breakthroughs in product creation, solid collection +, debt setting, etc., upgrading of investment systems, solid value-added of customer assets, private fund-raising and voluntary management of assets on average 2760.25 a month, company-contribution funds (45% equity) and time-funds (49% shareholding)
Corporate returns are outstanding, with investment returns of 407 million yuan and 611 million yuan respectively, and the Botting Fund Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Companies have a large customer base in wealth management, investing in power, systems building, product marketing capacity and asset allocation capacity are leading in the industry, wealth management municipalities
The rate is expected to increase further; synergies between the inter-opazoid platforms are emerging, corporate projects are well-stocked and project implementation is of high quality, although regulatory ipo audits are stringent, registration is market-wide and expected; and self-employment performance due to large stock market fluctuations is not as high as expected.
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprises, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research, Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities in April 2020.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 to conduct research on the non-banking financial sector, which is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.