Yonyou (600588 CH)
Distressed margin with non-standardized cloud
HOLD (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB22.27
Yonyou announced preliminary FY22 net profit of RMB200-220mn (-68.9-71.7%
(Previous TP
RMB23.51)
YoY). The weakness was attributable to COVID resurgence and FY4Q22 and higher
Up/Downside
(9.2\%)
R&D spending. While Yonyou's business is slowly recovering in FY23E, we remain
Current Price
RMB24.51
cautious on its cloud migration progress as its large enterprise customers (68% of
revenue) are less willing to adopt standardized cloud model. Customization would
China Software & IT Services
result in higher R&D and thus limiting business scalability and margin upside from
Marley NGAN
cloud migration.
Yonyou preliminary FY22 missed on COVID-resurgence and higher R&D
expenses. Yonyou announced FY22 preliminary net profit ranged from
Bowen LI
RMB200-220mn (down 68.9-71.7% YoY), missed consensus estimate of
RMB505mn. The was attributable to 1) COVID resurgence in FY4Q22 and 4Q
recorded one-off disposal gain of RMB214mn. FY22 core revenue (software +
Stock Data
(+16% YoY). We think the FY4Q22 top-line weakness is largely anticipated but
the R&D surge is not.
Business slowly recovering in Jan, Yonyou's subsidiary Chanjet targets
30% YoY top-line growth in FY23E. Yonyou's HK-listed subsidiary Chanjet
Shareholding Structure
(1588 HK) also announced FY22 profit warning. Yonyou's business targeting
small/ micro enterprises is operated through Chanjet (Yonyou owns 61.85%
stake). Chanjet FY22 revenue was up 12-18% YoY while SaaS subscription
revenue grew +45% YoY. Implied FY4Q22 revenue was down 18% YoY to
RMB180mn (vs. +34% YoY in FY9M22). Management hosted a conference call
Share Performance
and commented that business is slowly recovering since Jan 2023. Chanjet
targets to achieve +30% YoY in top-line growth and to break-even in FY23E.
This suggested RMB883mn revenue contribution by small/ micro enterprises to
Yonyou, missed our prior forecast of RMB1.1bn.
Source: FactSet
Customization for large-enterprises adds margin pressure. We keep our
12-mth Price Performance
view that Yonyou's cloud migration path is tough with it large enterprise-focused
strategy (68% of revenue) as these customers (mostly SOEs) are less willing to
adopt a standardized cloud model. The demand for customization would result
in extra IT services work. This is in-line with our observation that Yonyou has
increased its workforce by 4,000 people (+20% YoY) to over 25,000 even in
FY22. Also, since the company launched its cloud-focused strategy in 2019, 1)
revenue/ operating profit generated per employee has been decreasing (fig.5-
and 2) R&D capitalization rate was up from about 20% to 35%.
Source: FactSet
Maintain HOLD. We cut FY22-24E revenue by 5-6% and derived new target
Kingdee vs. Yonyou valuation
price of RMB22.27 (prior RMB23.51), based on unchanged 6.0x FY23E
EV/sales.
Earnings Summary
Related Reports
Yonyou (600588 CH) - "Software
localization adds uncertainty to
cloud strategy" – 28 Oct 2022 (link)
Yonyou (600588 CH) - "Takes time
to build the cloud platform" - 22 Aug
2022 (link)
Focus Charts
Revenue
→ YoY
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Preliminary FY22 results key points
Yonyou preliminary FY22 net profit missed
FY22 net profit attributable to owners of the parent ranges from RMB200mn to RMB220mn
(down 68.9-71.7% YoY). Excluding non-recurring items, net profit would range between
RMB85-105mn (down 74.1-79.0% YoY). The decline in net profit was resulted from
Project delivery usually takes place in 4Q. 4Q usually accounted for 45%
of full year revenue. The COVID resurgence, especially in Dec 2022, has
resulted in new contract sign and project implementation delay.
FY22 core revenue (software + cloud) delivered YoY increase but the
growth rate was lower than that in FY21 (+16% YoY).
R&D expenses increased with structural change in workforce
Due to the increasing demand in digitalization and localization, Yonyou
added 4,000+ employees in FY22, resulting in an increase of R&D
expenses. Meanwhile, Yonyou spent more opex to boost IT partners'
project delivery capability in order to fulfil large customers' demand in
software customization.
Yonyou plans to raise the profit sharing ratio with their IT partners going
forward to enhance profitability.
Yonyou recorded one-off disposal gain of RMB214mn in FY21.
Chanjet (1588 HK) FY22 profit warning
Yonyou HK-listed subsidiary Chanjet (1588 HK) announced FY22 profit warning. Yonyou's
business targeting small/micro enterprises is operated through Chanjet and Yonyou holds
61.85% stake in Chanjet. Management hosted a call on 31 Jan to discuss FY23 outlook.
FY22 revenue: RMB661-697mn (+12-18% YoY). SaaS subscription was up +45%
YoY. Customer retention and dollar renewal rate also increased YoY but renewal
rate improvement was not significant.
Implied FY4Q22 revenue: RMB180mn (-18% YoY), vs. +34% YoY in FY9M22.
FY22 net loss: RMB204-222mn (vs. net loss of RMB185.07mn in FY21).
FY23E targets:
a. Revenue +30% YoY
b. Limited change in employee scale, will focus on boosting profitability
c. Target to break-even in FY23E
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM, Bloomberg
Operating model
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
Yonyou (600588 CH, HOLD, TP RMB22.27)
We maintain HOLD with new target price of RMB22.27 (prior RMB23.51), based on
unchanged 6.0x FY23E EV/sales.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.