Yonyou (600588 CH)
Concern on the higher R&D capitalization
SELL (Down)
Target Price
RMB19.56
Yonyou reported FY4Q22 revenue of RMB3.67bn (-8% YoY) and net profit of
(Previous TP
RMB22.27)
RMB759mn (+31% YoY), missed our/ consensus estimates by 13/17%
Up/Downside
(24.8\%)
respectively. The weakness was due to COVID-19 resurgence and GPM
Current Price
RMB25.99
erosion given higher staff cost and outsourcing expenses. For cloud segment,
China Software & IT Services
revenue showed no YoY growth although ARR was up +23.8% YoY. ARR
contribution to cloud revenue was stable at 32% (vs. 58% for Kingdee), which
Marley NGAN
suggested majority of Yonyou's cloud revenue is not recurring. We are also
concerned with the increasing R&D capitalization rate to record-high of 48%.
Deteriorating earnings quality could result in share price de-rating.
Bowen LI
Downgrade from HOLD to SELL.
■ FY4Q22 missed with no growth in cloud revenue. Yonyou reported
weak FY4Q22 results with revenue of RMB3.67bn (-8% YoY) and net
profit of RMB759mn (+31% YoY), both missing our and consensus
Stock Data
estimates. Cloud service revenue showed no growth at RMB2.81bn,
accounting for 77% of revenue while Software business continued to
shrink (-29% YoY). Operating profit was RMB750mn (-19% YoY), and
lower opex ratio at 39.1% (-3.6 pcts) was offset by the decline in GPM (-
6.3 pcts YoY to 59.5%). Yonyou attributed the GPM erosion to higher
Shareholding Structure
staff cost (no. of employee +21% YoY in 4Q22) and outsourcing
expenses.
Customer mix has limited the ARR and cloud revenue visibility.
Although ARR growth remained steady (+23.8% YoY to RMB2.04bn),
Share Performance
ARR accounted for only 32% of cloud revenue, similar to the 31% in
FY21. This implied majority of Yonyou's cloud revenue is not charged on
subscription basis and is not recurring in nature. This could be explained
with Yonyou's customer mix that skewed towards large-sized enterprises
(69% of FY22 cloud service revenue). The customization demand from
Source: FactSet
large-sized enterprises will limit the ARR and its cloud revenue visibility.
12-mth Price Performance
R&D capitalization rate hit record-high of 48%. In FY22, Yonyou
increased R&D expenditure by +24% YoY to RMB2.93bn as the
Company continues to develop cloud-native products. R&D capitalization
rate rose to record-high of 48% (vs. 36% in FY21, vs. Kingdee's 33% in
FY22). Assuming all R&D are being expensed, Yonyou suffered from net
loss of RMB1.18bn in FY22, significantly widened from net loss of
RMB137mn in FY21. We are concerned with the deteriorating earnings
quality.
Source: FactSet
Downgrade from HOLD to SELL. We cut FY23-24E net profit by 7-9%
Kingdee vs. Yonyou valuation
to reflect lower cloud revenue growth and GPM. Downgrade to SELL with
new target price of RMB19.56 (prior RMB22.27), based on unchanged
6.0x FY23E EV/sales.
Earnings Summary
Related Reports
China Software and IT Services -
"Implications of Huawei MetaERP
(link)
Yonyou (600588 CH) - "Distressed
margin with non-standardized
cloud" - 01 Feb 2023 (link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
FY4Q22 results review
Revenue was RMB3,666mn (-8% YoY, +78% QoQ), below our estimate by 13%
and consensus by 17%.
Cloud revenue was RMB2,807mn (+0% YoY, +125% QoQ), accounting
for 77% of revenue.
Software revenue was RMB840mn (-29% YoY, +6% QoQ).
Gross profit was RMB2,183mn (-17%YoY, +112% QoQ), below our estimate by
18% and consensus by 24%.
Gross margin was 59.5%, (-6.3 pct pts YoY, +9.6 pct pts QoQ), missing our
estimate by 3.5 pct pts and consensus by 4.8 pct pts.
Operating profit was RMB750mn (-19% YoY, +305% QoQ), missing our estimate
by 14% and consensus by 11%.
Operating margin was 20.5% (-2.7 pct pts YoY, +38.3 pct pts QoQ), missing our
estimate by 0.3 pct pts but above consensus by 1.5 pct pts. .
Net profit was RMB759mn (+31% YoY, +367% QoQ), in-line with our estimate but
below consensus by 5%.
EPS was RMB0.22 (+24% YoY, +367% QoQ).
Source: Company data
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Operating model
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
Yonyou (600588 CH, SELL, TP RMB19.56)
We downgrade Yonyou from HOLD to SELL with new target price of RMB19.56 (prior
RMB22.27). Our target price is derived from unchanged 6.0x FY23E EV/sales, 1-SD below
three-year mean. We believe the customization demand for large-sized enterprises will
continue to weigh on margin. We are concerned with the margin erosion and deteriorating
earnings quality as R&D capitalization rate surged.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.