Shanxi wine has grown in space and certainty, far from the ceiling, and Shanxi wine has been published in the 18th half-yearly newspaper. In the first half of 2018, $5.04 billion was collected, 47.4 per cent more than the previous year.
A net gain of 940 million, or 55.8 per cent over the same period, or $108 per share. The net gain of 2q18 and the net gain, respectively, was 1.8 billion system dividends released, the end-exploitation effort was greater, the cards increased by 47.4 per cent, and the factor of 1h18 increased by an estimated 40-45 per cent in low-price white wine.
The Saffron series grew at the fastest rate, the old white and bozos grew slightly less than the company, and the gold prize remained stable for 20 years. (2) Subregionally, benefiting from the expansion of channels, revenue went hand in hand in Shanxi Province and beyond, with an increase of 43 per cent, 53 per cent, and 1678 dealers at the end of the second quarter, a 56 per cent increase in the same year, with the terminal opening.
High-end marketing activities have increased the brand image of rum through activities such as Walking Wine. 1h18 net profit increased by 55.8 per cent, of which 2q18 increased by 69.5 per cent, and future net interest rates increased sustainably.
As a result of this change, two-quarterly card companies have recognized higher incomes, and the Māori rate of 2q18 has fallen by 3.1 pct. With the increase in income size, the cost rate for 1h18 has fallen by 2 pct. As reforms move forward, there is much room for growth and certainty in alcohol performance.
It is expected that reforms will continue in 2018-2019, with rapid release of system dividends, including corporate group-level reforms, executives, marketing team incentives, etc.
At the level, the increase in the expansion of the channels is sufficient to support rapid income growth. As reforms advance and scale expand, it is expected that there will be much room for improvement in both the Māori rate and the cost rate, and that the net interest rate will continue to rise and converge towards similar enterprises such as Ocean River Shares and Old Lodges.
Coal price fluctuations have affected the demand for white wine in Shanxi Province, high targets have led to pressure on the channel and an increase in stocks, using the market price of August 27, 2018 as the standard.
"The Shanxi Wine Review: Initiation of the war with China, the country has changed to Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
The soup is bright.