The net profit of the shareholders was 937 million yuan, an increase of 55.76 per cent over the previous year. Of this amount, q2 earned 1,802 million yuan, an increase of 45.30 per cent over the same period.
Low-end product share decreases overall Māori rates and lower cost leads to higher net interest rates. In the first half of the year, the company achieved income of $5,042 billion, or 47.38 per cent, and a net return to mothers of $937 million, or 55.76 per cent, or slightly higher than expected. In the second half of the year, low-price white wine income of $1,808 million, or 84.16 per cent, was significantly higher, mainly as a result of the combination of alcohol series and custom-made alcohol.
In terms of cost rates, companies have increased their market input and branding, advertising and marketing costs have risen and marketing costs have increased by 42.6% over the same period, but inputs have had positive effects, sales costs have dropped by 0.6 pct, overall
In the subregion, 2,871 million revenues were realized within the province, an increase of 43.38 per cent over the previous year, representing an increase of 410 company dealers, of which 318 were added to q2 and 92 to ring q1. The growth was mainly concentrated in the rural market, which focused on the western part of the ring. The 18h1 Henan market had achieved 500 million sales, representing 50 per cent of the year ' s mandate, while the Inner Mongolia and Hebei markets had completed 70 per cent respectively.
With the introduction of the war, the company quickly expanded its South-based weak brand + product + market, with multiple channels to build high growth in the future. In branding, the wine is the name of a snobbler, with a deep culture of branding.
Consumer recognition is high, companies will continue to build cultural drivers, strengthen brand inputs, and accelerate internationalization of the layout of their products. The upscaling of the product, the increase in the out-of-country share and speed of the product structure will lead to continued optimization of the product structure; higher and stable prices of the lower end of the chain; and the scale of the bamboo leaf sales. On the market, there will be an upturn in the economy, accelerated expansion outside the country, and continued deepening of the marketing system in 2018.
On June 29, the company’s announcement that China had completed the campaign, the marketing and management synergies were expected to emerge, and it was to be expected that the benefits of further optimization of the company’s internal governance structure and subsequent reforms would be realized. As one of the second highest-end white wines with a more visible nationalization trend, the company could benefit from a sub-high-end expansion.
The development of vulnerable markets and channels in the north can grow steadily; the provincial masters attack the market in the mountains and west, accelerating the process of nationalization. Meanwhile, the country’s corporate reforms are continuing, management incentives are being implemented, people are being marketed, corporate incentives are being mobilized, business efficiency is being improved, and Eastern wealth is flourishing.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a double degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, jointly trains a PhD in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze its own research views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies