Sancie food beverages (60809) Quantities of upscaling and product structure upgrades, faster and more profitable harvests, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
In the first half of the year, $2.87 billion, or +43 per cent, was earned in the provinces. In the latter half of the year, $2.13 billion, or +53 per cent, continued to grow at a high rate. Market opening (410 to 1678 new distributors in the first half of the year) and product structure upgrading were evident.
In addition, the product structure has been upgraded: further expansion of district markets, crowding out competitions for survival, and still better growth in the province’s interior, with the low-end liquor market rising; and the Gold Award 20, which is influenced by the base figure, is estimated to be about 20%. Intra-provincial market openings + center-high-end focus: the market around the mountain west continues to grow as a priority.
The market layout promoted the nationalization of rum, and the number of distributors and control terminals increased significantly; in Henan, for example, more than 80 new outlets were added in the first half of the year, ranging from 50,000 to 80,000 and nearly 100 new distributors, with an estimated tax content of more than $500 million in the first half of the year: at the same time, other regions of the Rim West market were able to do the same.
High-speed growth, with more than 60% of the year’s GDP reaching about 70%. Sub-products show an increase of 34% in the middle of the first half of the year (the Saffron + Gold Award + High-end Old Shirts) and an estimated increase of more than 70% in the Saffron series, mainly benefiting from the high end of the drive and focus outside the province; and an increase of 84% in the low-end (Bobs) of 1%.
The market in Shanxi has increased the yield of the botanium; it has consolidated some low-end products, contributing 300-400 million yuan, excluding the Ministry, with a decrease of 1.4 percentage points in management costs, mainly through increased cost control and efficiency gains. Net interest rates have increased by 1.3 to 20%, and profitability has continued to increase.
It's a well-known brand in the country, especially in the northern market; it's based on high brands and sub-high-end expansion, and it increases market openings and inputs in this round of wine recovery.
Try to fine-tune regulation: import marketing control models from outside the country, so that market-leaving rhythms can be released efficiently and robustly. At the same time, ongoing state-owned reforms are unleashing momentum, and China’s inflows are expected to lead to advanced management models that expect innovation in both markets and channels.
Shanxi Liquor, formerly a Shanxi almond village wine factory, was transformed into a joint-stock company in 1993 and placed on the market in 1994.
The company’s main business structure: 62.5% of the company’s revenue in 2017 came from high-middle-priced white wine, of which the gold prize contributed 22%, the cerebral roses contributed 20% in 20 and 30 years, and the rest mostly from the old white wine series; 33.7% from low-priced white wine, which is the proportion of the rich.
More than 90%: In 2017, the company Māori made a major contribution of medium-end white wine, which grew by more than 50% over the 20 years of its flower series and gold prize, with a marked upgrading of its product structure, and a number of small price increases. The alcohol industry is recovering, with company performance gradually improving; at the same time, the company has benefited significantly from state-owned business reforms in Shanxi Province, 2017.