The company released its annual report for 2019, which achieved a total operating income of $30.480 billion during the reporting period, and the company's limited public revenue.
Performances were in line with expectations, a drop that was much better than the level of industry: the company ' s performance in 2019 was largely in line with the expectations of the city, on the one hand, the decline in demand in the industry as a result of a fall in subsidies for new energy buses, and, on the other hand, the contraction of market demand for passenger transport, school buses, etc., and the overall decline in the bus industry, 2019
In 2020, due to the impact of the new crown epidemic, a significant drop in passenger vehicles is expected in the first quarter of the year, the epidemic is initially under control in the country at the end of the quarter, while the overseas epidemic is beginning to spread, and the passenger vehicles are out of the country with a relative depth of 300 indicators.
It will also be affected temporarily, with uncertain changes in the new energy subsidy policy, firm positions for the company as a whole in large and medium passenger vehicles, and a high cash-red rate: good quality after-sales services and good brand credibility, thanks to the company ' s strong product competitiveness, company passenger vans.
In 2019, the company achieved 50 million large and medium bus sales, with a market share of up to 37.1 per cent and an increase of 2.6 percentage points in the same year; the market for seating buses/buses/school buses increased in all directions over the same period last year.
At that time, there was a marked improvement in corporate cash flows, with net cash flows from operating activities in 2019 amounting to $5.34 billion, an increase of 107.1 per cent over the year, and cash at the end of the year amounting to $4.48 billion, mainly as a result of the evaluation of the aaayu bus (60066)
The successive payments for new energy financial subsidies, which also reflect the strong risk-resistant capabilities of leading companies, are expected to find a gold dividend of $10 per 10 shares and a cash score of 22.1 aaayu bus (600066) is expected to be evaluated.
_aaa_Utongbus (600066).
On the one hand, companies will improve their overseas marketing systems by increasing the proportion of direct sales; on the other hand, they will speed up the introduction of high- and middle-end replacements abroad and continuously improve the competitiveness of their products.
Limited, but in the long run, with high demand for new and medium-end energy buses, tourist cars, etc., the company’s efforts to reach overseas markets through a variety of initiatives are still to be expected. Given the firm position of the company’s passenger cars and their high dividends and dividends, the company’s performance is assessed as “increasing.”
The company recently released its annual report for 2019, which achieved a gross operating income of $30.480 billion, a decrease of 3.99 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $1.94 billion attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, a decline of 15.7 per cent over the same period.
On the one hand, it is expected that the fall in demand for new energy buses will be caused by a fall in demand; on the other hand, there will be a contraction in market demand for passenger transport, school buses, etc., and an overall decline in the bus industry, with 134,000 buses sold in 2019, a decrease of 11.31 per cent compared to 2018 and 59,000 buses sold by companies, a decline of 3.58 per cent compared to 3.58 per cent.
While the outbreak began to spread at the end of the quarter, the overseas exports of passenger vehicles were temporarily affected, the top two, large and medium passenger vehicles were firmly in place, and the cash distribution remained high, although the traditional bus market had contracted in recent years and new energy buses continued to shuffle, it had benefited from strong corporate competition for products.
Power, high quality after-sales services and good brand credit have led to a stronger corporate passenger car, with 50 million vehicles sold in 2019, up to 37.1 per cent, an increase of 2.6 percentage points in the same year; 48.7 per cent, an increase of 2.8 percentage points, for seats, and 27.3 per cent, an increase in the public bus market.
Ten thousand, with a market share of 25.6%, an increase of 1.7 percentage points from the previous year, show an overall increase in the passenger-car market as compared to the same period last year. At the same time as increased competition in the industry, there has been a marked improvement in corporate cash flows, with net cash flows generated by operations in 2019 amounting to $5.34 billion, an increase of 107.1%, and cash at the end of the year amounting to $4.48 billion, mainly.
Because the new energy financial subsidy is on the line and the side reflects the high risk resistance of the leading firms, the Department has launched a high cash share of $10 per 10 shares, a cash share of $2.21 billion is expected, a share of 3 and a share of the overseas market, and the export of new high-end energy passenger vehicles is expected.
In 2019, the country exported 22,711 large and medium passenger vehicles, an increase of 14.36 per cent over the same period, while the company ' s overseas sales of 7,045 passenger vehicles were below industry levels and, in the case of overseas markets, the company took as its entry point the improvement of the overseas marketing system, increasing the proportion of direct sales, and accelerated the introduction of high- and medium-end replacement vehicles abroad, thereby continuously improving the competitiveness of its products.
In the short term, as a result of an overseas epidemic, exports are temporarily restricted, but in the long run, the demand for buses, such as new, high-end energy buses, tourist buses, etc., is high, and the company’s efforts to reach overseas markets through a variety of initiatives are still to be expected.
The head of the car is strong and has a high red and dividends rate, with a “growth” rating. Bus sales are lower than expected, new energy subsidies are downhill, and overseas bus sales are lower than expected.