q3 Increased oil and gas production and high-quality diversified assets to support sound operations - China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident assessment report issued three-quarter performance report by China Sea Oil: total revenue achieved in the third quarter of 2024
In the first three quarters of 2024, U.S. and U.S. economic data were weak and world economic growth moved.
The lack of capacity has led to a weakening of the market ' s expectations of crude oil supply and demand, and the pressure on international oil prices, which are now on the rise. In the third quarter of 2024, the average price of wti crude oil was $75.20 per producer of marine crude oil and gas, with high-quality diversified oil and gas abroad.
Production, in the face of a complex external environment, the company insists on increasing production up and reducing efficiency gains. Thanks to the production contribution of oil and gas fields, such as Pioneer 19-6 and Engping 20-4 and the production growth resulting from the launch of the Janapayara project, the company's total oil and gas production in the third quarter of the year.
Cost controls have been effective and cash flows have been growing steadily The company has continued to boost its mitigation efficiency, at a cost of $28.14 per barrel oil in the last three quarters.
In terms of the cost of the period, the company sold/managed 0.02 pct in the first three quarters of 2024, with an increase in the financial costs due to exchange rate movements leading to gains and losses on exchange, the best performance in the history of the same period, cash flow
Add. The combined cost rates for the four periods of 3.15 per cent, with a modest increase of 0.11 pct over the same period last year, in the context of increased exchange gains and losses, showing good corporate costs, 2, China Sea Oil (600938), net oil and gas
In terms of cash flows, corporate cash flows increased in the first three quarters of 2024, with higher output and higher performance expectations for 2024q1.
These include the discovery of China’s maritime area, Wenchang’s 10-3 East, and the successful evaluation of Cao’s oil- and gas-bearing structures, which have been enriched by the company’s oil and gas reserves.
Face, secondary readjustment development project for the 36-1/B Great 5-2 oil field, Deep Sea I Economic downside risk; risk of high volatility in product prices; risk of under-construction of the project; risk of being constrained by environmental policy start-up; downstream demand less than expected
The company's profit projections (millions of dollars) were introduced by the Chemical Group, Zhang Weibao: M.A. Chemical, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were researched by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.