On 17 October, China Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. announced that its fully-owned subsidiary, cnooc petroleumbasiltda, was cooperating with the Brazilian National Petroleum Authority and the Perotas Basin.
The highest/minimum (in dollars) for the last 12 months was accompanied by a mineral tax oil contract for each of the four Brazilian maritime exploration blocks. • Four mineral tax oil contracts were signed to sustain the exploration and exploitation of the overseas blocks
The contract was signed in respect of the Santos basins s-m-1813, p-m-1737/39/97 in the Perotas basin, which were the subject of the fourth round of the Brazilian tender for open blocks (mine tax system), with a total of four blocks, each located in the Brazilian sea, covering a total area of approximately 2,600 square kilometres and water depths of 600 to 3,000 metres.
Compared to the trend of 300 deep company prices, Petrolembrasilltda has 100% of the operator’s interest in blocks s-m-1813 and 20% of the non-operator’s interest in each of the three blocks p-m-1737/39/97.
The Division is the operator of the three blocks of p-m-1737/39/97 with a 50% interest and Shell with a 30% interest for non-operators.
Field repairs and other unplanned stoppages have resumed, with Brazil ' s crude and condensed oil production increasing by 107,000 barrels per day in July, reaching 3.52 million barrels per day, and will continue to increase for the rest of the year, with the original oil and condensed oil production reaching 3.76 million barrels per day by the end of the year. In addition, Brazil ' s average crude oil production will exceed that next year.
Over 3.9 million barrels per day. In October 2013, China ' s sea oils joined forces with the Brazilian National Oil Company, Dowdar, Shell, and China ' s oil co-bidding, winning the third-largest salted super-deep water oil field in the world, the Ribella block. For more than a decade, China ' s sea oil has worked closely with its partners on local oil financing.
Since then, China’s sea oil has successfully held the Brazilian Buzius project, the largest deep-water salt oil field in the world, and successfully completed the Buzius project in 2022, making it the largest partner of the Brazilian National Oil Company in the field.
At present, China Sea Oil has 10% interest in the Ribella block in Brazil and 7.34% interest in the Buzius project, both located in the Santos basin. On July 31, 2025, the Brazilian Salt Oil Management Corporation (ppsa) launched a tender for crude oil, which was successful in China.
Mark No. 2, 12 million barrels of Merro crude oil from the Ribella oil field. This is the first time in Brazil that the Chinese company has won the psa Brazilian government equity oil in the form of an open competition in the current field.
1. In recent years, China ' s sea oils have continued to make positive capital expenditures to ensure that the strategic objective of increasing production is met, and have continued to increase production, with a global strategy of increasing capital growth since 2016.
The cost of barrel oil has continued to decline and has actively contributed to the increase in reserves 3. From the domestic offshore oil and gas taps to the world’s top class, the company’s reserves and production growth have led the industry. In 2023, the production of oil and gas was 678 million barrels.
(a) The price of crude oil and gas fluctuates significantly;
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.