The downside profits of 2403 oil prices have continued to rise, and companies have been able to resist oil price fluctuations in China ' s sea oils (600938.sh) and China ' s marine oils (0883.hk)
Events: On October 28, 2024, China Sea Oil issued its third-quarter report for 2024. Before 2024, in the third quarter of 2024, the company achieved business income of 32.6.24 billion yuan, or +6.26 per cent, and a net return profit of 2020403, which was positive despite the fall in international oil prices.
\triangleright also shows a higher increase than the increase in production. The ring contrasts with the fall in oil prices, the loss of oil and gas production during the typhoon, and the small increase in barrel oil costs, the net profit of the company’s parent has declined somewhat.
The average sales price of the company fell as international oil prices rebounded, but the discounted price with the tar continued to narrow: 20,2403, influenced by crude oil supply and demand fundamentals and weak macro-level expectations, the average price of Brent crude oil fell to $7.71 per barrel, $7.22 per barrel (-8.4 per cent) compared to $7.32 per barrel, and the ring to $6.32 per barrel.
The average discount price of $2.30 per barrel compared to the tar, which continues to be narrow in relation to the same ring, is related to such factors as the price of the main and domestic pole oil as the price of the oil is narrow, the Canadian cross-mount pipeline has opened, which has resulted in a narrow price margin for the oil sand, and the structural changes in the sale of the product. The company achieved a gas price of $7.75 per kilogram of the same value.
Oil and gas production increased by 7 per cent in the same year and the ring was affected by typhoons: 20243, the company ' s net oil and gas production was 179.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, compared to +7 per cent, in line with the company ' s output acceleration target guidelines; the ring ratio - 1.6 per cent, the ring ratio was equal, thanks mainly to the production of the Guyana Payara project.
Blocks have 20% interest, or are expected to contribute to growth in overseas production.
Sinda Securities Inc. $ 28.93 (+0.16 for the same year and $0.02 for the ring), barrel oil cost increases or commons
Itd Division has a number of operational arrangements. The cost of barrel oil operations has increased significantly (US$0.38 a year, around Beijing's west town district, the amount of gold in Wamenxi Street A-127).
Capital expenditure has remained high and development expenditure has increased: the company achieved capital in the first three quarters of 2024.
\triangleright Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We project the company ' s net return profits in 2024-2026, respectively \triangleright
a The shares are 8.42, 7.98 and 7.67 times the shares and the shares are 5.28, 5.00 and 4.80 times the shares. Given that the company benefits from high crude oil prices and production space, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the shares of the company a and h.
Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; not as fast as expected of companies to increase production; \triangleright economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of Industry of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development
Planning research, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related advice were conducted on 100 topics, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industry carbon peaks and high-quality development in the national ministry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.