New projects in the country and abroad are well under way and firm growth is quite certain in the long run.
• Investment rating: superior to (maintained) the main city. According to China Sea Oil Officer Network, on 31 October 2024, the company announced the safe commissioning of the Brazilian mero3 project; on 6 November 2024, the company announced the commissioning of the Jinzhou 23-2 oil field project on 3 December 2024.
1) The Brazilian mero3 project was launched with an additional equity capacity of 17.4 million barrels of oil equivalent/day: the mero field is located in the south-eastern part of Brazil under the Santos salt (exploitated liquid gas production storage unit) + the development model of the underwater production system, the crude oil production capacity of 180,000 barrels/day, and the project increased the overall crude oil production in the mero field to 590,000 barrels/day after delivery. The company's wholly-owned subsidiary has a 9.65% interest in the mero oil field product allocation contract (psc).
Operator Petrobras has an interest of 38.6 per cent. 2) Canada ' s North-West Long Lakes project is operational, with a projected peak production of 8,200 barrels of oil equivalent/day in 2025: the North-West Long Lakes project is located in the province of Grand Albert, in Kana, and its main production facilities include the construction of a new ground well and four transmission pipelines, using steam gravity aided oil (sagd)
Production modalities, deployment of 8 production wells, expected to achieve a peak yield of 8,200 barrels of oil equivalent/day in 2025. The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary has a 100 per cent interest in the North-West Long Lakes project and acts as operator.
At the mouth, 17 gas wells, the main product of which is light crude oil and natural gas, are expected to achieve a peak yield of 20,600 barrels of oil equivalent/day in 2027. China Sea oil has a 100% interest in the project and acts as an operator.
A central processing platform plans to build 65 new production wells, with heavy crude oil in the nature of oil, with a peak production of 17,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day expected to be achieved in 2027. The project is the first multi-layered thermal oil mining project in China, using “steam toll + chemically assisted steam drive” to reduce the viscosity of crude oil and to effectively increase the capacity to use dense oil reserves in offshore oil fields. China’s sea oils have a 100% interest in the project and act as an operator.
5)opec+ is expected to continue to extend the voluntary reduction of production time and oil prices are expected to hit the bottom: the latest November report of eea indicates that in 2024 iea increased the demand for crude oil from 860,000 barrels per day to 920,000 barrels per day, eia increased the demand for crude oil in 2024 from 910,000 barrels per day to 990,000 barrels per day/year, and 2.2 million barrels per day of voluntary reduction in production to the end of December 2024, but there are reports that zeropec+ or further postponement of production plans in the United States.
Insufficient oil capital expenditure, limited overall increase in shale oil production, strategic oil reserves in the replenishment phase, Russia, Iraq, Kazakhstan, etc., are expected to continue to implement compensatory reductions, with a tight overall supply. The Brazilian Mero 3 project was launched with an additional equity capacity of 17.4 million barrels of oil equivalent/day
The mero oil field is located in the lower saline basin of Santos in the south-eastern part of Brazil, some 180 km from Rio de Janeiro, with water depths between 1800 and 2,100 metres. The mero3 project uses the traditional deep-water oil field fpso (exploitated gas production dumps) + the development model of the underwater production system, which is 180,000 barrels/day of oil production, and has increased the overall crude oil production of the mero oil field to 590,000 barrels/day after delivery.
Oilfield Products Subcontract (psc) 9.65 per cent equity, operator petrobras 38.6 per cent interest Investing in the North-West Long Lake Canada project, expected to achieve a peak yield of 8,200 barrels of oil equivalent/day in 2025 North-West Long Lakes project, located in Albert Province, Canada, with major production facilities including the construction of a new ground well site and four transmission pipelines, project extraction
The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary has a 100% interest in the North-West Long Lake project and acts as an operator. The 26-6 oil field development project is located in the Pearl River mouth basin, with an average depth of about 110 metres, with a major production facility to level a new integrated smart drill in 2025.
The project plans to produce 19 development wells, including 2 oil wells, 17 gas wells, with a major product of light crude oil and natural gas, with a projected peak yield of 20,600 barrels of oil equivalent/day in 2027. China’s sea oils have 100% interest in the project and act as operator.
The Jinzhou 23-2 oil field project, which is located in the northern part of the Bay, is located at an average depth of about 13 metres, with the main production facility being the construction of two new central processing platforms, plans to build 65 new production wells, with heavy crude oil in the nature of oil, and is expected to achieve a peak yield of 17,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day in 2027. The project is China's first multilayered oil-heating development project, using “steam inhalation plus chemical-aided steam drive” to reduce the viscosity of crude oil.
China’s sea oils have a 100% interest in the project and act as an operator. opec+ is expected to continue to extend the voluntary cut-off period, and oil prices are expected to hit the bottom.
Of these, the collective reduction target of 3.6 million barrels per day was extended to the end of 2025, and the voluntary reduction of 2.2 million barrels per day was extended to the end of December 2024, but there were reports of an increase in production of occ+ or a further delay in production. Current spending on the capital of shale oil in the United States was insufficient, the overall increase in shale oil production was limited, strategic oil reserves were in the replenishment phase, and countries such as Russia, Iraq, Kazakhstan and others were expected to continue to implement compensatory reductions, with supply levels in general being tight, taking into account 0pec+
High fiscal balance costs, and oil prices are expected to remain medium- and high-level; investment proposals: maintenance of profit forecasts, maintenance of a “better than major market” rating risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of frequent natural disasters; risks of new projects being under-developed; geopolitical risks; and policy risks
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject