China Sea Oil (600938.sh)/China Ocean 12 November 2024 Oil (0883.hk): Net oil and gas production is the same
China’s sea oil is rising, cash flows are healthy and growing, and Hong Kong’s investment holding companies are trading.
General oil and gas operations, shale oil and gas operations, oil sand operations and other non-conventional oil and gas operations.
The exploration, exploitation and production of products such as crude oil and natural gas, with the benefit of 100 per cent of the operators of blocks S-m-1813 in the Santos basin and the trade of crude oil and gas in the Perotas basin trade branch, respectively.
The non-operators ' interests of 20 per cent of the three blocks, p-m-1737/39/97, have further expanded the potential for overseas exploration, with the Division operating mainly in markets such as China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, Indonesia and Brazil.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved a million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.5 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter, the company achieved a net production of 179.6 million barrels of oil.
Million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the same period, largely benefited from the production contribution of oil and gas fields such as delta 19-6 and Emping 20-4; offshore net oil and gas production of 172.9 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the same period, largely benefited from the growth in production brought about by the launch of the Guyana Payara project.
The company ' s oil and gas production was 78.4 per cent and 21.6 per cent, respectively, higher by 8.4 per cent, mainly as a result of production from the 19-6 project in Central China and the Payara project in Guyana, and higher by 9.0 per cent, mainly due to the contribution of the 34-1 project and the on-shore natural gas production.
During the first three quarters of 2024, the competitive advantage of the cost was consolidated, with net profits falling faster than international oil prices, and Brent ' s crude oil futures were down at an average price of $81.88 per barrel, a slight decline of 0.30 per cent compared with the previous three quarters. Cash flows were stable and sustained.
Up to $182.77 billion; the combined impact of a build-up of cash outflows resulting from a build-up of fixed-term deposits, $133.37 billion in investments, and continued healthy cash flows. The company maintained a prudent fiscal policy, increasing its capital expenditure by September 24, with four new oil contracts for offshore exploration blocks in Brazil, and continued to push forward the “uploading” of reserves.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company responded positively to the issue of “restoring up production.” Two new discoveries and a successful evaluation of five oil- and gas-bearing structures were obtained in the construction of projects and in the restructuring of wells.
On 17 October, the company announced the signing of four new oil contracts for offshore exploration blocks in Brazil, covering a total area of approximately 2,600 square kilometres, with the Santos Basin s-m-1813 (the basin had previously acquired Libra and Buzios)
One hundred per cent of the rights of the operators of the blocks, with 20 per cent of the non-operators in the Perotas basin p-m-1737/39/97, and the other 50 per cent of the operators in the Brazilian National Oil Company and 30 per cent of the non-operators in Shell.
The benefits of the company ' s oil and gas production project in Brazil are clear: the 10 per cent share of the oil field: two projects are in operation, with 4 projects expected to be operational by 2025, with 360,000 barrels of oil per day at the peak of Mero 1-2. Eleven projects are expected to be operational in the year, with 870,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at the peak of the Buzios 1-5 project.
With a projected peak of 1.5 million barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2029, annualized entitlements amounting to 5.8 per cent of the 2023 net production, we therefore expect that Brazil's new project potential will be available and that the exploration potential abroad will be further enhanced in 2024, that the global economy is expected to continue to grow weakly and that China's long-term economic fundamentals will remain unchanged.
The company will insist on increasing oil and gas reserves, with several new projects successfully launched in the last three quarters, including, inter alia, China’s secondary oil field readjustment and development project and Brazil’s mero3 project abroad, which is expected to grow. The company continues to maintain high dividends, with high returns on shareholders’ investments.
As profits expand, dividends will continue to rise, and the dividends will remain in the high dividends section. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we look forward to a solid future of oil prices with high storage space, high cost-control capacity and stable performance. We predict that the company will earn 2024-2026 operating income.
Risks; risks of exchange rate fluctuations and exchange controls; (4) forward-looking judgement on hydrocarbon prices and real sources of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): Net oil and gas production is higher than ever, cash flows continue to be healthy, growth is high enough to expect.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China ' s sea oil (600938.sh): net oil and gas production is higher than ever, cash flows are healthy and high growth is desirable
The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.