The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services buys (first rating) technology to benefit people from time to time and to sail again.
Periodically growing, the growth logic varies from one attribute to another. The ratio of corporate copper overlays and stickers to Māori is 82% and 74%, which is the main business that determines the growth of the company. Deeply concerned with the industry, we find that the copper overboard industry has both cycles and growth properties, with cyclicality predominantly fr-4 (including cyclicality)
The growth logic is a two-cyclical resonance of demand and raw materials, and growth is largely reflected in the special base copper plate (high-frequency class) where the growth logic is an outbreak of special needs. Companies will benefit from the growth logic of both types of products, with both cyclical and growth-oriented copper overboards.
Daytime: 5g starts a new cycle, and structural changes in the idc+ car board are driving growth. 5g, idc high speed, and auto electronization will be the main drivers of growth in the copperboard industry, which will create market space for regular, high-speed and high-frequency copper plates of 69.3 billion, 36.7 billion and 12.1 billion yuan, respectively, in the last five years.
Land interests: national production accelerates, with a strong geographical advantage. The pcb production capacity of the traditional top-heavy copper sheet is gradually shifting to the mainland, with a corresponding shift in the copper-sheath industry; while the high frequency copper-sheath market is monopolized by foreign manufacturers (86% of the top three municipalities), our communications equipment dealer has a higher voice globally, enabling him to do so.
People and: competitive power have the greatest potential for growth. Traditional copper-captures, companies in industrial chains (playing power relative to upstream and downstream), bargaining power (products are higher than domestic competitors), and the average price of products is higher than domestic competitors.
Patent barriers (the company is the most patented manufacturer of epoxy resin) are particularly competitive: high-frequency copper plates, company accumulation of technology (long-term autonomous R & D and acquisition of technology from the world ' s fourth largest manufacturer), product performance (accepted in 4g), regulatory capacity (net interest rate is higher than Rogers) and price competition
Competing (20% lower price) and customer service (shorter delivery cycle) have advantages, and companies are the few domestic producers that can meet customers' needs in terms of technology (deeper layout in ptfe and hydrocarbons) and production capacity (high-frequency product production in the country), and are therefore expected to take the lead.
To break the pattern of high-frequency markets and have the highest potential for growth.
The dollar, which corresponds to 45, 35 and 28 times the current stock price, takes into account the company's excellent pattern and the scarcity of high-frequency copper-plate operations, so we think the company can enjoy a certain premium next year.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was covered. The downstream landscape was less than expected; increased competition led to a decline in competitiveness; and large shareholders reduced their risk.
The copper sheet business is the key to determining the company’s future. The technology for profit was established in 1985 as a listed company with a China-China equity system, which was listed in 1998. The company owns the copper sheet and the glue sheet (the owner is supposed to be based on the sale of the copper sheet, which is a raw material for the production of the sheet, which can be sold separately for use on multiple layers).
Pcb manufacture, printing of circuit boards (pcb) for research and development, production, marketing, and services. From the company’s revenue structure of 119.8 million in 2018, the percentage of the business of the coatings and glues reached 81.5 per cent and the gross profit ratio 74.1 per cent.
1.1. The deconstruct industry 'cycle + growth' properties, with different types of panels embodying different properties The copper industry has both cycle and growth properties. The copper sheet (coppercladlaminate, cl) is an important building block for the construction of pcb panels, downstream to communications equipment, consumer computers, computers, cars.
In a variety of fields, e.g. electronics, engineering medicine, aerospace, etc., it can be said that the coatings are the upper base of the various circuit systems. According to Prismark, in 2018 the value of the coatings (which are mainly discussed in this paper, and later) reached $12.4 billion, and in 2004-2018 the composite growth rate was 6.1 per cent, from the 15 years.
Development trends suggest that the cyclical and growth-dependent nature of the copper sheet industry is reflected in the fact that, when new demand applications emerge, a new cycle of “high-speed growth and market demand declines”, with the inner core of demand expansion, will open up;
2) Growth is reflected in the rise of the industry as a whole, that is, in the size of the market, with its inner core, with different properties represented by different panels. Further, cyclicality and growth are in fact driven by the upwards of the industry, and ultimately by growth, with the difference between the logic that drives growth and the combination of the logic that drives it.
The trend in the output of the individual categories of the copper plate, we believe, reflects different properties: 1)fr-4 (including high-speed plates), f-1, f-2 and cem. The cyclicality is driven by the overall downstream warming of demand, which is reflected in the strong downstream demand driven by the economy to the best of circumstances.
It is worth mentioning that f4 also contains high-speed coatings in addition to ordinary coatings, which have been growing rapidly in recent years, although they are growing faster.
But we believe that he still embodies the cyclical nature of the copper sheet, because it is the fundamental material underpinning the digital economy era, is widely applied, is the product of the basic needs of the new cycle created by information technology, and is mainly a quantitative growth:
2) Special base sheeting (high frequency boards, etc.) shows growth. Growth is driven by special needs, mainly in terms of value growth, such as the high frequency of copper sheeting in special base sheeting, which is used mainly in the area of wireless communications, where unit prices and profitability are much higher than average, and increases throughout the market.
At a time of long slowdown, the copper slab remained high-growth, and the ratio of production to industry was not absolutely opposite from the 2004 cycle and growth, and the growing copper slab was transformed into a more cyclical base plate, at this point in time, in our view, reflecting the industry week.
Periodically, the traditional coating sheet (general + high-speed), which reflects growth, consists mainly of special base covers, high-frequency coatings in the copper sheet.
Figure 7: Rate of increase in production of various global types of coating plates Figure 8: Comparison of the value of the various types of sheeting with the overall output trajectory of the industry (in millions of United States dollars) 1.2, double-cycle resonance of traditional types of growth and outbreak of high-frequency growth with specific demand
The logic of growth varies from one attribute to another. The reason for distinguishing between different properties is that we believe that the logic of growth is different from the other because, in summary, traditional coatings tend to look mainly at the overall downstream demand and the weekly recovery of raw materials, while the special coatings look mainly at the outbreak of demand in specific areas:
The growth of traditional coatings depends on demand and raw material cycle resonance.
1) Demand cycle: The demand cycle refers to the recovery of the overall demand upstream of the industrial chain driven by downstream segments, i.e. the demand for basic materials released by an outbreak of downstream applications, such as pc 2002 - 200, smartphones 2009 - 2010, 4g communications 2014 - 2018
Figure 10: Global smartphone shipments 2) raw material cycle: raw material price cycle refers mainly to downstream increases in upstream raw material prices
The main raw materials for the coatings include bronze (processed from the original copper), resin (the traditional coating is mainly based on epoxy resin) and bobble sheeting. The periods of the Precursor Raw Material Week include mainly copper-driven cycles from 2004 to 2006 and from 2009 to 2011
The two-cycle resonance of demand and raw materials is a strong cycle.
1) At a time when the demand and raw materials cycle are two-dimensional, the copper sheet has grown faster in terms of output relative to the downstream, with output taking place at a time when the industry is truly a strong cycle; the purple shadow section, where the upstream price increases and the poor sale of the raw materials in the single cycle lead to a decline in the Māori ratio
Thus, for the copper sheet industry, a strong cycle of demand and raw material cycles can be triggered not only by demand-driven pulls, but also by a premium on raw material price transfer downwards.
The worst is the continued rise in the prices of raw materials in times of weak demand. The special caps rely mainly on specific needs, and the special caps are called “special resins” and “special base materials” because they are all applied to them.
Specific needs in specific areas where hydrocarbon resins, ptfe resins are used mainly in high-frequency telecommunications products, such as base stations in communications, signal launching ends in aerospace communications and radar in cars (other circuit systems in these major areas do not need to use high-frequency materials), so it can be seen that
With the start of large-scale 4g construction in the country in 2013, the growth of hydrocarbon resins, ptfe coatings, driven by 4g base stations, has accelerated, resulting in a 31.7 per cent increase in the total output of the special base plate in 2018, thus suggesting that the growth logic of the special base plate is a demand outbreak rather than a warming of the overall downstream demand.
In summary, the cyclicality and growth of the brassboard industry is characterized by different kinds of properties, and the growth logic of the different plates is different. The cyclical nature of the tectonics depends mainly on the recovery of demand as a whole and the resonance of the raw materials cycle, and the growth of the special tectonics.
Depending on the specific needs of a particular area, 1.3, the daily benefits and the long sails of the cappuccino have to be set up simultaneously with the traditional class and the high frequency of the plate. On the basis of the foregoing, on the one hand, the traditional caps are mainly viewed.
Whether the overall demand is warmer or not, on the one hand, the special base plate depends mainly on whether the special needs have erupted. From the production capacity layout, the company is simultaneously configured with the traditional category and the special base plate, in which the company has already become a mature manufacturer in the traditional cover pocket, and the special base plate has only been configured since the end of 2016.
In our view, when the company’s copper sheet business is experiencing rapid growth, profit, human and three factors resonant, one day: the new 5g cycle +idc\car electronic structure changes dramatically. For the whole of the coin, the three main growth dynamics of the new 5g, the idc high speed and car digitization drive the entire industry week.
Periodical repairs, coupled with a steady return in raw material prices from a high position, have led to the traditional weekly resonance logic of a 5g base station and car radar confirming the need for high-frequency coatings, which are expected to erupt with the arrival of 5g base stations and the penetration of car radars;
2) Land interests: national production has accelerated, with a strong geographical advantage. The pcb production capacity of the traditional top-heavy copper sheet is gradually shifting to mainland China, while the relatively high-end high-frequency copper board market is monopolized abroad (the first three manufacturers are American and the market total is 86%), but our communications equipment dealer has a global comparative advantage.
High-profile, and thus capable of leading the industrial chain, the process of high-end material national production replacement will accelerate further in the context of increased trade friction. 3) People and: strong competition have the greatest potential for growth.
Business chain relationships (both upstream and downstream), bargaining power (products are more competitive than domestic competition), patent barriers (the company is the most patented producer of epoxy resin), and high-frequency copper plates, where firms accumulated technology (long-term autonomous R & D and global acquisitions)
Technology of the fourth largest manufacturer, product performance (accepted in 4g), regulatory capacity (net interest rate is higher than Ross), price competitiveness (price is 20% lower) and customer services (delivery cycles are shorter) have advantages, and companies are home-grown with few technologies (in ptfe and hydrocarbons) and produce.
The company is expected to be the first to break the pattern and have the highest growth potential. 2 days: 5g to start a new cycle, and the structural changes in the idc+car are growth-driven.
Communications, idc, and cars are the three largest areas of board use. The export of downstream demand for copper is pcb, which is applied to various electronic terminals in the form of pcb products, while, according to the Prismark data, the pcb downstream communications infrastructure (including wireless base stations and wired communications), computers (including pc, servers/numbers)
According to storage, etc.) and cars are the three most rapidly growing plates, with the same rates of 8.0%, 10.3% and car panels going to be the fastest growing ones in the next five years, with the communications infrastructure growing to be driven by new demand, while the data centres and car panels are driven by structural changes, the most important of which are:
Eventually, it was reflected in the outbreak of demand for ordinary coatings (fr-4, fr-1, fr-2, cem), high-speed coatings (categorized in conventional fr-4) and high-frequency coatings (mainstream including hydrocarbons and ptfe base).
Figure 23: The next five years of cagr projects 2.1, 5g construction to pull the industrial chain, and the HF high-speed copper plate to top winner 5g construction to pull the upstream industrial chain. The evolution of communications technology brought about by 5g will eventually be reflected in communications
With billions of dollars, and based on Sadie’s consultant’s estimate that the number of base stations in China will be 1.1 to 1.5 times that of 4g base stations, we estimate that global and domestic construction of 5g base stations will reach 1.038 million and 5.26 million stations, with 5g expected to significantly lift the entire industrial chain over the next five years.
Specifically, in the area of communications, pcb and coatings are mainly communications equipment in the communications system, including the base station equipment connected to the network (the antenna system aau and the baseband module du+cu), and the transmission facilities of the host network.
1) The power antenna aau in the 5g base station equipment consists mainly of the outer mask, the antenna array, the radio frequency unit, where the antenna array and the radio frequency unit are made up of pcb, i.e. the antenna and the trx panels. The coating board used in the antenna and the trx panels will be welcomed.
The logic behind the transformative growth opportunities of the price rise is that, on the one hand, the 5g signal frequency band rises, resulting in high frequency and high-speed copper cover in the antennas and trx panels, and, on the other hand, the introduction of massivemimo due to the relatively larger network capacity required for the 5g base station antenna, the area of the arrays has increased significantly.
From the point of view of the coatings, the antenna panels are mainly used for high-frequency coatings (ptfe or hydrogen, currently the option is mainly hydrocarbons, later of the same), and the trx panels need to be combined with high-frequency and high-speed coatings.
The logic of other equipment coatings is high-speed replacement for normal. The base zone unit du+cu in 5g station equipment, the transmission device in the host network and the physical form of the core network equipment are similar. It consists mainly of plug boards, which include single boards (operational panels and master control transfer boards) and backboards (used to guide each of them).
The growth logic used for both of these types is mainly that of the 5g requirement for higher capacity and speed of transmission, so that the low-depletion high-speed coatings replace the normal plate and the value is raised.
Figure 29: bbu and transmission device diagram Figure 30: Structural relationships between single and backboard 5g - Main additions to the high-frequency high-speed copper sheet market space.
According to the data from the survey, we estimate the copper sheet market in 5g, which is expected to reach 39.3 billion yuan, of which 6.3 billion (16 per cent) will be the market for ordinary copper, 20.1 billion won (51 per cent) for high-speed copper sheet market and 13 billion yuan (percentage) for high-frequency copper sheet market.
33%) and the construction of medium- and high-frequency high-speed panels will provide a much wider space. 80%: Considering the percentage increase in the use of high-speed copper plates in 5g, it is assumed that 60% and 40% of the markets for high-speed and normal copper plates in du+cu and transmission equipment, respectively. Medium- and high-frequency high-speed high-speed panels are the key material and the 5g-driven demand climate rises, thus assuming that the value of high-frequency, high-speed and common-cover panels will be 25%, 20%, and 18%, respectively, the same.
2.2, idc is high-speed, opening up 37.1 billion market space over the next five years, and after the construction of the 5g infrastructure, a variety of 5g-based applications will flourish, with cloud computing being its billions of dollars, with a 23 per cent market growth rate and a projected market size of $273.3 billion by 2022.
Focusing on our market, the country's cloud-based total market reached $963 billion in 2018, a 39 per cent increase in the year-on-year ratio, will reach $29.3 billion in 2022 and 32 per cent in four years, showing that our cloud-based market has a higher growth potential than the rest of the world.
The data centre (idc) as an infrastructure to support cloud computing, as the cloud computing market expands, there will be an increase in the number of dodcs on one side, and a significant increase in the capacity in dodc, which, according to statistics, has 12.27 million shipments annually, an increase of 21 per cent over the same year, and an increase in the average price of $6883 per station.
The number and quality of the server will eventually manifest itself in high-speed coatings. From the point of view of pcb, the basic structure of the server and the communications equipment are similar and are dominated by plugs, with pcb using mainly ordinary and high-speed coatings, while on the one hand, as the number and quality of the server improves.
The demand for pcb and coatings has increased, while high-quality servers need more high-speed coatings with higher performance, which means that the penetration rate of high-speed coatings will increase considerably. According to our projections, the demand market for idc in the next five years will reach 37.1 billion, of which ordinary and high-speed copper sheets will be needed.
The data centres, as one of the key applications, will be a powerful driving force for growth in ordinary and high-speed coatings. The field ratio is 40% and 60%, so the value of the coatings is 19%.
2.3. Automobile electromechanical penetration increases the value of bicycles, millimetre wave radars contribute to high frequency growth, and in the context of the general trend towards interconnectivity, recreational safety, car computerization is increasing, and cars are now the largest electronic vehicle, with sufficient space for electronic penetration, pcb and copper as vehicles.
In particular, there are two main ways of electronicizing cars: 1) new energy vehicles are becoming more permeable. The core of the new energy vehicles are full-car controllers, electrical controls, and battery management systems, the three main units of which are electronics specific to new-energy vehicles as opposed to traditional ones.
The unit, which leads to a relatively higher degree of electronicization of new energy vehicles, the higher the electronic cost of pure electric vehicles compared to other types of vehicles, which can reach 65% of the cost of the whole vehicle, according to IQR, and the higher the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and the greater the electronic market for cars.
By the year 2022, the production of new energy vehicles is expected to reach 6 million, and the growth of new energy vehicles will be instrumental in driving the entire electronics market to a higher size;
The penetration rate of the former adas is still low, but countries are actively promoting the adas penetration process, and according to reports released by the China-China Institute of Industry, its market size is expected to reach $7.03 billion in 2021. One of the most important components of the adas is millimetre-wave radar, the core hardware of which is millimetre-wave radar.
Mic chips and antenna pcb boards, where the antenna pcb board needs to be used for high-frequency copper, can be said to be increasing demand for high-frequency copper sheets against a background of increasing adas penetration, which is estimated to be 400 million yuan, 400 million yuan, 800 million dollars and 800 million dollars in the high-frequency board market in 2018-2023.
The value of single-car coatings will increase, and the market space will open. Given that we believe that the cost ratio of car electrons in the whole car will continue to rise, the corresponding value of single-car pcbs and coatings will gradually increase, and according to a global-renowned pcb manufacturer tttm, it is expected that in 2020 the value of bicycle pcbs will go up to 75 dollars.
Gold, with a combined growth rate of 6% in 2017. From the point of view of the caps, car pcb is used mainly for ordinary coatings (including some of the more heat-resistant plates), where millimetre wave radars need to be used for high-frequency coatings. We predict that in 2019-2023, the market for car coatings will reach $9.4 billion.
$9.9 billion, $10.5 billion, $11.1 billion and $11.7 billion, based on the above-mentioned calculations of the high-frequency copper sheet market, $1 billion and $10.9 billion. As an intelligent terminal for the next sea volume market, the level of electronicization of cars will increase the demand for the coating board, whether it's ordinary or high-frequency copper for adas millimetre wave radars.
The new market demand of billions of dollars, combined with the above-mentioned view, is mainly for ordinary and high-speed copper sheets to benefit from cyclical restorations induced by emerging demand, while the special needs of high-frequency copper sheets such as 5g base stations and car radars are brought about by the special needs of high-frequency copper.
High-growth dividend, with high-frequency copper plates going to burst in 2020, the fastest growing plate. Figure 44: 5g+idc+C+Croat market space totals 3, benefits to people and: national production replacement accelerates, advantage patterns create potential
Companies have a layout in both traditional (general + high-speed) and high-frequency copper plates, both of which enjoy two major growth factors: land gain (substitution of national production) and man and company strength, but the specific logic is different, with each of the following segments being discussed separately.
3.1. The downstream pcb industry continues to shift in favour of traditional panels, and the downstream pcb industry is shifting. The macro-environment, the policy environment, and human costs are contributing to a large number of e-product chains moving eastward to Asia, where pcb is the foundation for electronics.
The material was transferred to the Asian region, where, according to Prismark, the share of continental output in the world reached 53% in 2018, becoming the world’s leading producer. Although some of the continent’s production capacity is in the form of foreign manufacturers, the top 20 pcb manufacturers include China.
The number of land manufacturers has risen from zero in 2014 to two, indicating that the pcb plant in mainland China is rising and the transfer of capacity to mainland producers is accelerating.
The trend in the traditional copper-plating industry has been determined. The pcb industry is gradually being replaced by national production, combined with increased trade friction, and the geographical advantage of upstream and downstream is becoming more pronounced, so the process of national production substitution in the copper-plating industry is accelerating, and, according to Prismark, the share of sales in global sales in mainland China is gradually increasing.
It rose to 72 per cent in 2018, and given the 76 per cent share of the traditional class product in the coatings, we can infer from the global share of the total sales in the coatings industry that the shift to the mainland has taken place.
Figure 47: China’s continental copper sheet sales as a proportion of global sales The company is well organized and can take the lead in benefiting from industrial transfers. Companies have been global champions for many years in the traditional plate layout, both upstream and downstream and in competitive patterns:
1) High concentration, with an advantage in the industrial chain. Industry concentration is about 57% of the world’s top five copper mills, about 37% of the top three manufacturers of epoxy resin used in traditional fr-4 and 75% of the top five producers of fibre-optics; and about 75% of the top five manufacturers of copper.
The total share was 52 per cent; the total market share of the top five downstream pcb manufacturers was 23 per cent. As a result, a higher concentration of upstream materials and a lower concentration of downstream pcb were observed, compared to “raw materials vs. coatings” and “captures vspcb”, and we observed that the upstream raw materials were more concentrated but not more.
The concentration in the copper sheet industry is not much different, but the downstream pcb manufacturer is going to have to split up a lot in relation to the copper board industry, so not only is the price transfer route in the copper board industry smooth, but not only can the upstream price pressure shift to the downstream manufacturer, but it can also increase its profitability at a time of high weather.
So the whole industry chain has a better pattern of copper-boarders: (2) taps have the ability to play upstream. The company is the lead manufacturer in the copper-plate industry, with a market share of 12% in 2018, which means that the company is the main purchaser of upstream materials, based on the industrial chain data.
The company has a dominant role in supply chain management, as it buys 5,000 tons of bronze per month, about 40 million metres of fabric, and is clearly superior in size. According to the company’s announcement, the company has established a partnership with the more powerful upstream supplier, the copper mausoleum, Taiwan, and the Chinese boulder, as can be seen.
There is a certain amount of bargaining power relative to upstream: 3) firms have a higher bargaining power than competitors. For domestic producers, firms are large, have good customer relations, have relatively higher bargaining power, and are derived from the annual average product prices of copper-boarders in various countries.
See, the average price of a company is significantly higher than that of a competitor and even higher than that of the world ' s first-ever leading manufacturer for a long period of time (after 2016, the price boom exceeded that of a company mainly because of the exchange rate).
4) The company has the highest number of patents on traditional copper sheeting materials worldwide. The traditional cyclical copper sheet, where the resin is mainly epoxy resin. According to statistics, companies have far more patents on epoxy-based materials than their peers, while the copper sheet, as a industry that relies mainly on base material formulations to build technical barriers, is in the fr-4 sector.
The technology is so strong that it can be said that the company is the king of the traditional copper ceilings; so, on balance, the recovery of the industry cycle brought about by the new 5g cycle and the structural changes in the idc\car will bring the weekly copper caps to the stage of demand, and the company will take the lead in upstream and downstream relationships, bargaining power and technology.
There's better competition for patents, so companies are expected to take the lead in moving up the industry as a whole. On this basis, companies are actively developing their capacity in the cyclical copper slabs, and we believe that companies are actively releasing their capacity up the cyclical product landscape, as well as in order to meet the high growth demand for high-speed copper slabs.
Adjustment of traditional fr-4 production lines to high-speed capacity, with high growth expected after release. 3.2. Trade frictions and substitution capacity are evident, and the potential for scarcity decisions to break down. High-frequency coatings are growing fast, and are key to the future.
The high-frequency material requirements will be further released as the demand for 5 g, servers, car radars, etc., explodes. According to our previous calculations, 5 g in five years are relevant.
The demand provides a market space of $12.1 billion for high-frequency copper sheets, which will grow at a rate of 96 per cent in 2020, and high-frequency panels, which are 5-6 times the value of traditional plates, are better profitable, and the product can be configured to a certain extent to increase the average price and profitability of the company's products, so capturing this high-growth area will be a future competition.
Foreign manufacturers monopolize the high-frequency board market, and trade friction induces change.
This type of resin is a thermal plastic material, which is much different from the traditional thermally solid epoxy resins, which is more difficult to process, coupled with the fact that high-frequency sheeting meets specific needs and the market is smaller, so fewer manufacturers of high-frequency materials are deployed and are now largely monopolized by foreign manufacturers, the first three of which, according to statistics, are American manufacturers, with a total market share.
The rate is 86%, with Rogers, the world’s world’s leading American manufacturer, accounting for 55% of the market. But we think that this pattern will change significantly, and the logic is: 1) First, high-frequency copper plates are used mainly in communications.
HF signals are transmitted mainly by wireless communication, so the area of HF-copper downstream applications is mainly in the area of communications, and according to Rogers' annual report, we can also see that 28 per cent of the company's revenues come from advanced interconnections, mainly communications.
2) Sub-national manufacturers dominate the global communications chain. From the point of view of the communications chain, equipment suppliers are the key to determining the pattern of competition for materials upstream of the industrial chain, whether wireless access equipment or light communication equipment, our manufacturers have gained global leadership and are already in the early stages of the new 5g cycle.
Powerful position: on the one hand, 50 in hand orders, 45 in Nokia, 25 in China, 22 in Ericsson, while on the other hand, China was in the 5g market in the first half of 2019.
The rate is 31%, with q2 in the top three-star ranking, which fully reflects the voice of our communications equipment dealers in the global market, and the corresponding high dominance of the upstream industrial chain. 3) Trade and friction drive the equipment traders to develop their chains of national production, and the pattern of high-frequency copper plates is bound to change this year.
In international trade disputes, the United States demands that American manufacturers stop selling their products to China's telecommunications equipment dealer, which means that, on the one hand, U.S. manufacturers face political resistance in selling their products to China and, on the other hand, that China, in order to be able to maintain stability in the supply chain, will speed up the development of domestic producers and push the industrial chain to the United States.
Since the top three manufacturers of the high-frequency copper market are American (park acquired by the Japanese company but also originated in the United States and still belong to the United States), we believe that the high-frequency copper sheet market patterns are bound to change and that opportunities for domestic copper-plate manufacturers are high.
It's got the power to replace American manufacturers, it's already got the high-frequency copper-plate market deployed in both endogenous and expansive ways: 1) the company has matured to develop its own hydrocarbon products. The company has been developing hydrocarbon resin on its own since 2008.
In 2014, the S7136 series of products was launched, with a steady increase in the city ' s share in the construction of 4g-based stations, which have been tested and recognized in the market, and then followed by the launch of the Inb33 and aerowave series of hydrocarbon-based platforms, as can be seen from the company ' s autonomy.
Good results have been achieved in R & D: 2) Acquisition of solar-system manufacturers to improve ptfe products. The company has developed a series of products on ptfe products with Japanese manufacturers, and in June 2017 the company signed a contract with China to transfer them to the company.
The company is also actively preparing for the production of special materials at the end of 2018.
Subsidy ' s high-frequency copper plate project phase I has started to be tested, consisting of 120,000/month copper plates (80,000 ptfe plus 40,000 hydrocarbons) and 120,000/month pp (hydrogens). In phase II, 40,000/month copper plate (ptfe) extension space is still available, awaiting an outbreak of 5 g to release production capacity.
Companies already have the power to replace foreign manufacturers. We believe that companies have a certain competitive advantage in terms of high-frequency materials, although they currently have a low market share, in terms of both autonomous R & D capabilities and extension technology expansion, and that companies have a certain level of competitive advantage vis-à-vis leading producers:
1) Technology matures and products can be used as marker Rogers. In terms of technology accumulation and product performance, companies have been autonomous in the high-frequency, high-speed board market for more than 10 years, the technology has accumulated considerably, the hydrocarbon products have been used more widely in 4g, and the product performance has been obtained.
With market recognition, the build-up has evolved into a technological build-up in ptfe, and the company's product performance has become more competitive than Rogers's net interest rate, which is higher than Rogers's.
Special base-line products have a higher Māori ratio, but the most typical example is the weak resilience of American manufacturers, such as Rogers, in the context of increasing competition in the high-frequency board market, due to weak cost-side controls by United States firms, which have no advantage in this net interest rate and are largely below the profit-making technology.
It was the second largest high-frequency (HF) copper plate manufacturer in the world, Park, who continued to decline in the profitability of high-frequency (HF) copper board operations, and then transferred it to a Japanese manufacturer in 2018, which showed that companies were able to compete in global competition (3) at a lower price than Rogers.
There is a natural advantage over United States manufacturers (a total of 12 Rogers plants, 6 of them in the United States), as this has a certain advantage for domestic manufacturers in product pricing, and according to industry chain research, the company costs are 20 per cent lower than Rogers and the price advantages are clear:
4) The delivery cycle is shorter than Rogers. In terms of customer relations, as mentioned earlier, domestic communications operators dominate globally, and the main R & D centres are also in the country, so domestic suppliers are better able to collaborate with customers in early R & D based on geographical advantages, and are more aware of domestic business services.
More powerful in terms of delivery, and according to industrial chain research, Rogers has about 4-6 weeks, while the company only needs 3-7 days, which is reflected in the higher quality of the company’s services. Combined with the four advantages mentioned above, we believe that the company has already sunk deeper in high-frequency copper plate products.
At home, scarcity determines the growth potential of companies, and in the final analysis, the collapse of high-frequency copper plates is driven by the demand of national production for substitution, although the company’s products are already in place.
To a certain extent, Rogers, a foreign leader, but if domestic competitors have the same strength, the comparative advantage of companies in terms of cost competition, customer service, etc., will be weakened and the profitability of the business will be negatively affected when the competition pattern becomes worse. However, the profile of the country’s major copper-plate manufacturers will be reduced.
See, we think that the company is currently the only one in the country that can meet the needs of its customers in terms of both technology and capacity, specifically: 1) The company's hydrocarbon products are the most mature in the country. On the technical side, because of the high frequency of copper, it takes a long time.
Accumulation of technology, difficulty and relatively small market space, so that most of the country ' s manufacturers (including Hong Kong ' s) do not have a technological accumulation in terms of high-frequency coatings (currently those actively promoting this piece of technology include, among other things, Chinese and Chinese new materials, Chinese technology, and Wang Ling in Taizhou) and are large in the country.
The main technology layout of some of the manufacturers is ptfe, but at present, according to the technology options of the equipment providers, the 5g base station uses a larger share of the hydrocarbon coatings, a larger space, a company ' s hydrocarbon coating layout, which was used earlier and in 4g, and was approved by its customers, and is therefore publicly available in terms of technology.
According to the announcement, the company’s high-frequency copper-plating project had a combined annual production capacity of 1.5 million, of which 1 million (a phase) had been tested in 2018.
It is now partially operational, with half a million in construction in progress in phase II; Chinese fresh material is now in production with high frequency. Copperboard production capacity is about 400,000 m2 per year (phase I project) and phase II is still under construction; CECP currently has nearly 300,000 m2/year capacity (264,000 units, at 1 = 1.1 m2)
This shows that companies have an absolute advantage in producing. So, combining the two factors, we think that companies can meet customers’ needs in terms of technology and capacity.
The fact that there are scarce manufacturers, which means that firms are less competitive and relatively downstream in the coming years, clients have a higher bargaining power, and it can be said that the company's scarcity in the area of high-frequency copper has been shaped in this 3.3 and other business locations, and is expected to be a support point for future growth.
In addition to its traditional and high-frequency copper-plating operations, the company is also active in the bt-covered copper-plate market, downstream pcb and the booming fccl and the fccl. pcb: 5g, idc is on the verge of growth.
The company’s pcb business is operated independently, mainly in the feeder electronics of its subsidiary, and the primary production equipment is a high-value pcb with high technical barriers, such as large backboards, high multilayers. As noted earlier, the pcb and coating industries are facing high demand, as can be seen from figures 32 and 37, and the whole of it.
The pcb of 5g will be 18.7 billion yuan in space for market demand in 2020, which will be 27 billion yuan per year: idc will need 193.2 billion yuan in space over the next five years, and the market size in 2020 will be 36.4 billion yuan, and it will be seen that the company’s main downstream demand will soon rise to higher opportunities.
The company is the first company in the field of communication/server, and is competitive in this area, specifically: 1) has good relations with its customers in the communications category. The main clients of the company’s pcb board are Hwa, Naking, Samsung, Nokia, Wave and Xinhua, and they are recognized by their clients on the basis of their strong technological power.
In 2015-2018, the company received a number of vendor awards from its core clients, and in this year ' s competitive bidding process, the company received a good share and showed a bright eye, as the company ' s pcb board business has a good relationship with its immediate visitors and is able to grow up as demand grows.
The Māori rate is higher than the competitor. The Pcb 1st Platoon of Global and Domestic Communications, in addition to the company, includes deep south circuits and power shares, compared to the competitor, and we find that the company is still far away in terms of volume, but has a clear advantage in profitability, the Māori rate in 2016 and before.
Higher than the power share but lower than the deep south, mainly due to product success rates, the relocation of the Wanjiang plant, and the start-up of the East Town factory, which returned to stability after 2016, with a Māori rate exceeding the two rivals, and a high Māori rate of 32.7 per cent in 2019, competitive and regulatory capacity
Figure 72: Comparison of income-generating electronics with deep south circuits and shares of power
The company is now producing 11.6 million square feet per year, and is building three phases of the East Side City project, planning to add 3.6 million square feet per 10,000 additional pcb capacity, expected to be operational by the end of 2019.
Other high-end materials are steadily configured to provide a space for future growth, and the company is also laying out layouts in two high-end markets, namely: 1) flexible copper overboards, i.e. fccl, mainly for flexible circuit boards (fpc), which rely on flexible circuit boards.
Its light, bendable advantage was favoured by the market, with flexible circuits valued at $12.7 billion in 2018 and compound growth at 7.5 per cent in 2000-2018, well above industry by 2.5 per cent, although growth slowed in recent years due to weak mobile phone demand, the flexible board was the pcb industry.
The second-largest segment of the market (18 to 19 per cent) and downstream applications will gradually extend from mobile phones to many areas, such as wearable and new energy vehicles, with space-rich and future growth recovery still worthwhile.
By the end of 2017, the company had a capacity of 1.82 million square metres per year, with a capacity utilization rate of 37.86 per cent. The low utilization rate was due to the introduction of a new coating in 2018.
With a project capacity of 4.5 million square metres per year to be achieved by 2019, the current volume of corporate production is well under way, and we believe that the company's fccl product will provide a larger output as the capacity utilization rises.
Figure 75: Combined growth rate of various pcb in 2000 - 2018 2) bt coatings, mainly in high-end chip envelopes. bt coatings use bt resins that are better integrated, high end material and higher value than other plates.
The market is dominated by Japanese manufacturers, with a combined global market share of 90% for the three plants: Tripva, Yokochi, and Japan Mine, while our market layout for the bt covers is smaller. The company has now developed bt coatings for models such as si43u, si546, si455w.
Covering the captioning process of cob, boc, pbga, csp, as well as the chimp-led, chip-smt, semiconductor envelopes, aluminium wire binding cards, etc., fills the technological gap in the country, and we believe that as the demand for national substitution of high-end materials is accelerated, companies will be able to break the monopoly pattern of Japanese manufacturers.
The company's layout on the pcb, fccl, and bt boards is steadily proceeding, and we believe that these three types of products are also expected to grow rapidly, in the larger context of the accelerated replacement of national production.
Looking forward to becoming a support point for the company’s future performance. The historical output of ordinary and high-speed coatings is mainly reflected in conventional fr-4 (with high-speed coatings), non-halogenated fr-4 and high tgfr-4 and paper/combined-based sheeting, so that the average and high-speed overlays in 2017-2018
The market space is calculated on the basis of the total output of the types of fr-4 and the paper/combined sheet disclosed by Prismark.The underlying assumptions for the company's business are as follows:
Basic assumption 2: The ratio of production to output of ordinary and high-speed copper sheets, based on historical data on corporate and viscosity sheets, taking into account the excellent pattern of company taps, the imminent expansion of production, is therefore assumed to rise to 17 per cent in the average and high-speed market share of the company, and to remain unchanged for three years.
Since HF plates do not separately disclose industry data, the previously calculated 5g, idc and future use of HF plates in cars do not represent the whole market, and the company does not have historical data for reference purposes, it is not feasible to calculate them from the perspective of “market space* city occupancy, so we measure the output of HF plates.
Basic assumption 1: Industrial chain research shows high-frequency copper sheet prices at around 500-700 prices, considering that companies open their markets at low prices, conservatively assume a company price of $500 per square metre, and take into account downstream customer determination to use domestically produced raw materials and the scarcity of this type of business in the country, so assume a construction peak of 5g.
Basic assumption 2: Based on publicly available information from the company, high-frequency coatings are produced mainly in the Special Materials Division of Nanton, in accordance with the company ' s capacity plan, the plant area is mainly planning two phases, and the first phase is 1 million.
2 m2/year, test production started in 2018 and 500,000 m2/year planned in phase II, currently under construction, so we assume that HFC capacity in the next three years will be mainly based on the South China Express and Phase II projects, basic assumption 4/5: corporate style in the production layout, company-wide capacity utilization and past performance and capacity utilization of the company as a whole
On the basis of the above assumptions, we expect the company to collect $380 million in 2019-2021, based on an average sales rate of more than 100 per cent and a strong advantage for HF products at downstream clients, which is why we assume 100 per cent of the company ' s capacity utilization and sales rates over the next three years.
600 million yuan and 750 million yuan, almost doubled in 2021 relative to the 2019 harvest, as can be seen from high-frequency board operations. Other company operations include, inter alia, the pcb board business, which is located in the electronics of the subsidiary. We are conservative, given the growth of the company's past pcb board business and the synergies between the company's scrapboard business and the pcb business.
Further calculation of the net return of the company to its parent, based on the following assumptions:
Basic assumption 2: Central and British publicly available information from the reference to the HFron coin board in the main camp shows that the HF coating can have interest rates of over 40 per cent, taking into account the increased competition but the strong demand for national production alternatives and the fact that companies are scarcely present in the country. Basic assumption 4: We believe that the company's expansion and business expansion over the last two years has been significant.
Compared to the current valuation levels of comparable companies, given that companies can enjoy a certain premium when competitive patterns are good and high-frequency copper-plating operations are scarce, we believe that the current valuation levels of the Division are within a reasonable range, taking into account the accelerated construction of 5g next year and the high growth in performance, so I
According to the foregoing, the future growth of the copper-plate industry is driven mainly by the three main plates of 5 g, idc, and automobiles, and if the outlook for these three areas is not as good as expected, it will result in insufficient space for growth in the entire copper-plate industry, and the company’s performance as a copper-repellor will be affected.
The issues are considered on both sides of the board and the high frequency copper plate: 1) In the event of a lower-than-expected downstream view, the market for ordinary and high-speed copper caps will decline, and by measuring the sensitivity of the net profits of the company to the market ' s growth rate, we can see that the market is growing at a slower rate than expected.
The net profits of the company will be adversely affected accordingly; 2) The output of the company’s high-frequency copper sheet may be reduced in the event of a lower-than-expected view, thus affecting the profits of its high-frequency copper plate operations. We measure the profits of the company’s high-frequency copper sheet.
Given the sensitivity of the UCP, we find that the decline in HF product capacity utilization will result in a decline in gross profits, with a significant impact. By comparing the relative competitiveness of firms and domestic and foreign firms, we believe that it is common and high.
In the high-frequency copper sector, companies have a stronger competitive advantage, but they cannot rule out that the competitive advantage of firms will be weakened when competition increases. The same two types of business look at this question: 1) If a company's competitiveness declines, the main effect is on ordinary and high-speed copper-plating operations.
It's the city rate, so we measure the sensitivity of the net profits of the company to the average and high-speed copper market, and we find that the net profits are very sensitive to the market rate, that the fleximetric coefficients exceed three, and that changes in the pattern of competition will significantly affect the company's operations:
2) If competition increases, the company ' s bargaining power downstream will be reduced, so the Māori rate will be more affected, so that the Māori rate will be the first to be affected by increased competition in the HFB market. We have come to understand the sensitivity of HFL gross profits to HFB rates, finding that they are flexible.
The coefficient is more than 2.5, which means that the impact of increased competition on business is greater. Taken together, we can see that growth is more important for companies such as global champions, whether they can maintain their competitive edge in the market while at the same time having a strong presence in the market for new products.
Competitiveness, which is the reason why, in this paper, the competitiveness of firms in both types of markets has been clarified. We still believe that firms have stronger advantages in both types of markets, especially with regard to the scarcity of high-frequency markets, and that the risk of declining shares as a result of a decline in competitiveness is less significant, but that, in the event of a negative situation, they will be productive.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment