Huo Xudong, China Air, the civil aviation climate continues to rise, and the company's performance has lost a lot throughout the year.
The company is the only flag airline in the country that has built an air network with the nodal point of the north, and has taken up the largest share of the time of the Beijing and Chengdu airports. In 2023, there was a sharp recovery in the company’s operating data, with the country’s shipping lines showing performance well over the same period in 2019, and the company’s performance was significantly reduced by 2024.
The year will see a further recovery in the international route, with the company’s daily aircraft utilization continuously increasing, and its profitability elasticity or release. We see a gradual recovery in corporate profitability, with stock prices expected to move out of the bottom zone and maintain the “buy-in” advice.
The number of passengers (rpk, demand) returning to 89.8 per cent and 80.8 per cent (including mountain shipping) of the same period in 2019, respectively, with domestic routes taking the lead, as well as 16.7 per cent, 4.9 per cent, respectively, of the same period in 2019 for Ask and Rpk, respectively, where the recovery of international routes is lagging behind, respectively, as well as in 2019 for Ask and Rpk.
The Chinese-American right-to-air negotiations have led to a further recovery in international shipping. The institutional investor share of the circulation a, according to flight controllers, returned to only 38.66 per cent of international flights in 2023 in the same period in 2019.
This is mainly due to disruptions in the right-to-way negotiations, long visa cycles, and the recent announcement by the United States Department of Transportation that the number of flights to and from the US and China will increase from 35 to 50 per week, and that we anticipate a continuing breakthrough in future international right-to-air negotiations. In addition, countries like Thailand, Singapore, etc.
The policy of no-signing to China will also boost the recovery of international demand for travel, with the Civil Aviation Authority predicting 630 million passengers on domestic routes in 2024, an increase of 7.7 per cent compared to 2019, and the return of international flights to about 80 per cent before the outbreak at the end of the month.
On the other hand, the company’s wide-body machine (15.4%) will gradually return from the domestic route to the international route, which will facilitate a sustained increase in the daily utilization of aircraft, and the company’s ability to make a profit is expected to increase. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: the bottom zone of civil aviation has passed, and the population is gradually recovering to the epidemic as it moves.
Given the pace of recovery, we have made a slight adjustment to the report, which was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not created by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information was not independently verified.