Tail cement (600585); Tungsten booster, Tail cement, 16,999.9 million yuan in 2021, a decrease of 4.73 per cent in the same year; belonging
Conch cement is mainly engaged in cement, clinker and bone materials, and the net profit of the parent company of $33.267 billion is 5.38 per cent less than the profit of $6.28 per share, while the production and sale of the material has a domestic capacity for cement clinker production.
The second is the price reduction in China and the world's cement industry, the rise in coal prices and the decline in other business revenues, which led to a double drop in operating income and net profits. In 2021, the company combined price of cement and clinker was $360.56/t, an increase of $35.48/t over the same period.
10.92 per cent; while sales amounted to only 304 million tons, a decrease of 6.46 per cent in the same year, resulting in lower sales of cement, a significant increase in cement prices driven by inadequate supply of cement and an increase in the price of power-fuel coal. The shortage of coal supplies led to a sharp increase in electricity and coal prices.
Under the circumstances, the company ' s other business income (trade income associated with construction materials) fell by 30.26%, resulting in a decline in the company ' s business income on a year-on-year basis. The rise in coal fuel prices resulted in a similar decline of 3.83 percentage points in cement Maori in 2021, and ton fuel and power costs of $113, an increase of $26; and sales.
The decline also led to a flat depreciation, labour, and other cost increases for the company, which led to a decline in the net profit attributable to the parent company. The cost advantage in scale expansion is expected to increase further.
Cost advantages. Ton costs rose considerably in 2021 in the face of high coal prices and falling sales, and cement companies, such as Jibunyama, remained at the lowest levels in the market, thanks mainly to the company’s size advantages, management advantages and location advantages of the production line.
In 2021, the company continued to increase its production through self-construction (Hunanan circulation b/h (million shares) 4500 t/d production line) and mergers and acquisitions (Changdong Hungfeng, Guizhou's New Twin Dragons, Yunnan Tanyan, etc.) in the context of capacity control and high landscapes in the cement industry.
Cement clinker production was 7.2 million tons, an increase of 3 per cent over the previous year, double the size planned for the beginning of the year. In 2021, clinker production was 4.6 million tons, which is expected to increase by more than 9.2 million tons, based on the decline in industry climate, the abundance of money, the company’s history and the relationship between real volume, and the current rate of growth is more than 2021.
The company’s four-phase 10,000t/d production lines in Chizhou and Uzbekistan’s 3200t/d production lines are being built as planned, and the company’s size will be expanded more rapidly. To the low-cost advantage of the company, the cost of expansionary support will be further reduced, and the company’s moat will be consolidated.
(a) Maintenance of the company's “highly recommended” investment rating.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, conch cement (600585).
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is Zhao's own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Tail cement (600585). The cost advantage of scale aids continues to rise and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.