Snail cement, with its long-term value, in 2022, the mother's net profit was $10.88 billion, an increase of 4.5 per cent, and the four-quarter cash flow was $12.45 billion, an increase.
10.3% of the company’s revenues and profits have fallen slightly, and q4 net cash flows have performed well. Cement sales have been reduced: 304 million tons of cement clinker from the company in 2021, a 6.5% decline from the same year. We measure the average annual price of cement from the company’s products at $367.3 to the same price.
Cost-side transfer is good, with a modest increase in ton: we measure the company's own cement and clinker at a cost of $205.7 per ton, an increase of $35 per ton; and ton at $161.6, a slight increase in the price of coal. According to the annual report, the company was faced with a rise in coal prices in 2021 in a energy-consuming and controlled environment.
For the better, the company’s single ton of coal costs increased by about $30 per ton, less than the volatility of the price of coal. Cash flows were strong enough, the dividends were high, and the company’s long-term value was still to be expected: the company had a year-round net cash flow of $33.9 billion, a slight decline in the same year.
The company is still maintaining a robust cash flow, high dividends and dividends, and still a value and a leading share. The company is gradually accelerating its foreign investment, expanding its industrial chain, and actively laying new energy materials.
Sea conch cement: The most stressful period has passed, the weather is looking good, the infrastructure and real estate are not working as expected, the outbreak and the heat of the rain have increased the cost-side pressure.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business I and q4 profit and cash flows are on the same increase, and the Māori round ratio is on the rise.
Incidents: The company published its 2021 report, which resulted in a total annual revenue of $167.95 billion, a decrease of 4.7 per cent; a net return to the mother of $33.27 billion, a decrease of 5.4 per cent; an annual net cash flow of $33.9 billion, a decrease of 2.65 per cent. In the fourth quarter, the company increased 10.3 per cent, and the net cash flow of q4 was better.
The profit rate rose in the fourth quarter and the cost rate was divided: q4 companies increased their profit rate by 35.2 per cent, with a combined Māori rate of 5.4 per cent on the same rise, with 8.2 per cent on the same scale; net interest rate of 24.2 per cent, with 3.6 per cent on the same quarter, with 5.8 per cent on the same scale. q4 companies increased their profits by 0.9 per cent on sales, management, R&D, and finance, respectively, with a substantially stable cost rate.
Second, the annual price increase for home-grown sales has decreased, the cost has risen and the ton of Maori has been largely stable: in 2021, companies sold self-produced cement and clinker totalled 304 million tons, a decline of 6.46 per cent from the previous year, with sales falling for the first time since the company went on the market.
In the second half of the year, when energy consumption and controls severely restricted cement production, corporate sales fell below industry averages. Ton average: we measured the company’s average price of home-grown cement and clinker sales in 2021 at $367.3 per ton, an increase of 11.7 per cent, an increase of $38.4 per ton, the highest ever.
Tonnary cost: We measure the cost of selling home-grown cement and clinker per ton at RMB 205.7 per ton, an increase of RMB 35.0 per ton over the same period. By sub-total, the cost increase is mainly due to an increase in coal prices, and we measure raw materials/energy and power/manual costs/manual costs/manufacture costs/other costs of 45/12/2/8.72/12/18 per ton per ton, respectively, mainly a rise of RMB 35.3 per ton per ton of coal.
Tons of Māori: We measure the company ' s ton of Māori $161.6 per ton, a small increase of 3.4 ton per ton over the same period. Achieving the ton Māori ton rise in 2021, under many pressures, shows the company ' s resilience.
Figure 6.2021 The average price of company-owned cement and clinker increased significantly ($/t) Figure 7. Cost of company-owned cement and clinker tons increased significantly ($/t) Figure 8. Multi-year stability of company-owned cement and clinker tons over the years ($/t)
Other business: The decline in the cement and clinker trade operations was the main cause of the decline in revenue. In all other operations other than the sale of home-made cement and clinker, the larger decline in the scale of the cement trade was the main reason for the decline in the company’s annual harvest.
18.2 million yuan, 223, 19.730 million yuan, Māori $120, 0.42, 693 million, with a high rate of bone and stone Maori.III. The value of the taps is not diminished, and the company has a strong supply and demand profile in 2022.
During the same period last year, however, the industry also faced difficulties such as shrinking demand and accelerating the cost of coal. On the one hand, it should be noted that the industry has increased synergies, with the number of production days at the wrong peak increasing compared to previous years, with more energy-consuming and energy-intensive small-line phase-out, with better supply and real-estate investment during the year, and with better capital or energy to boost the demand for cement in the second quarter.
At the industry level: listed companies share shares with each other, and industrial synergies are expected to increase. Companies now hold shares in major companies such as Western Cement, the Atta Group, Upper Peak Cement, and New China Cement in the same industry, and are actively involved in the targeted growth of Tianshan shares, as well as in other companies in the same industry, and are expected to shift from competition to competition in a comprehensive manner, with increased industrial synergies.
At the same time, companies are currently actively deploying the photovoltaic sector, which is expected to rely on photovoltaic power to reduce the outsourcing of electricity, reduce the volatility of electricity costs, and improve cost-control capabilities.
Cash flows were robust and high, and the company ' s long-term value was still to be expected: the company ' s net cash flows were 33.9 billion yuan a year, a slight decline in the same year. In 2021, the company received a dividends of 2.61 billion yuan per share of cash, representing a net return of 37.9 per cent in 2021 and a dividends rate of 5.91 per cent. The company continued to maintain a solid cash flow, with high dividends and dividends, and remained a value-equity model.
2. Epidemics and rain and hot weather disturbances: most of the country ' s recent outbreaks have affected the transport of goods and construction of sites, disruptions to normal shipments in the cement industry, and, if the disturbance continues, will affect company performance to some extent.
The cost-side pressure increases: coal prices are the most important variable in the cost of cement, and if coal prices continue to rise, companies will profit.