Yearly rate of increase in the annual rate of increase in the annual rate of increase in the annual rate of increase in the annual rate of increase in the cost rate of net short-term gain 1. Year-long rate of increase in the rate of increase in the annual rate of increase in the rate of increase in the rate of self-care (otc+ health) to $4,689 million, compared to +7.06 per cent for the cold category,
Since the Zhejiang people’s interest, the Kunming fire combined, the increase in the Māori rate of prescription drugs has been accompanied by an increase of 6.02 percentage points, mainly from the public interest, the fire, and the high Māori rate of products that have led to an overall Māori rate. The particle growth has returned to a higher rate of more than 20% in the fourth quarter.
A 0.06 percentage point decrease, a 0.04 percentage point financial cost decrease, and a 2.52 percentage point increase in the combined cost rate. The overall increase in cost is due mainly to a 16-year increase in the cost of sales, due to the relatively high cost of company combined sales, the Holy Fire, and an increase in inputs into the construction of the terminal (including the cost inputs associated with the otc and the expansion of the Chinese prescription particle channel).
II. Intra-generous growth, enhancement of brands, optimization of structures 1) Self-diagnosis: otc first brand in the country, enhanced leadership in the extended product category, strong health in the front-end extension of the industrial chain layout, first brand in the country ' s otc business, with flu, paediatric flu varieties consistently in leadership positions, and long-term ranking of stomach and skin medicine
In the past, core products such as cold spirits, three or nine stomachs, skin inflammation, strong exposures, etc. have a higher market share in colds, gastrointestines, skin, pediatrics, cough control, and osteoporosis. The company has a rich product class, a clear branding advantage, and has been strengthening its leadership in the field of otc by extending and buying suitable otc varieties to rapidly enrich the product line.
In addition, companies have expanded their product lines, such as skin medicine, osteoporosis, cold medicine, etc., through the acquisition of the top 10 people in the country to grow and process Chinese medicinal products.
In a joint venture (with 70 per cent of the company's shares) in the field of gynaecology, paediatrics and non-prescription products, Señorfi is the world's leading pharmaceutical company and the top-ranked otc company, which can introduce Sénofie's brand (e.g. “Friendly Recovery”), which has just shifted from prescription.
In addition, in keeping with the trend of rising consumption, companies have expanded their operations in the area of preventive health care to include a number of large health products, such as sugar and ginger tea, mints, and honey chips, and have initially built a system of big health products that provides a good foundation for the company’s big health business development. The company’s Great Health Department is currently in the process of testing.
2) Prescription drugs: Chinese formulations continue to grow at a high rate, and the purchase and purchase of optimized product structures. Corporation prescriptions include Chinese injections (primarily educative, wheat, saffron), Chinese formulation particles (999 formulations) and anti-infection (primarily neo-Terlin, Achillin-consumption capsules, and redicillin-in capsules), of which Chinese injections have been restricted by policy in recent years.
This has resulted in a more marked decline (the decline is due to restrictions on use and the abandonment of tenders for price reasons in some provinces during the bidding process). In 09, the company entered the Chinese pharmaceutical formulations sector through the M&A industry, which has been ranked among the top three,999 formulations, which, although already over 1 billion, have achieved a high growth rate of about 40 per cent in 15 years, and is expected to remain at a high growth rate of around 20 per cent in 16 years.
For one of the taps of the Chinese formulation, there is a clear pre-emptive advantage in the development of products (more than 600 monoflame varieties) and channels (over 20 provinces of the country). In the context of the liberalization of the Chinese pharmaceutical formulation policy (the pilot production industry and the pilot marketing hospital), companies have been active in expanding empty hospitals and in expanding their capacity (the construction of the North II base was scheduled to be completed by the end of 16th year, reaching the post-partum capacity.
The anti-infection class, which has acquired Zhejiang benefits, has increased its oral form of achillin solution capsules, redicillin solution capsules (all into the base drug, health insurance catalogues), has been less restricted in oral administration of antibiotics, and is guaranteed as the basis for sales.
In the case of limited use of Chinese injections, companies have responded positively (from the Chinese to the oral) by switching or acquiring varieties, with the effect that the rapid growth of the salin tablets in 2015 led to a growth of more than 20% in the salbutamine series and was supplemented by the oncology line.
In 2016, the company acquired fire in Kunming, incorporating blood-stamped soft capsules into the capsules, with the aim of optimizing the structure of the prescription drug business by gradually reducing the large variety of Chinese injections. It is expected that the company will continue to refine the product structure in the prescription drug portfolio through an extended (cerebrovascular, digestive, gynaecology, oncology, etc.) over time.
Not 17 x, 15 x, 13 x. The company, as the country’s top brand of 0tc, has a higher market share in flu, gastrointestinal, skin, paediatric, cough and osteoporosis, and continues to enrich the product lines through extension and acquisition, or to introduce brand co-producing into the domestic market in the form of cooperation; prescription drug plate formulations
With the liberalization of the particle industry, companies have a clear pre-eminent advantage in R & D and channels, and have been active in opening up empty markets and expanding production capacity to respond to future changes, buying Zhejiang benefits, the Kunming Holy Fire Turnover, optimizing the structure of prescription drug products, and promoting firm growth over the long term. Firm growth over the long term is more certain, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Zhang Jinyan Team Leader, 3 years of portfolio research experience and 3 years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Seventh team member, Nuclear Heart, New Wealth, 2015 and third core team member, Crystal ball, 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Economics, Beijing University
B.A. and K.I.A. have served in China’s Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., the Democratic Securities Company Ltd., and Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals, the first core team member in 2016, first in the public collection list and second in the non-public collection list. M.A. in Finance, Southwest University of Finance, research in medicine and medicine, focusing on the disaggregated areas of Chinese medicine, blood products, etc., focusing on investment opportunities arising from the transformation of health across borders.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.