Jodh Ji.
In 2016, companies achieved sales revenue of $8,982 million, an increase of 13.69 per cent over the same period; in 2016, companies achieved sales revenue of $2,818 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 17.95 per cent over the same period; and in the parent company, net profits of $329 million, an increase of -21.91 per cent over the same period.
ii. Our view is that sales growth is in line with expectations, that sales costs are rising faster than performance, and that prescription drugs in China are growing faster.
At the end of the otc end, the company's performance was in line, with sales revenue reaching $4,689 million.
2. Market extension costs increased by $519 million, resulting in a significant increase in sales costs on a year-on-year basis. At the cost end, the company’s sales costs grew faster, reaching $3.28 billion in 2016, and, in the same case, the company’s overhead costs were better controlled, with $874 million a year-on-year, the same amount.
3 Māori rates are stable, net interest rates are held up by sales costs, and there is a decline in net interest rates, which are affected by higher rates of net profit due to higher rates of prescriptions, which directly drive companies, as a result of faster and higher ratios of prescription drugs in the company.
“Increased efficiency, transformation of innovation” and the prospect of profit release The company set “Increased efficiency, transformation of innovation” as an important direction of its development in 2017, so that it will be able to make a difference to the economy.
We anticipate that companies will focus more on the benefits of internal integration, with the prospect of gradually releasing profits. 1) In the self-diagnosis business, take advantage of brand advantages, farm thec business, speed up the exploration of the otc business model, and expand further the channels, brand advantages;
2) In Chinese medicine prescriptions, the focus is on the areas of slow-disease properties such as cardiovascular vessels, tumours, osteoporology, digestion, etc., accelerating product restructuring and continuing to enrich product lines. As one of the best-quality companies in the otc brand, companies have benefited significantly from industrial integration.
With regard to prescription drugs in China, the company further enriches the public sector by buying and buying sarcophagus products, and creates a combined dynamic of growth in the company’s performance with products such as particles in Chinese medicine formulations.
The market promotion and marketing at the end of the otc market was lower than expected; the distribution of prescription drugs in China was lower than expected.