Three-hundred-nine hundred-nine-nineteen-nine, pharmaceutical biology, slightly underperformed, and product restructuring was the focus of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Annual reports issued by the company, generating operating income of $8,982 million (+13.69 per cent) in 2016, net return on mother's return on sale of Guangdong Cerebral Hospital, resulting in a higher base of $128 million in investment earnings, elimination of the net profit from mother's return and steady growth in self-diagnosis, and faster growth in the cold, paediatrics, etc.) represented by otc.
Medical treatment operations achieved operating income of $4.689 billion (+7.06 per cent), of which flu and pediatrics increased faster: 2) company cold products consisted mainly of well-known brands, such as 999 flu and antiviral oral fluids, estimated to be about 2 billion cold products in 2016 with an increase of more than 15 per cent; 3) paediatric products represented a variety of products.
For the third year in a row, the company was ranked first in China as a producer of non-prescriptive drugs, and its 999 brands were in the forefront of China ' s drug labels, with a variety of product channels.
The Chinese prescription drug has grown steadily. 1) The Chinese prescription drug has generated an operating income of 3,795 million yuan, a 25 per cent increase over the previous year.
The combined effect of Zhejiang benefits and Kunming fire is approximately 15%; 2) in the area of prescription drugs, the company’s products cover cardiovascular, tumour, digestive, ortho-blind, paediatric, etc., and the core varieties are well marketed, such as radials, barley injection fluids, etc.; 3) in the company’s restructuring of its products, continuing smooth transformation, and oral treatments such as Xanax.
The dose-type ratio has continued to grow, and the subsequent injection-type share of prescription drugs in Chinese is expected to fall to less than 50 per cent; 4) The Department is also a pioneer in the Chinese formulations, producing 640 varnish formulations for one of the first national pilot production enterprises: 5) the Kunming Holy Fire was acquired, including the blood-stamped soft capsules of the King of Rhodes.
High-quality oral-agent-type products in the cardiovascular sector complement existing company varieties, such as notes, and further enrich product lines and meet the need for strategic transformation of the company’s prescriptions. The Division maintains a “buy-in” rating in the area of brand medicine.
1. Su-yun Sanh (000999), holding Sénofey, consolidating 2. Hua-yun Sanh (000999), purchasing the sacred powder industry, and the layout of rich product lines (2016-07-27)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.