Investment rating: buying (maintaining) excellence in managerial competencies is the cornerstone of the cycle of the recruitment of stun water.
From the very beginning, every time the banking industry fell into the vortex, it was thinking: the introduction of a “one-net” that crossed geographical boundaries, the active downswing, the retail transition, the second transition, the creation of a financial technology bank, the designation of mau as the operating North Star, and the presentation of a large ecosystem for wealth management.
Change is inexorably close to the best at the time of retroactivity, but at the time it was all too high and hot. This is the next time, the “Quick Man Step” reinforced the moat and crowned the “Red King of Retails.” The most important building block is excellence in management and open integration organizational culture.
In the age of wealth management, the wind breaks. The mau is considered to be the North Star, the high frequency of events combined with the realization of financial products, the prices of companies compared to the depth of 300.
The banks use mau as a “arctic star” for their operations, and the two apps form a flow-plus-realization model. The banks connect the banks, which include most of the functions of the business points, and carry the two product matrices of finance (credit cards and loans) and finance. The basic functions are satisfactory.
Client demand, financing, and money management provide value-added services. Hand-in-hand, connects people to life scenes, involves daily contributions, entertainment, digital, automobiles, food, etc., and the benefits are spread out, with many commodities embedded in instalments.
When clients become dependent, they become more sticky, and the increase in the frequency of purchases leads to a steady increase in the number of zero-efficiency and high-net clients, and a greater preference for one-stop-and-facile solutions in services.
See, the customer structure of the private bankers, the golden sunflower customers, and the corresponding assets are growing faster than retail customers. High-value customers have specific personal, family, and business needs, and favour one-stop solutions. This is private banking and wealth management.
It creates huge markets. It builds a value chain of wealth management-asset management-investment banks that expands the financial ecology, which is similar to the two major booms, with high net customers at the individual, household and enterprise levels.
The caller banks have explicitly proposed the creation of a “fiscal management-asset management-investment bank” value chain, the expansion of the financial environment, the expansion and enrichment of the wealth management landscape, and the creation of synergies between the internal business lines.
It's a complete financial ecology that covers both ordinary and high-net customers. The built-in capacity of capital transcends that of its peers to achieve a virtuous circle. The current business structure enables it to have the industry's leading built-in capacity at the core level.
Given that the focus of future operations will remain “light business,” such as wealth management, and a virtuous cycle that is sustainable. At a recent shareholder meeting, hiring management pointed to the current “bank 3.0” path.
To explore the model of "big wealth management + digital operations + light culture." To analyze it, we believe that there is much to be done in the course of wealth management.
"It must be quick to think about the story of three years later," which is the nature of the process of continuous self-renovation. Since its inception, every time the banking industry fell into the vortex, it was changing: a web of geographical boundaries, active speed-downs, retail transformation, secondary transformation, financial technology banking, mau-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u.
It's called the operating North Star, and it's called the Great Ecology of Wealth Management. These changes are inexorably close to the best at the time of retroactivity, and they all appear to be high and green. This is the time of the Fast Man Step, which strengthens the Protector River and crowns it as the Lord of Retail.
1.1 Winners: The retail coronation route, for most banks, the two most important parts of income are net interest income and non-interest income. Net interest income depends on the size of the asset and the difference in net interest income.
Then, the need for real-economy financing has a very procyclical nature, which determines that credit size increases at a rate that fluctuates with the macroeconomic good or bad. The net income differentials are essentially low-interest deposits and high-interest lending.
The operating and costs comprise mainly human costs, depreciation and administrative costs, and changes are more stable. The asset quality provision consists mainly of a credit provision and a provision for the quality of other assets, in which credit provisions significantly affect fluctuations in net profits.
On this basis, the performance of a bank can be assessed from the dimensions of strategic layout, size, growth, structure, profitability and asset quality (see figure 1 for details), where the macroeconomic expansion is accompanied by a loan return.
Market-based reforms are moving forward, industry deposits are escalating, and interest rates are rising. When the cost of indebtedness is higher, maintaining a certain level of net interest differentials requires the allocation of high-risk assets to increase the rate of return. But asset winds, with higher levels of risk, can push up bad rates, need to increase bad provisions, and erode banks’ net profits.
Since an increase in the return on assets would be risk-averse, would it be possible to simply scale up the gains? The answer is no, because deposit reserves and capital adequacy limit snowballs from flowing into infinite size. When banks issue loans, they transfer funds to the client’s deposit account, account for a loan at the end of the asset and account for the liabilities equally?
If there are no constraints, the derivatives will be in unlimited loops, bank interest multipliers and poles will be rapidly scaled up. The deposit reserve ratio suppresses the money derivative process, and capital adequacy locks risk-weighted assets in a secure range. To meet regulatory requirements, banks will have to achieve endogenous growth - capital needs and assets.
Retail transformation is one of the ways in which banks want to break out. Retail transitions and follow-up adjustments in merchant banks are a response to changes in the business environment, improving business performance in different dimensions (Strategic Reorganization is detailed in Figure 2):
By 1998, there was an urgent need to expand its size into a national bank. With the help of One-Net, geographical restrictions were broken, and customers were absorbed throughout the country.
The \triangleright layer began to focus on quality, crushing non-performing loans, and preferring to lose the speed of increase to ensure quality (figure 5). In 2003, the Commercial Bank Capital Sufficiency Rate was introduced, and the banking sector sought intensive development and retailing.
\triangleright Transition to strategic goals, dynamic credit cards and micro-credit, and optimized asset end-of-end structures. Further, retail deposits as a proportion of total assets and retail demand deposits as a percentage of total assets under loan-making survival mechanisms
In 2009, central banks reduced interest rates, attracting bank net interest differentials to lower roa and roe, followed by a second transition, focusing on micro-credit and capital savings.
In 2015-2017, the creation of “light banks” was proposed, essentially as an effort to save capital, improve governance, and give greater emphasis to financial science and technology. In 2018 to date, “financial banks” were explicitly proposed, with a significant increase in financial investment; mau
As an indicator of the “Arctic Star” of operations, “move ahead” is maintained and an open ecosystem is established. In 2020, the “Great Wealth Management” was explicitly proposed as the main “connector” for providing access to both the supply and demand ends, the economy of the service entities, and helping people to achieve a better life.
Figure 2 The background, initiatives and effects of the changes that have taken place
Figure 5 After 2000, the negative rate went down The share of retail operations that continued to grow in merchant banks in figure 7 Generalization: general theory of retail transition
The history of recruitment has lighted a path of retail transition that can guide comparable banks: first step: retailization of the asset end. Banks will take the lead in compressing public loans, starting with retail loans such as high-perceived industries, hand-held credit cards, consumer loans, etc. As retail lending increases, the overall returns will be higher.
This is a relatively small step, with clear measurement indicators (retail lending share, rate of return, bad rate) and the effect is easy to see. Step two: retailization of the end end of the liability. Retail customer size and stickyness as retail lending grows.
Increasingly, it leads to retail deposits, an increase in the share of personal deposits, especially personal demand deposits, in the debt portfolio, and a decrease in the cost of banks’ combined liabilities, which are generally lower than other types of liabilities. But the process of increasing customer sticky requires banks to improve their customer management capacity and service awareness.
Banks, which hire banks, distinguish between private bank customers (10 million), customers of sunflowers (500,000), customers of gold cards (50,000), ordinary customers, insight into needs, and targeted services.
The height of this step is the growth of private banks, symbolizing that banks are killing their enemies in a retail transition. Client assets meet the 28th rule, that private banks are a confluence of rich people, that they immediately expand the size of wealth management, and that they raise the capacity of deposit derivatives. The most accurate measure of this step is the ratio of personal demand deposits.
The difference in the meaning of savings from high-value deposits and low-cost demand deposits from retail assets is cloudy. Step three: diversification of middle-level operations.
Trust in goods translates into trust in the company, and the bank's business becomes the management of customer relations, not simply the marketing of products. In the middle business, wealth management is one of the pillars. In the middle income, it moves away from the heavy reliance on bank cards.
Step four: Active finance technology. After the three steps mentioned above, banks have improved their profitability, they have sufficient resources to develop the gold, they have improved their energy efficiency in retail services, poor regulation, asset management, and they have improved their client experience, entering the general path of retail transformation in figure 8.
The concentration of > high net clients will be facilitated by > compression of public loans and, in particular, by > improved bank profitability
Quality services enhance client stickyness. > Clients move from new products to wealth management business development.
> Fulfilled credit cards and consumer loans, > Financial technology applications in turn
And it's turned into trust in the company, zero in retail services, poor regulation, higher retail loans, revenue.
The sale of credit-derived retail deposits, higher degree of metalogy, higher profit rates, lower bad rates.
Energy efficiency in asset management, etc. -- entering a virtuous circle. > The high light is private banking. >
Summing up: The focus of deep-farm retailing is the shift from a product sales fee to a consultancy fee and a management fee, behind which the strategic focus shifts between the two models. Retail farming is a shift from a product model to a customer relationship management model. First, the product model.
Second, the customer relationship management model is to charge clients consultancy fees and management fees for customized and platformed products and services. This model requires client-neutral advice that allows clients to trust brands, with a focus on maintaining good customers.
Banks in retail transition need to use products to attract customers, build linkages between customers and products, and then move towards trust in the customer manager and, finally, in the brand power of the bank.
On several occasions, in the face of changes in the external operating environment, and in the face of fluctuations in operating conditions, the recruitment strategy was adjusted in a timely manner to promote a rebound in roa and roe, underpinned by a well-tested culture of excellence in managerial competencies and innovation. From the very beginning of the recruitment process, entrepreneurship was achieved, with the director-general being responsible under the board of directors.
During the transition process, President Ma Weihua and President Tan Hye-woo had a strategic vision and deployed a number of team leaders. The constant struggle of professional cadres across the business sectors has made recruitment a mature and professional team, and the Department’s capacity to work together is growing to break the sector’s isolation.
Connecting to achieve aum’s high growth in 2020, with full interlinkage between lines. At the recent Shareholders’ Congress, Tan Hye-woo argued that BP was already exploring the path of the 3.0 model, namely, “the business model for large wealth management + the digital business model + the light culture organizational model.”
Ming, the recruitment process is ready to become an era of wealth management.2 Evolutionary channels: mau as an enabler for the operation of Arctic Star 2.1: stagnating numbers, continuous transformation
In the early years of its existence, the company’s lack of access limited the scale of the expansion. The first was to prioritize the site on the eastern coast. The second was to develop a “one-net” bank to break the physical limitations on access. In recent years, Internet companies have had to pay high frequency.
The rapid development of microfinance, property marketing, etc., has accelerated the retail transformation of banking and the development of financial technology, so the fate of physical points is to be compressed and digitized. After 2016, the number of branches and branches of the recruiting banks has increased to around 140 and 1700, respectively.
The length is almost negligible (figures 9 and 10). However, visualized counter equipment has seen a pulsed increase since 2016, from 2618 at the end of 2015 to 16599 at the end of 2020, with a pulsed increase in the number of desktop equipment starting in 2016.
The number of recipients in the chart 12 card business is equal to the number of recipients of the Arctic Star mau: HF scenes + financial product realization. The merchant bank uses mau as the “arctic star” for its operations.
Clients attract the rigid needs of banks and high-frequency life scenes, and then use products and services to realize them, but with the same purpose. The prospective banker and the bank include most of the functions of the business point: first, they cover the basic functions of transactions, inquiries, money management, etc.; second, they carry finance (credit cards and loans) and finance management.
The basic function meets the rigid needs of clients, and the financing and management of money provides value-added services that generate interest income and fees. The hands-on app connects people and life scenes.
In addition, a number of commodities are embedded in instalments and consumer loans, and when clients become dependent, they become more sticky and buy more often than not, leading to the growth of retail loans.
By the end of 2020, the aggregate number of subscribers to commercial banks amounted to 145 million, an increase of 27.19 per cent compared with the previous year, which was less than 40.29 per cent and 45.65 per cent in 2018 and 2019. The cumulative 30.33 per cent of life on hand was 30.33 per cent. The impact of the epidemic on recipients was clear, but both maintained a growth rate of more than 20 per cent.
At the end of 2020, the digitalization of credit cards reached 62.8% and the rate of digitalization of debit cards was 22%. Although affected by the epidemic, the ratio declined by 10,000, or 50.17% of the total number of clients who invested in corporate finance.
The three above data show that the flow system, with two major apps, has become the backbone of the recruitment process.
Figure 16 shows a higher share of the sales of liquid funds as a percentage of the total. Figure 17 shows a higher proportion of the clients of fully managed financial investments as a percentage of the clients.3 Optimizing the client structure: with high net clients
As noted earlier, as customers become more sticky, confidence increases, high net customers accumulate, and private banking flourishes, which is the height of retail banking development. The customer structure is also being optimized for recruitment purposes.
As a bank that first introduced the idea of a client hierarchy, the recruit splits the client into three categories, retail customers, gold sunflower customers (average assets of 500,000 plus), and private bank customers.
For example, golden sunflower finance clients enjoy separate customer management services and the right to use VIP rooms at global airports, and private bank customers have access to a full range of high-end services, such as personalized medical services, as well as exclusive high-level financial and team services.
In terms of the number of clients, the number of private banks and golden sunflower customers rebounded from 2018, but the growth in the total number of retail customers remained low. By the end of 2020, the number of private bank customers, golden sunflower customers, retail customers in general amounted to 97.7 million, 3.1 million and 158 million, respectively, representing an increase of 22.4 per cent, 17.2 per cent, 9.7 per cent, and customer structure, respectively.
At the end of 2020, private bank customers, golden sunflower customers, and general retail customers all grew at a significantly higher rate than in 2019. Private bank customers, golden sunflower customers, and, in general, retail customers are 27.7 million, 2.37 million, and 56,000, respectively, in terms of average asset size.
In addition, the threshold for private bank customers in recruitment and construction is 10 million dollars per day, and in summer, Ningbo, and Nanjing, 6 million. According to recruitment and the Bann report on private wealth in China 2021, among high net-value clients, entrepreneurs, entrepreneurs, etc.
High Commissioner and full-time wife still choose the share-based commercial bank and 58-67% the large commercial bank in all wealth management services. Recruitment as the leader of a private bank in the country is still ahead of schedule.
4 Blue Sea sails: leading the wealth management era 4.1 Blue Sea of wealth: number of high net customers and size of assets growing steadily Number of high net customers and size of investable assets growing steadily. China’s residents are expected to be able to invest in capital by the end of 2021
The volume of production reached 268 trillion, representing an increase of 11.2 per cent over the same period, of which 96 trillion were investable assets for high net-value clients, while figure 21 shows an increase in the proportion of high net-value clients investing in total assets.
Figure 23: Growing number of high-net clients Figure 24: Growing size of investable clients 4.2 Ecology: Wealth Management - Asset Management - Investment Bank
High-value clients need one-stop services that cover personal needs, household needs, and business needs. High-value clients consist mainly of entrepreneurs, directors, career managers, professionals, and demand is both personal and family and enterprise.
High-value clients’ claims are one-stop, intelligent, and fast-tracked. High-value clients’ claims are an opportunity to bring about change.
It offers the possibility of opening up the value chain of the Asset Management-Assumption-Assortment-Assortment Bank, through a mix of masters, funds, and insurance. From wealth management to excessive asset management and investment operations, there is also a need to integrate resources for public clients.
Directly committed to the asset sales platform “Intellectuals” through monetary and commercial securities. Expanding partnerships with various financial players, managers, such as trust companies, public funds, bond dealers, insurance companies, etc., to provide services such as bond sales, corporate wealth management, etc. to customers.
Trust in a single product is transformed into trust in the company’s brand, which is the result of stickyness. 4.3 Proprietary wealth: a strong channel, and the scale of wealth management and sales. According to the China Foundations Association, 2021q1 sales.
In terms of income, the balance of retail property at the end of 2020 stood at 2217.2 billion, an increase of 17.72%.
Figure 30 Structure of fees for retail wealth management 4.4 “People + digitization”: Continuous investment in financial science and technology, leading to the best customer experience, “People + digitization”, leading to the best customer experience.
In 2020, the hiring manager invested $11.92 billion in finance technology, a 4.45% increase compared to 4.45% in the industry.
On the one hand, the application provides insight into client needs and, on the other hand, enhances the service experience. Figure 31 shows a higher share of financial science and technology inputs in revenue collection.
One of the core objectives of the retail transition is to ease capital constraints, i.e. to achieve profitable growth - retail size, net income differentials, intermediate income, and asset quality excellence - and then to satisfy capital, in the context of regular capital constraints.
This reorganization rate is required. Because of the complexity of the capital composition, we have chosen only core-level capital as an observation, since the routes to supplement core-level capital are mainly equity capital (outside) and endogenous profits (inner), and (surplus stock + undistributed profits)/net share of core-level capital as a measure of built-in capital earnings.
Since 2013, this share has been increasing, and by the end of 2020 it was the top industry, showing a comparison of capital adequacy rates in figure 36 and financial data in figure 5.2: low cost of debt leads to a virtuous circle
By engaging in the long-term development of retail operations, a large number of sticky users provide a stable demand deposit, reducing the cost of deposits and combined liabilities, thus providing a secure margin for asset allocation. Generally, in order to pursue a certain level of net interest differentials, the higher cost of the liability would require a higher rate of return, placing a greater strain on asset allocation.
While net revenue from interest increases, the cost side requires more credit risk preparation to hedge an expanded exposure to credit risk, to maintain asset quality stability, and credit risk allocation as a share of revenue will rise, delaying net profits and roe.
There is a clear positive correlation between the rate of return and the provisioning ratio.
Figure 42 introduces a non-interest income structure (millions) The poor rate of all types of loans in chart 45 Macroeconomics and credit growth is faster than expected.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information on the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.