Non-financial companies report that the Māori rate rebounds at the bottom of their hand orders and is expected to resume growth. Eastern Electric published three-quarterly reports in 2024.
The net return profit was 2,625 million yuan, down 9.86 per cent from the previous year. 24q3 earned business income of $14,097 million, and Liu Xiaoning is in the middle of the year.
Energy efficiency equipment is related to the ratio of 1.43 pct, engineering and trade to 8.61 pct, and modern manufacturing services to 5.69 pct, gradually digesting. As high-cost coal electricity orders enter delivery, it is expected that corporate revenue and profitability will rebound and subsequent performance will resume.
The cost rate has remained stable, and the impact of fair value changes has diminished. The decline in corporate sales/management/research and development/financial transfer power equity in the third quarter has resulted in a loss of $181 million in non-monetary asset exchanges, while the value of this share of 24q3 has diminished its negative impact on the overall performance of the company as the market warms up.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a total of $81.25 billion (a 26.5 per cent increase) in valid orders, consisting of $32.77 billion in clean and efficient energy equipment (a 1.0 per cent decline in the same year), $21.98 billion in renewable energy equipment (a 18.2 per cent increase in the same year), $8.93 billion in engineering and trade (a 7.7 per cent decline in the same year), and now.
In the alternative manufacturing services sector, $6.94 billion (a 26 per cent decline over the same period), and in the emerging industries, $10.64 billion, an increase of 1.1 per cent over the same period, we believe that companies will continue to perform for long periods of time and maintain a “buy-in” rating in the direction of coal power, nuclear power, hydropower, etc., with an increase in capital spending.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.