Computer software development * *Systems for subscriptions * Events: corporate reports in the first quarter of 2023, generating business income of $1,051 million *
Individual and institutional subscriptions have grown rapidly. Corporate performance has continued to grow rapidly, with q1 companies achieving revenues of $1,051 million, an increase of 21.11 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 8.85 pct over the same period.
Increased customer stickyness and continuous shift of membership to a long cycle, leading to steady growth of individual subscriptions; agency subscriptions received $213 million, an increase of 47.28 per cent compared to the previous year, and corporate digital services upgraded public solutions and service quality, driving domestic institutional subscriptions and service maintenance
High-speed growth; institutionally authorized revenues of $182 million, a decrease of 21.43 per cent in the same year, were affected by the high base of the previous year and by the progress of current letter-making orders: Internet advertising and other businesses generated revenues of $67 million, an increase of 3.02 per cent in the same year.
The monthly active equipment was 589 million, an increase of 2.97% over the same period last year. Of this, the monthly active equipment of the wpsofficepc version was 252 million, and the same-year-old office in Kimshan (688111) subscriptions continued.
Issuance of equity incentives and binding of core staff. The company released a draft 2023 Restricted Stock Stimulus Scheme to award up to 1 million restricted shares to the incentive audience, which represents approximately the sum of the gold mountain office (688111) Subscription maintenance.
The company ' s launch of the equity incentive scheme has helped to further bind the core team, build a strong head of company, continue to grow, and the institutional process of sub-subscription has accelerated.
Wpsai will be embedded in a full-line product, which is expected to open up significantly the growth space. On April 18, 2023, the company announced that Wpsai would be launched (based on the generation of artificial intelligence in large language models that can be applied) and that it would be applied first to a new generation of online content collaboration editing tools, the Light Document.
The models are provided by the domestic partner Minimax. wpsai will use an iterative strategy to continuously improve the performance of the ai and will embed the wps full-line product.
In our view, the company is expected to benefit fully from the wave with a good view card position, and the ability of one to drive the product upscaling, and hence the user's willingness to pay and raise the price of the fee.
Subscriptions are growing faster and the ai is opening up the space for growth up, providing more room for corporate growth.
We expect that the upgrading of the company's product power will lead to a willingness to pay user fees and higher prices for public subscriptions, which will increase the speed at which ai can open up the space for growth.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report