Quarterly reports as a whole meet expectations and equity incentives contribute to higher levels of loyalty Investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) Companies publish one-quarter reports in 2023 and revenue profits are expected
Operating income of $1,051 million was realized in the first quarter of the office in Kimshan, an increase of 21.11 per cent over the same period; subscriptions were faster than expected; cost and fair value changes affected profits 1) by sub-operation: operating income of $589 million from subscriptions to personal office services in the country, a ratio of $589 million
Domestic institutions authorized $182 million, a change of 21.43 per cent, Internet advertising promotion services, prices of companies compared to the trend of 300 per cent, all of which achieved a faster than expected rate of growth.
The number of monthly active equipment for the company's main product is 589 million, or 100 million, an increase of 8.62% over the same period in the previous year; the mobile version of the monthly active equipment is 334 million, a decrease of 0.60% over the same period in the previous year.
3) In terms of the three rates of cost, the sales rate has increased by 4 pccs on a year-on-year basis; the R & D cost has increased by 1 pct; and the administrative costs have been maintained. Financial costs have decreased by 3.3 pct. and the effect of fair value changes on earnings, which has led to net profit gains for the company ' s parent at a rate less than an income increase.
(4) Contract liabilities increase by 9% over the year; the ring ratio is equal. or the principal agency has authorized an increase in business orders. 5) Operating cash flows decrease by the same year, mainly because of cash increases paid to employees in the current period. • Equity incentives contribute to staff stability and higher levels of loyalty
The company introduced a draft equity incentive to award a limited stock of up to 1 million shares to the incentive target, which is based on a collection price and ultimately determines the award price. The incentive target was 157 persons. This includes senior managers, core managers, core managers, etc. who worked in the company (including subsidiaries) at the time of the announcement.
From the examination requirements, the main test is the speed at which the business income increases with the agency ' s subscription revenue increases. Intake sets the trigger value, the target value. The trigger value is 10% for cagr; the target value is 15% for cagr; the subscription income trigger is 20% for cagr; the target value is 25% for caagr.
The trigger value is 90%; the target value is 100%, with two tops (income, speed of increase, and agency subscription). Given the growth of the company’s historical earnings, the firm’s goal of achieving equity incentives is not a problem.
With reference to the latest Microsoft-published copilot,ai technology enabling office suite and co-location, one person is expected to subscribe to user fees and is expected to drive further arpu upgrade, and individual subscriptions are less advanced than expected; 2) cost controls are weak; 3) industry competition is increasing; 4) economic downside
The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I am using the information of legal compliance to produce the report independently and objectively.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.