On April 18th, the official gold mountain file announced that it would introduce the creation of an artificial mind based on a large-language model.
“wpsai” can be used. Yao Dong, Vice-President of the office in Kimsan, said that the future development of wpsai would anchor three strategic directions. The first direction was aigc, mainly ancillary editors, rewriters, and polishing to help users produce better-quality articles. The second direction was reading understandings and questions and answers, with interactive questions and answers based on already stored language.
Auxiliary reading and knowledge retrieval. The third direction is human interaction, based on large language model technology, for the next generation, based on natural language-based human interaction, ordering and summarizing software in natural human language. wpsai is based on the big minimax model.
Minimax was created in December 2021 to be a builder of infrastructure and content applications using the ai era. From the bottom, the company formed the basic model architecture of three models: visual, text-to-sound, text-to-text, and text-to-text.
wpsai will be applied first to the "light file" product. Wpsai will be applied first to the new online content collaboration editing tool "light file" to help users process work and life scenes and improve content production.
power. In practical application, wpsai can generate documents directly according to the user ' s needs, and can modify text from wpsai through more than s01052209001 dialogues, and can continue as required.
In a post, wpsai can also process and reprocess existing files, rewrite, expand, shorten, or fine-tune articles, or even change the style of the article. In addition, wpsai can summarize the content of multiple documents and generate an outline of the article, based on one or more documents specified by the user.
1. Kimsan Office (6881.sh) Quarterly Reportpoint 2022: Saas subscriptions show good performance and long-term growth
It is expected that the next one will continue to expand to full-line products. The document image recognition and understanding, which the company has developed autonomously, is still available for date - 2022/04/29. Document conversion technology has reached global leadership, and ocr and machine translation technology is ranked first in the country.
2. The Golden Hill Office (688111) reported an annual review of 2021: collection team. The 2022 Golden Hill Office used the ability of the ai to help users calibrate a total of 334 billion words, the year-round growth rate of Ocr was 40 per cent, and the contract liability was high to increase growth potential.
The number of photos processed amounted to 14.6 billion, the number of active users of smart beautification functions amounted to 2.37 million, and the number of active users of the office was 2022/03/24 3. The performance of the office in Kinshan (688111) was evaluated in 2021:
In the future, the office will also integrate a strong capacity into the entire stock market, and in April, the office will have a strong personal subscription, with high contractual liabilities predicting growth, forward-looking applications for chhat forms, chhat posters, chhat mind charts, wpschat, etc.
Marks 2022/02/26. The subsequent wpsai will gradually be integrated into the “wps family drums” and will move to full-scale full-time intelligence.
Investment recommendations: Offices are expected to be the first to land and the first to deliver on performance.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.