Computer group: fast growth of subscriptions, ai-enable sails, 19 April 2023, company quarterly report, 2023, q1 revenue.
1051 million yuan, an increase of 21.11 per cent over the same period; a net return of 267 million yuan, a positive increase on the end of the same year, and a high rate of growth in b-subscription. Companies maintained a fast-growing trend in performance during the first quarter, with c-subsistence largely robust and yielding income of 589 million yuan.
1. Kimsan Offices Review: C-end Basics, b-subscription, 38.17 per cent more than in the year; Digital Offices platform continues to transition from b-side business models to subscriptions, 2023.3.22
2. Kimsan Office Review: C-end User Reverse Growth, b-end Subsistence Rapid Annual Growth Trends; and End-of-Step Business Revenues, influenced by the high base for the same period of the previous year, is 3. Kimshan Office In-depth Research: National Product Office Software Lead, Subscriptions and
589 million, an increase of 2.97% over the same period. The membership system is upgraded and the value of c-arpu is expected to increase significantly.
In addition, the package can be sold separately to meet the diverse office needs of different users. On a price basis, the new version of the basic package of membership is priced against the original wps.
66.3%, the pro package is about 38.5% more expensive than the original wps super-member. The restructuring of the membership system is expected to lead to a substantial increase in the company’s c-arpu value, which will allow for continued robustness, full embedding of the capacity, and future growth of the company in an era of office software intelligence.
The Division is about to launch wpsai (generated artificial intelligence applications based on large language models) and take the lead in a new generation of online content collaboration editing tools, "light files", supporting the generation of documents, multiple rounds of dialogue, processing existing content and selecting documents for processing functions, which will include:
In the future, wpsai will continue to grow deep in the three main directions of aigc, reading comprehension and question-and-answer, and human interaction, gradually opening public access and embedding company-wide products.
We maintain our previous profit projections, where the net profits of companies are projected to increase competition in the office market for the period 2023-2025, the transition from two subscriptions to less than expected, and the risk of sales restrictions.