KIMshan Office (688111) Report on the evaluation of the annual report for 2022
In 2022, the company achieved revenues of $3.885 billion, or 18.44 per cent, and a net increase of 11.71 per cent. Of this, income from subscriptions to personal office services in the country amounted to $2.05 billion, or the same increase.
Domestic agencies authorized operating revenues of 836 million yuan, a 13.18 per cent decrease over the same period; Internet advertising and other equipment, a steady increase in the number of monthly and fee-paying individual users, a positive iterative product service in the area of credit creation, a negative growth in the number of monthly active equipment for the company's main product, and the addition of new functions and content types
Membership privileges drive users to use more sticky and pay-as-you-go. As of 2022, the monthly active equipment on wpsofficepc was 242 million, an increase of 10.50 per cent, the monthly active equipment on the wps office mobile version was 328 million, an increase of 2.18 per cent, and the cumulative annual fees were 2.18 per cent.
At the institutional level, the company continues to push forward, with three quarters of the report taking stock: profitability is steady and the two-subscription system is steady.
In 2022, the number of new government clients in digital office products increased by 57% over the same period.
The number of businesses increased by 51 per cent over the year, the rate of renewal for payers was over 70 per cent and the rate of renewal was over 100 per cent.
Annual Report Review: High Growth in Subsistence, Active Catalogues. ai is one of the top five product strategies of the company. Document image recognition and understanding, documentation, and transformation technology developed by the company itself has reached a national lead, and Ocr and machine translation technology are ranked first in the country.
Team. The large language model changes the office software industry in two ways: 1) better human interaction: the office, the software, is multifunctional and interactive, and we used to spend a lot of money and time turning user needs into the army.
Specific functions, but the cost for users to learn to use them is high. In the future, users need only one word to describe the need, so that the big language model can directly solve the problem. 2) Superb reasoning: the previous code was a fixed-speciation program, and the future large language model has some sort of reasoning ability to itself.
Home-write programs to generate codes based on user demand dynamics. Corporations are leading office software and service providers in the country, growing, driven by policy and technological change The risk of a lower-than-expected increase in the number of user fees; the risk of a lower-than-expected process of national substitution; Other risks
Company access to the office software market and the risk of increased competition in the market.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.