iii. Performance of medical and medical services in line with expectations, continued expansion of the industrial landscape: company annual report for 2020 and company operating income of $5,134 million in 2020, a year-on-year increase
The company’s performance is generally in line with market expectations. The laboratory services are growing faster, and the expansion of capacity is increasing faster.
Recruiting and leading laboratory service capacity to take on a large number of overseas inflow orders. And building on the advantages of increased research and development technology and increased business linkages between the plates, the company’s laboratory operations generated $3,263 million, a 37.12 per cent increase; the Māori rate increased by 2.48 pct to 42.74 per cent, as a result of scale effects.
More than 1,600 people have been assigned to scientific services, and the capacity of the service has grown rapidly. In terms of capacity expansion, the company completed the expansion and commissioning of 22,500 m2 of laboratory services in Beijing in 2020.
Cmc services have grown steadily, with a significant increase in productive capacity in 2021. Domestic cmc production has been affected by q1, and q2 has begun to recover with high resilience as the domestic epidemic subsides.
35.54%; Māori rate rises by 4.96pct to 32.73%. The company continuously upgrades cmc service capacity and strengthens Chinese and British team cooperation, with 739 drug molecules working on chemical process development and production services in 2020, including 487 PB projects, 202 clinical i-ii periods, 47 clinical iii periods and 3 commercialization stages.
The Xu Dynamite Development Team completed 26 gmp projects. In order to address the problem of off-site audits due to the impact of the epidemic, the company introduced flexible services such as remote on-line audits in a timely manner and passed 55 qa audits of the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies.
With regard to team building, the company cmc has 1,934 employees, an increase of 25.3% over the same period, actively expanding the team to meet the rapidly growing demand for services.
Construction was almost completed by the end of 2020, with an expected q1 input in 2021, which will significantly increase the company ' s process development capacity at cmc (small molecule cdmo). In addition, after the completion of the 81,000 square metre project at the Shashing plant, Conlong was transformed into: overperformance under the epidemic and overseas orders.
An additional 600 cubic metres of chemical reactor capacity will be added, of which 200 cubic metres are expected to be delivered in the second half of 2021 and the remaining 400 cubic metres will be completed in 2022.
Clinical services are affected by the epidemic and are expected to recover high rates of growth and profitability in 2021.
Synthetic-Clinical-Analysis” integrated service platform, corporate clinical service performance overseas is generally better than expected. Conlong has been transformed into a gold-tracking flagship, with performance in line with expectations.
The cro industry has maintained a high profile, and the company’s three major businesses have benefited from dividends. The country’s pharmaceutical market has been growing rapidly, especially in the innovative medicine industry, as a result of policy drive, ageing, high market interest, and so on.
The market for outsourcing medicine research and development has become the best option, and the industry has maintained a very high profile. According to the Institute of Foresight, in 2013-2017, the country’s cro industry was in line with the increase in chemistry, gradually covering the cro service, from small molecular drug research and development, cmc to drug assessment.
Laboratory chemistry is the cornerstone of the company’s business, allowing it to accumulate extensive experience in the areas of compound design and synthesis, target selection, pharmaceutical research, and the development of a strong core team. It also provides a solid foundation for the company’s downstream industry.
As the company’s extension of the cro industry chain, cmc operations and clinical research operations have been the main target of recent years’ public education. The company cmc services are now capable of meeting the process of developing and producing clinical three-stage drugs.
The company's cmc operations are expected to remain close to 35% faster as a result of the promotion of the drug-market-holder system and the continued growth of the market for new medicines and the synergies created by the company's chemical laboratories.
The growth rate is expected to return to around 30%. The company’s three main lines of business will sustain high-quality investment on the country’s cro gold track and expand the entire industry chain. While the three lines of business are being developed, the company accelerates the extension of new business in the industry chain.
The company, which specializes in research and development services in trans-shipments, human pharmacological predictions and conversion medicine, has first-rate capabilities in the assessment of cell and gene therapy capabilities and laboratory services in ophthalmology, medical devices.
In February 2021, the company signed an agreement with Albert Vive to acquire its subsidiary, allerganbiologicsmited, to improve the cdmo service capabilities of cell and gene products. Through the acquisition of high-quality assets, the company began to deal with big players like cells and gene therapy.
Business development is expected to be linked to the company’s existing business. To benefit from the global tro transfer and the high state of the country’s new drugs, we look at the high growth capacity of the company’s laboratory chemical and cmc operations and maintain an “uptake-a” rating.