Shenwon shares (002714); showing significant growth, initial release of profits Recommended (for the first time) Agroforestry and Fisheries
• The first half of 2017 annual report of Shinwon shares, which achieved operating income in the first half of the year, the main financial indicator (in millions of yuan) and the downside of the pig price, the company ' s overall profits remain high: the pig price has been from Spring 2017.
After a shock caused by imported pork, increased weight, etc., there were signs of stability at the beginning of July, which has now rebounded to $6.95/kg. In addition, the number of pig stocks reached 35.86 million in June 2017, with low innovation, with a large stock of pig stocks.
The column affects the supply of pigs one year later, so it is less likely that the supply will rise significantly in the coming year. However, with the onset of hot weather, the consumption of pork will be drier, so, despite the downside of the supply, the price of pigs will be more likely to rebound in the short term.
In the future, the growth of pig production will help companies to cross the pig cycle and continue to achieve performance growth against the background of lower pig prices, as production capacity is released.
• Significant cost advantages of integrated farming chains: companies own integrated whole chains from feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing to commodity pig farming, control over food safety from the source and reduce intermediate transaction costs and avoid effectively
The uneven demand for free feed, pig growing, etc., has had an impact on the company ' s production, resulting in a production flow of RMB/kg, as well as an assumed cost of RMB11.5/kg, and an extra weight of RMB120, all of which have made profits of RMB412.8 and are already at a higher level in the industry.
For the first time, the growth rate of pig farming, as well as the prospects for good development of the pending production project, has been given to Hull University, UK, Master of Business Management, in the main area of research and follow-up: Large Consumption Report, which is produced by Chinese securities and used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by recipients of this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.