002714. sz. Farming and fishing.
The company's basics (RMB) are demanding that the pastoralist model achieves itself. In 2017, the rate of withdrawal of the scattered households was amazing, and it was only 1.15 million in the same period last year, a net increase of 1.8 million. In the first half of Winch, 900 pigs were born in the first half of the year.
All right, over 8.1 million during the same period last year, there was a net increase of only 900,000, or half of herdland. This was due to the fact that the fertile soil on which Wen's survival and expansion were based — the quality of “cooperative farmers” — became a scarce resource, making the expansion of the “public + farm” model extremely costly and thus losing its superiority.
As long as the funds are in place to take land, build plants, recruit people, train, install pigs, and raise fat pigs, one of the difficulties is the marginality of management, which increases as the scale increases. Because biological assets account for a very high proportion of total assets, there is a high demand for technology and management.
Cost-control culture is deep in the marrow, and capital inflows are expanding rapidly. The super-pig cycle, which began in 15 years, is expected to hit 72 billion dollars in market value.
For the past 20 years, the only constraint on the development of the pastoralist system has been the money. For the last 20 years, the herd has been dependent on the price of a highly volatile pig each year and the amount of activity accumulated from zero, and it cannot be rapidly expanded.
The importance of cost-control lies in the bone marrow of the founder of the enterprise, and the pastoralism is the least costly of the entire industry.
Since 2009, the average market interest rate has been 34.9% and 21.7%, which exceeds the Glycerine and Vanco rates. A unique whole-of-the-art self-sufficiency model ensures that companies have the lowest combination of pig breeding, feed processing, fertility management, etc.
Ten years or even five years ago, Wen’s “company + farm” model of pig farming adapted to China’s circumstances achieved the size of the 20 million-year-old pig production today, but today’s business has missed the golden period of rapid expansion of the “company + farmer.”
For 20 years, following its path, the unique self-sustaining integrated feeding model has ensured that companies have the lowest combined costs of pig breeding, feed processing, fertility management, etc., which, although at a slow pace in the first 19 years, is now ripe to break out.
First, farmers in the super-long pig cycle: the year of polarization was completely reversed. The ice fires in the super-long pig cycle continued: one side was at a time of rising pig prices.
We've never seen such a big difference in behavior among practitioners in a cyclical industry.
The Shinwon model is self-fulfilling, the cost-control escort 1 and the demanding pastoral model is self-fulfilling.
In contrast to the rapid expansion of herds, a large group of enterprises that were moving when the prices of pigs were higher last year have been on the rise this year. In the first half of 2017, herds accumulated 2.95 million pigs, compared to 8.1 million in the same period last year, a net increase of only 900,000, or half of herds.
China’s socio-economic development has brought to a certain stage the superiority of its heavy asset model. Rapid advances in urbanization and industrialization have led to the scarcity of idle land and labour, in other words, the fertile soil of Wen’s survival and expansion.
– Quality “cooperative farmers” become scarce resources, making the expansion of the “corporate-farmer” model extremely costly, thus losing its advantages. The pastoral system is closed, and the model is relatively simple to replicate, as long as the funds are available.
Plants, recruiters, training, sow pigs, and so on. The difficulty is in managing marginality, which increases as the size increases. Because biological assets account for a very high proportion of total assets, the high demand for technology and management is one of the strongest guardians of this model.
Rivers, and this is the subjective element of herds’ success. But this is not an insurmountable divide, without herds, and without another enterprise’s success, herds are fortunate to be the beloved of the times.
Why, starting in 2016, is the stock-breeding of heavy assets expanding faster than that of light assets? The reason is the accumulation of herd money. The dividends that came out early in the 14th year were masked by a low-intensity pig cycle, but could not stop the ensuing eruption.
In the last 20 years, the only constraint on pastoral development has been funding. Why has the country’s real estate gone through a crazy development in the last decade, when the capital of society is pouring into the real estate sector?
For the past 20 years, Makahara has relied on highly volatile annual pig prices and a small profit from zero, and cannot have rapidly expanding capital. But the cumulative power of compound interest is amazing, but at the same time, compound interest in a strong cyclical industry is beyond the reach of most firms.
In the first place, the company has to survive and to avoid losses as much as possible. The company has experienced the worst hog cycle -- 98, when no pig had a dollar at all. The important cost-control factor is the bone marrow of the founder of the firm, and the pastoralist, as the lowest-coster in the industry, has enjoyed it for a long time.
Since 2009, the average net profit on roe and sales has been as high as 34.9% and 21.7%, exceeding the Glycerine and Huanco rates. The unique whole-of-the-life feeding model ensures that companies have the lowest levels of pig breeding, feed processing, fertility management, etc.
Ten years or even five years ago, Winch's "company + farmer" was the most appropriate model of pig farming in China's circumstances and achieved the size of 20 million pigs today.
After losing the rapidly growing soil of “company + farm households” or missing the golden period of rapid expansion of “company + farm households.” For 20 years, Shinhara has been following his own path, developing his own livelihood in a unique way, and the integrated feeding model ensures that the company has the lowest pig breeding, feed processing, fertility management, etc.
But learning about pastoralism from today may be wrong. Because the body system and experience accumulated over the last 20 years have not worked overnight, and what is really happening in China in 10 years' time.
Great entrepreneurs must have accepted a path to the dark, and it's long enough to be wide enough, and every pedestrian has the potential to succeed. Twenty years ago, and today, the pig-breeding industry is certainly in line with what is expected to be a significant increase in the importation of pork, an outbreak of large-scale uncontrollable disease, and a failure to expand production capacity.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.