Shenwon's share (002714.sz)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average company base 20 times (RMB) and leading to higher valuation trends for other liquor businesses.
In developing countries, rising valuation trends are taking place quietly. In the history of a share, examples of rising valuation trends in a particular industry or stock are not common, for example, in the last two years of white wine and dumps, domestic electricity and gravity, and ongoing steel and large carbon changes.
There are two necessary conditions for globalization: first, the fundamentals of the industry are changed significantly, and second, the market is not as good as expected. The pig-breeding industry is now meeting both conditions.
In the case of white wine, consumption problems after a sharp drop in consumption have been skilfully defused during the rapid increase in concentration, with the result that household consumption has driven Guizhou's consumption.
2. “Exceeding beyond expectations, performance growth is the reverse growth of a group of excellent white wine businesses such as Yakuza. The pig-producing industry has emerged from 2015 from a wave of ad hoc - in-depth research by Shinhara Stock Company”, 2017.8.2
“Super-Long Pig Cycle” is due to the delay in the recovery of productive capacity, but there is a division within the industry, with the brutal expansion of large-scale enterprises on the one hand, and the withdrawal of dispersed farmers on the other, which eventually leads to a rapid increase in industrial concentration. The overall capacity of the white- and wine-like industry is shrinking, while the leading firms are expanding in reverse.
The increase in the concentration of white wine and pig production occurred during the industry’s up-front period. During the industry’s next period, large enterprises were worse off than small-scale enterprises, because large firms were not flexible enough to achieve a significant contraction or reorientation of their industries in the industry’s next period: small-scale firms were unable to do so because of their lack of flexibility.
It's relatively small, and it can be significantly scaled down during the industry's downtime or temporarily withdrawn from the industry’s cold winter. When the industry turns around, large-scale businesses are profiting from well blowouts, and small-scale enterprises start to expand their production capacity.
It is difficult to start again, and large-scale farming enterprises, because of the regulations they operate, have relatively little impact on the environment. As a result, during the current cycle, large-scale and small-scale enterprises have gradually adapted the laws governing the survival of the pig-breeding industry.
The advantages are highlighted, while the small swarms lose their space for survival. Uniquely, in the white wine industry, leading companies struggle to do their jobs, while the small wine companies contract and withdraw; once the industry warms, the taps (8621) 60230241.
Businesses have concentrated on brands, products, and channels, while small alcohol companies have been passively pursuing and losing opportunities. The industry’s attitude and behaviour in the lower run determines the eruption and performance elasticity of the upper run, a difference that becomes more pronounced when the external regulatory environment tightens.
In the last two years, the continuing booms in the pig-breeding industry have rewritten the history of the past price-earning cattle to the extent that the market fears their sustainability and is reflected in the continuing low valuation of the pig-breeding stock. For example, the stock of herding stock, 2009 to date, is the company’s business.
There has never been a full-year loss, with an average of 35% roe, and maintaining an average annual increase of more than 50%. The high rate of return on capital stems from the huge cost advantage of an enterprise, which will continue for a long time to come; and the expansion of herds is still very large due to the industry pattern of “small and large industries.”
Space. This means that high returns and high growth coexist in the past. In fact, fear of falling pork prices in the future frees up much of the investment risk for the pig-breeding stock, while optimism about future pork prices means risk accumulation. So the only way to invest in the pig-breeding unit is to ignore the pig price and the price of the pig.
Short-term fluctuations in equity prices have generated long-term high returns and higher values from high growth of firms.  With better expectations based on the price of pork, we have raised the risk of selling 65,453.2 million shares of the company’s original stockholdings, while keeping the mark constant.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.