In 2017, Shinwon's shares were published in the semi-annual report, and the company achieved operating income of $4,231 million in 2017, an increase of 85.21 per cent over the same period; net profits were realized.
1.2 billion yuan, an increase of 11.92 per cent and eps of 1.12 dollars, an increase of 7.69 per cent. The company also issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2017, benefiting from a significant expansion and negative growth in performance. 217h1 company sold 2,951 million live pigs, an increase of 156.12 per cent, of which the commercial dollar was 16.1 per cent lower than the average price of the company ' s commodity pig sales in the first half of 17 years, a decline of 22.12 per cent.
We believe that, thanks to the strict cost-control of the “self-sufficiency” model, the company was able to maintain a more stable profit margin during the life cycle of the pig price. In June, the pig price rebounded steadily, accompanied by the digestion of the prior market against the pig pressure, and it is expected that the three seasons will increase the growth of pig farming, taking advantage of the changes in industry.
In the main food-producing areas of China, China, North and Northeast, the company's fixed assets in 2017h1 and construction-in-progress grew by 26.68% and 29.74%, respectively, and productive biological assets in the East, which grew by 37.86%.
We believe that companies, as industry leaders, are expanding their production capacity at a time when the environmental reform industry is becoming more scaled. Strong layouts, especially in the northeast, are helping companies to further expand their cost advantages.
In June, the company announced its third employee holding plan, which is not to raise more than $300 million \triangleright, mainly through the second-tier market, in which seven directors of executives participate, with a total subscription of no more than $40 million.
The company’s three-phase employee-holding program has improved its staff incentives, promoting synergy of interests among management, shareholders, and employees, while also demonstrating the Department’s full confidence in its own development. We value the company’s excellent cost-control capabilities, and its ability to take the opportunity to make up for a reverse growth.
The risk of price volatility, the risk of disease, and so forth, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East.
Master ' s degree in accounting, 2008 in all acceding countries, studies in agriculture and food and beverages, 2011 in Anshin securities, 2013 in East Hing securities, and 9 years in food and beverages.
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies