{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Hamahara shares (002714)
Higher than the bar plus low-cost resistance to the pig cycle. Performance continues to grow at a high rate. \triangleright, first half of 2017, pig prices continued to collapse and averaged $14.03/kg per pig in July, compared to the previous year.
During the reporting period, companies accounted for a total of 2,951,300 pigs, an increase of 156.12 per cent over the same period, and the large amounts released ensured a sustained high rate of income growth. The company ' s Māori birth rate, 34.34 per cent, remained at a historically high level, thus extrapolating a 15 per cent reduction in the unit cost of a pig compared to 2016.
The company’s model of self-sufficiency, which combines feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, and commodity pig breeding, has a clear competitive power in the industry in terms of cost control. We believe that, based on the advantages of being above the bar and at low cost, the company’s performance has been able to grow steadily through the current cycle of pigs.
Compared to the trend of 300 depths, the unit has been able to repair supply and demand for three quarters, and the prices of pigs are expected to return to heat. The excess supply and the weakening of demand have led to a steady fall in prices.
By 0.9% over the same period; by 311.3 million in June, the figure was 0.7% over the same period, and the supply is still rising slowly. In the second quarter, when pork consumption was low, the persistently low prices of poultry meat and eggs had some alternative effect on pork, causing the demand to remain low. In the third quarter, the average price for pig production was stable at $14/kg.
At the end of the pig cycle, a new cycle is expected to open at the end of the year, with the company producing pigs.
In 2008, the company formed the Long Taiyuan, which is involved in the processing of pork meat and further improves the production of pigs.
In addition, for the last two years, companies have been active in setting up domestic operations, which now have 70 subsidiaries, of which 23 were established in 2016 and 28 in the first half of 2017, and the main business involved raising pigs up and down the entire industrial chain, and the industry has expanded rapidly.
Companies are the champions of the pig-breeding industry, with the absolute advantage of rapid expansion and low-cost control. Pre-summer epidemics, fluctuations in prices of feed materials, and the emergence of pigs are not as high as expected.
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,