Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
On August 22, 2017, there was a mass outbreak of pig-breeding plates and a sharp rise in stock prices. With the revision of the price of pork, the prices of pigs were set to run from a long cycle of market-constant expectations to a drop of pigs at $13/kg, and quickly recovered to $14/kg or more, close to $15/kg. The market began to re-examine the current situation.
The price of pigs in the second half of the year, especially next year’s, reversed the expected losses across the industry and turned into a sustained improvement in profitability.
“Exceeding beyond expectations, performance growth means that 500,000 capable pig stocks and 24 pys will support 12 million pigs next year, pending in-depth study by Shinhara Stock Company”, 2017.2.2.
The price of pork, which is expected to improve, will certainly boost the valuation of pig-breeding companies. History suggests that the company’s performance in 2016, based on good prices for pigs and good expectations, will increase significantly.
At this point, the market is re-examining and rising, with an overdrafting of the 2018 pig price making the company’s performance better. Shenwon’s shares are valued 15 times as well for 18 years.
At the lowest cost, the company will continue to earn more than the average market cost, and the company has earned more than eight times what it has done in the last eight years. Compared to the meat standard, it will receive 10 times the value, or even higher, in the case of the current high level of uncertainty about the company’s performance next year.
We believe that the market value of herds is highly likely to reach $72 billion in the year. Conservatively, based on a $3.6 billion net profit forecast and 15 times the value of the pig price, the company will be able to make a difference.
The price of pork is still in the upper cycle. The price of pork is largely emptied by the expected increase in the number of live pigs, and the current expansion of herds, Winchesters, Orthodoxs, and eagle-sized businesses has created a growth illusion for the market ' s expectations of producing pigs.
The price increases and drops are the behaviour of the farmers, while the size enterprises are passive recipients, and the conclusion is that the price falls because of the large expansion of the scalding business. The scalding business behavior is one-way, with expansion for better future development, while the swath behaviour is two-way, and the pig price is higher.
The same behavior occurs when all the farmers suffer the same price increases or drops at the same time, which leads to the price running in the opposite direction as expected. The only change in the behaviour of large-scale firms is the expansion of their capacity.
The expansion in a single direction does not change the direction of the change in capacity, and thus does not determine the price of pigs: especially in the case of small-scale firms, the impact on the overall capacity of the industry is minimal. And the farmers can choose to enter or leave, and the opposite is the result of the opposite.
Almost all the farmers make the same choice at the same time, which leads to pig prices running in a direction that determines the cycle of changes in production capacity, and there is no end-of-cycle conclusion in the current cycle that there is no recovery of production capacity (which is capable of growing pigs).
Besides, more importantly, the farmers who buy pig fat are not making a profit in the current cycle. The continuing decline in the number of pigs has led to a severe shortage of pig supplies, especially in the first half of the year, when prices fell fast and pig prices remained high, and the farmers who buy pig fat from the outside have suffered a heavy loss.
In this case, the prices of pigs are still high, showing the true decline in the stock of pigs, and Psy and msy's upgrades are not sufficient to compensate for the purchase of herbs and herd shares. Since the previous market was short of next year's prices, the company's current prices are only eight times higher.
Pé, based on the company’s net profit of 18 years at $4.8 billion, and now that the prices of pigs are expected to be reversed, the company’s valuation will certainly rise. If the market reverses its expectations for next year’s prices, the company will also be at a higher and more reasonable valuation level.
In an environment in which meat prices are emptied, the market is now in the early stages of reversing the expectations of pork prices, and it is right to buy the company at the current estimated level. Based on the expected improvement in pork prices.
The company’s original shareholding stock of 65,453.2 million shares is released from the risk of sale. Analysis of the rating ratio of the relevant reports in the market, and then the final rating is calculated on average, as the market’s average investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.