Herbal stock: the accelerated expansion of subsistence patterns.
Long-term competitiveness ratings: higher than industry averages. The subsistence model of pig-breeding and pig-breeding cycles are bound to fluctuate.
So, the period of rapid growth of the self-sufficiency model is set to be a fully profitable profit cycle. The boom, which began in the second quarter of 2015, has a higher profit cycle, with herding shares compared to other pig-breeding enterprises of the same size.
The company currently reserves some 100,000 acres of land, which is about 500 acres per 100,000 pigs in the integrated model of self-sufficiency, with existing land reserves.
In addition, land reserves have been contracted in the northeast 2.
Waiting – In-depth study of the Shenwon stock company, prepared ... to lay the foundations for the company’s future rapid expansion.
In the last two years, the continuing boom in the pig-breeding industry has rewrite the history of the past price-earning cattle so that the market fears their sustainability and is reflected in the continuing low valuation of the pig-breeding unit. For example, the stock of herds has been on average since 2009.
Roe is up to 35% and maintains an average annual increase of more than 50%, while stock prices remain around 10 times higher. Indeed, the price of pigs does not affect the long-term value of herds, and if stock prices are adjusted by falling prices, it is a good opportunity to buy or store.
Imports of pork have increased significantly, large-scale uncontrollable diseases have erupted, and production capacity has not expanded as expected. First, self-reliance has expanded rapidly.
Low, in the profit-making cycle of pig-breeding, there will be more excess profits than other businesses, which will lead to a rapid expansion of productive capacity. Companies’ productive and expendable bio-assembly increases are starting to climb back in 2014.
On the one hand, there is a high cycle of pigs, and on the other hand, there has been a significant increase in financial resources to promote rapid expansion. The company’s productive biological assets grew by 79% in 2015 compared to 2016, when, more importantly, the subsistence model of pig-breeding and the profit cycle of pig-breeding necessarily fluctuated.
The expansionary planning is bound to limit development. So the period of rapid growth of the self-sufficiency model must be a fully profitable profit cycle.
In the high-profit cycle of pig-breeding, herding shares are more profitable than other pig-breeding enterprises of the same size, on the basis of which a substantial increase in scale has been achieved.
In high-profile circumstances, the net profit revenue of the company reached a new high of $2.3 billion, and the build-up of credit finance provided sufficient financial support for the expansion of capacity. In the first half of 2017, the company achieved a net profit of $1.2 billion, resulting in an increase of $4.2 billion.
We can see this in contrast to Wen's expansion. In the first half of 2017, herds were only a third of the temperature, but the ratio of capital spending between the two was much greater: in 2016, herds spent about 65 per cent of the temperature, and in the first half of 2017, about 61 per cent.
In terms of the pace of expansion of production capacity, herdsmen have outpaced Wen’s position as the absolute leader of the industry. The herdsmen who went to the market relied on their own profits to roll through, and then accelerated their expansion with the facilitation of financing, have completed a cumulative $6,698 million in direct financing, which translates into an additional capacity of about 7 million.
For the next three years, the high capital expenditure of $3-4 billion per year will continue to be used to expand the size of the farm. For the company, which currently reserves some 100,000 acres of land, the area of each 100,000 pigs in the integrated model of self-sufficiency will be about 500 acres, and the existing land reserves can easily support more than 10 million.
In addition, 6-7 million new productive capacity can be built up from contracted land reserves in the north-east. Third, small companies in large industries, pastoralists, have great opportunities to develop, and China is currently in the early stages of large-scale farming, with the top 10 pig-breeding enterprises taking up market ownership.
In the last two years, the continuing boom in pig-breeding has rewrited the history of the past pig-priced short bear, to the extent that the market is concerned about its sustainability and is reflected in the continuing low valuation of the pig-breeding unit. For example, the stock of herds has been on average since 2009.
In fact, the price of pigs has no impact on the long-term value of herds, such as the price of fruit, which has been adjusted by the fall in the price of pigs, is a good opportunity to buy or store. Imports of pork have increased significantly, large-scale uncontrollable epidemics have erupted, and production capacity has not expanded as expected.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.