{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}North American production potential to pre-empt high overseas dividends.
The company is one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce and sell auto-powered lithium ion batteries, with autonomous core intellectual property rights, the main business being the powered lithium.
q3 Downstream demand is slowing down at the same rate and industry competition is increasing, resulting in short-term performance pressure on companies. Battery and transmission equipment are two major business plates, the main products being positive materials, lithium cell cores, lithium batteries.
The cost has improved the client structure and the Māori rate has risen significantly. The Māori rate for companies in the previous three quarters was 17.0%, for groups, battery management systems and storage batteries, for transmission and distribution, the same ratio as +2.9 pct, q3 Mār. 20.8%, and for rings + 7.2 pt/+8.7 pt. The Māori rate for companies is significant.
Products, etc.. The sales of the company’s powered lithium batteries have increased over the years, benefiting mainly from lower-cost raw materials such as lithium carbonate + the company’s overseas customers’ relative upscaling + scale effect should be released.
In the last three quarters, the company delivered 31gwh, which was higher than last year’s year’s full-scale. Domestic power cell loader 10gwh, the city ranked fifth at 3.9%.
A major breakthrough has been achieved in the expansion process, with a target of lfp standard cores in the public overseas market, q4 supplying small quantities of c-sampled core products to the general public, and the company’s new entry into various client product points, such as Eian/Bone.
By the end of February, the company and Sumaida reached a sustained increase in their contribution to the 2023-2025 10gwh strategic cooperation project, a recent strategic cooperation agreement with Nannet energy storage technology, and a strategic collaboration with inobat/edison to explore the European/Japan storage energy market.
The company continues to deepen the integrated layout of the industrial chain, improving the whole chain layout from the end of the mineral resource/material end to the end of the battery recovery end. With regard to the lithium mine, the company has won 1.8 million tons of the White Water Hole/South Water Mine; 50,000 tons of the lithium carbonate smelting.
On the other hand, the sum of 200,000 tons of production capacity is planned for the new project, which is currently estimated to be more than 50% self-supply of lithium carbonate throughout the year. We believe that the self-supply of raw materials, such as lithium carbonate, in an integrated whole industry chain, will increase, and that future corporate cost advantages will become more pronounced and profitable.
The North American industry is the leading industry, with the prospect of higher dividends overseas. The company’s 23h1 offshore business achieved revenues of $3.06 billion, compared to +297 per cent, and sales abroad accounted for 20.1 per cent, compared to +11.2 per cent.
In addition to the construction in Michigan/Ilinoy State of 150,000 tons of lfp positive/negative 50,000 tons/core 40gwh/pack10gwhh production base, which is expected to be operational in 24 years, and the recent official launch of the German/Göttingen pack production line, which will continue in Viet Nam/Thailand/India.
The Division plans to produce 100 gwh overseas for 25 years. The company is now a global subscriber of standard public power cores, which are expected to cover 80% of mass-carrying models in the future, while the company deepens its strategic collaboration with companies such as the United States Rivian/Indiatata/Viet Namvinfast, and enters Renault-Direct III.
The diamond union supplier system. The company's voyage to the sea with popular shareholders will be well under way, and there will be much room for electric vehicle penetration abroad, which is now in urgent need, as the company's leading research assistant in the overseas layout: Wu Xingyang.
lfp Batteries, which are expected to reap high-speed dividends from overseas markets in the future, long-term public-profit forecasts and investment ratings: increased volatility of prices at the end of raw materials and competition in the battery industry, short-term increases in dividends, build-up of cost-side advantages under integrated layouts, and continuous improvements in corporate competitiveness are expected to open up new ones.
Growth curves, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. The source of financial growth in the East, corporate costs/profits have improved less than expected, and industry competition has increased more than expected.
002074: North America has the potential to reap the highest dividends from overseas, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the North American industry is on the verge of reaping high overseas dividends.
Wu Xing Qing is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.