The Māori rate has improved significantly in the third quarter, and the construction of the North American energy base is expected to accelerate.
The three-quarterly Māori rate has improved considerably in the third quarter of the China Sea Process, and in the first three quarters of 2023, the company collected $21.78 billion, compared to $21.78 billion.
+51%; parent net profit of $290 million, 95% of the year; non-mother net profit of $5,0765,000, +114% of the year. A marked improvement, mainly due to the build-up of the price of lithium carbonate overhang and the increase in the share of overseas customers. Considering the increased competition in the power storage battery industry, we lower the company ' s net profit forecast for 2023-2024.
Given the company’s leading position on the seaboard, the future of the package is solid, and the industry’s profitability is expected to increase significantly, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. • The expansion of the company’s overseas operations is accelerating, focusing on the process of new production landings in North America.
In 2023, the company was operating overseas, receiving $3.06 billion, or +297 per cent, of the foreign business of 2023h1. The company has entered and supplied the Renault-Japanese-Trithin Union supplier system and has become a fixed supplier in the mass automobiles overseas market, following which it will supply the entire series of vehicles to the mass automobiles group.
The government of the state of Xiegen has concluded contracts for the purchase of land for construction and special state subsidies, which are expected to contribute to the new growth momentum from 2016. The company's stock market has been certified by standards such as gb, ul, iec, Japan jet, etc.
"The Lithium Battery Industry Forwarders, Together with the Popular Rejuvenation of the Nation, the Companies Farming in China, the Towers, the National Power Network, Sumaida, Shanghai Electric, etc., New Machines - Corporate Insight Report 2023.3.29
Overseas, the company collaborates with well-known international companies such as abb, nextera, invenergy, jinko, borrego, and edison. At the same time, the third generation of the company has a series of customized cylinders, squares, etc.
A global target for the general public has been achieved, and it is hoped that the future will provide a new engine of growth.