According to the industry’s disclosed performance report, Jiangsu Bank’s growth rate was the highest, with a strong performance. The company’s asset quality and risk countervailing capacity increased further in 2019.
Structural adjustment optimized, both net interest income and investment returns maintained faster growth, leading to faster growth in the harvest.
In 2019, Jiangsu Bank grew 27.7% on a year-on-year basis, exceeding our expectations. Company harvests were higher than they were on the market, continuing the fast-growing momentum of the previous three quarters (+27.4%) and are expected to be among the top rankings of listed banks. The rapid growth in revenue collection was estimated to be the main source, in addition to the low base factors for the same period last year.
In 19 years, the firm actively adjusted its negative structure, with net interest income and investment returns increasing at a faster rate than in the previous year; net profits increased by 11.9 per cent in 2019 than in the previous three quarters by a smaller rate of 3.92 percentage points; and profits increased less than expected in the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of increased provision.
By the end of 2019, the total assets of Jiangsu Bank had increased by 7.23% to 0.07%, respectively, and the rate of growth of the company has slowed slightly over the four-quarter period. In terms of asset quality, the company has a negative rate of 1.38% and the ring has fallen by 1 bp, no.
At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the level of company provision, with coverage rings. Downwards in the economy have led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
In 2019, Jiangsu Bank grew 27.7% more than we expected. Corporate revenue grew at an absolute rate of 27.4% more than it was expected. The first three quarters (+27.4%) were followed by a rapid increase, which is expected to be at the top of the list of banks. The rapid increase in revenue was less than in the same period last year.
In addition to the low base factor, it is estimated that this is due mainly to the firm’s positive restructuring in 19 years, with net interest income and investment returns increasing at a faster rate than in the previous year. The company’s net profit increased by 11.9 per cent in 2019 on a year-on-year basis, which was less than the 3.92 percentage point recorded in the previous three quarters, and the profit growth rate was lower than anticipated by the revenue recovery, mainly as a result of the increased provision.
By the end of 2019, the total assets of Jiangsu Bank had increased by 7.23-1 to 0.07 per cent by year-on-year, and the size of the company had slowed down slightly in the fourth quarter. In terms of asset quality, the firm had a negative rate of 1.38 per cent, the ring had a decline of 1 bp, and the overall rate was lower in the industry.
According to the industry’s disclosed quick performance report, Jiangsu Bank’s growth rate was the highest. The firm’s assets were of sound quality, and the wind was able to compensate for further growth. In 2019, Jiangsu Bank was able to optimize both ends of the structural adjustment, with net interest earnings and investment returns growing faster and generating faster returns. We maintained Jiangsu Bank’s 2020/21 eps 1.50.68 forecast for 2020/21, corresponding to net profit growth at a rate of $1.50.68.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)