Jiangsu Bank (600919). Bad improvements, provision and reorganisation of commercial banks in good cities with innovative methods
100 million yuan, yoy+11.89%; 44,974 million yuan, yoy+27.68%; annual roe of 12.65%; new model of personal banking reform.
With the current economic downside pressure, and increased regional risk differentiation, the regional layout of banking has become one of the major factors affecting asset quality and soundness. Jiangsu Bank, based in Jiangsu province, operates mainly in the long triangle.
In 19 years, net profits increased by 11.89 per cent over the same period, up by 1.9 pct over 18 years, maintaining double-digit growth for four consecutive years, and achieving a lower or substantially higher cost of debt per basic interest rate. At the end of the asset: Jiangsu Bank is positioned to provide small or medium-sized services.
Businesses, urban and rural residents, in recent years, have achieved faster growth in the size of micro-credit, with a higher share; loan returns, corporate prudential controls, and good asset quality performance. By improving risk management systems, expanding the big data base, and reducing lending in high-risk sectors, asset quality has continued to improve.
The loan rate is 1.38 per cent, a decline of 1 bp over the same year. In the context of improved asset quality, the investment proposal is: to improve the space for interest differentials under optimal capital structure. The firm takes root in the real economy and is positioned to serve small and medium-sized enterprises.
As the restructuring of assets and liabilities advanced and the retail transition moved forward, the source of financial prosperity in the east rose by 27.68 per cent in 19 and 11.89 per cent in net profits.
It's 1.9 pccs faster than 18 years, and it's a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
East Hing Securities Company, Jiangsu Bank, 600919.
Research assistant profile
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.