Martinine, the net profit has grown steadily, and the net interest differential has risen. The net profit has increased by a season. In the first half of the year, the net profit of business banks has increased by 1.85 per cent over the same period, with q2 increasing by 2.33 per cent over the same quarter and q1 increasing by 0.96 pc over the same period.
Operating income increased by 1.25 per cent over the year, with interest-bearing asset size expansion resulting in interest net revenue increasing by 14.4 per cent compared to the same year, resulting in a recovery of the q2 net interest difference. The business bank net difference was 2.16 per cent in the first half of the year, the same as at the end of the 16-year period. On a single quarter, the average balance at the end of the period was measured to arrive at a net q2 interest difference.
The industry, as a large State-owned company, has sufficient liquidity, which is the source of money, and has fully benefited from higher interest rates. The main increase in mortgage lending has been the increase in public loans.
Loans in basic areas such as services, water, environment, and public facilities management. Inter-operator assets are larger than 3, reducing policy-based bank and financial debt. Deposits are growing steadily, and the scale of inter-operative liabilities continues to shrink: deposit indicators are generally good and the provision is higher.
This represents a net decrease of $37.511 billion at the end of 16 years, or between 0.43 pc and 2.23 per cent, and a significant improvement in asset quality. The negative rate of decline, the pressure of adverse generation, increased by only $5,271 million at the end of June, the highest level in the last five years, and the criteria for classification were determined to be stricter.
This improvement has been accompanied by an increase in the provision of over $61.3 billion in impairment losses in the first half of the year, more than in the same period last year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Business and Industry Bank operations are robust, profit growth is increasing at a quarterly rate, net interest differentials return 2. Banking topics: bank transfers are known and performance is good; loan holdings are growing steadily and asset and liability structures are robust.
The overall trend towards good ratings, a decrease in the negative rate, a decrease in the balance and ratio of interest to overdue category loans, is projected to be no. 3. Banking topics: bank refinancing advice, maintenance of an “uptake” rating.
Figure 4: Structure of bank charges and commission income by business and industry
Figure 8: Structure of deposits in business banks Figure 9: Quality of assets in business banks Figure 10: sufficiency of capital in business banks
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board