North China (002371.sz): Start the core, lead the future, Wu Wengi.
The company was re-established by the Seven Stars Electronics and Northern Microelectronics Strategy to serve as a base for the production of high-end electronics equipment and important high-precision electronics devices in the country, in the field of semiconductor equipment.
Core process equipment, such as thermal treatment, crystal growth, etc., is widely used in processes such as the manufacture of logical and storage devices to support the replacement of semiconductors with national production. In the field of vacuums and lithium power equipment, the company developed crystal growth equipment to enable green manufacturing such as new materials, new processes, new energy sources etc. In the field of precision electronic components, products such as stone crystals developed by the company drive the development of components in the direction of miniaturization, light quantification, and high precision. As electronic process equipment continues to break out, the company moved into a new phase of “100 million” crop development in 2022.
With regard to corrosion equipment, the company has released a dual-frequency combustible ccp medium etching machine to achieve full coverage of silicon etching, metal etching, medium etching. With regard to film equipment, the company's copper-interconnected film/aluminium film/tungsten film/mode/mediamap/tsv film/tsv metal deposition is the preferred platform for the mainstream chip plant.
In addition, the implementation of the three-phase equity incentive scheme in 2018/2019/2022 highlights the company’s long-term confidence in developing a solid talent base. The alternative to national production is that the company is expected to obtain significant orders based on the platform layout of core process equipment such as corrosion, membrane, cleaning, thermal treatment, crystal growth, etc., to support future performance growth.
Risks; human resource risks; downstream expansion less than anticipated risks. Platform-based layout semiconductor process equipment + vacuum and lithium power equipment + precision electronic components to move to a new phase of "10 billion" development
The first stock options scheme was awarded to register, the Uttar Pradesh stock market, the National Integrated Circuit Fund, the Beijing Power Control and the Kyoto State.
The SWF's participation in this offer, the stock options granted by the stock incentive scheme.
To complete the establishment of the naura researchinc. (Norwegian Silicon Valley Institute) in California, United States of America.
The U.S.'s income-generating acquisition of U.S. wide technology for radio frequency applications, the qualifications of the Technology Center, completed the acquisition of the Akrionsystemsllc Corporation of the United States.
In Beijing, the power plant integrated the original state 700, 706, 707, 718, 797 and 798.
Seven star electronics to North seven star electronics assets and operations, seven star electronics based on the Seven Stars group's main sponsor.
Seven Stars Electronics, Seven Stars Electronics.
In Shenzhen, North Microelectronics is controlled by Beijing by the Seven Stars Group,
The stock exchange, the electronic reorganisation, the name of the North Microelectronics changed to the name of North China in Beijing.
It's a brand-new tour of Qinghua University, Beijing University, Chinese College of Microelectronics.
(naura) vacuumtech semiconducor
The North is a vacuum, the North is a microelectronic, naura.
Semiconductor equipment, naura, North China, North China Innovative Energy.
Seven Stars is a sophisticated electron, sevenstar eight.
u u 8 North-Scientific Technology Group Inc.
Electronic process equipment continues to break out, moving into a new phase of development of the “10 billion class” — to serve as a domestic mainstream supplier of high-end electronic process equipment and an important base for the production of high-precision electronic components, the company's main product being electronics equipment (mainly semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment and new energy lithium equipment) and electronic components (mainly resists, capacitors, crystals)
The company's performance has grown robustly, thanks to strong product strength, with $14,688 million in 2022, officially entering the new phase of the development of the 100 billion class. According to the company's record of investor relations activities, as disclosed on 31 May, the company had sufficient hand orders in 2023.
New orders for January-May grew by more than 30% over the same period last year, mainly for integrated circuit equipment, to support the company’s future growth in performance. Māori region fluctuations are relatively robust, with continued expansion of R&D. Māori sector fluctuations are relatively robust: the share of other operations is very low, and the company’s combined Māori ratio is largely influenced by electronic process equipment and electronic components.
For 2,929 persons, or 29.27 per cent, R & D investment and patent applications have increased steadily for the third consecutive year. Companies will maintain strong R & D investments to accelerate the development of new products and the development of new technologies.
The scale effect continues to highlight the growing profitability of the company, which has benefited from a steady increase in the market share of the company's semiconductor equipment business and increased efficiency of operations, a steady increase in net profits and net non-return profits of the company, and a positive increase in net profits of 2,023h1 resulting in a net profit/deduction of non-returns of $1.799 billion, respectively, in comparison with the increase in net profits of $1.799 billion.009 billion.
Added R & D to expand process coverage, long-term incentives to build a solid human base, and the main indication of dry etching (dryetch) processes
Erosion equipment: full coverage of silicon etching, metal etching, medium etching process Figure 7: Aggregated parts of the company plasma etching equipment (crystal circle size, applicable materials and processes) Erosion equipment: new processes continue to break through
In the area of corrosion equipment, for customers such as 12 inches of logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, the company has completed the volume certification of hundreds of processes, and irp etching products have accumulated more than 2,000 cavities; 12 inches of plasma glue designed with high density and low damage have been certified and produced in several customers; metal etching equipment can be the preferred platform for the mainstream domestic customers with stable volume production; and the high depth and breadth of latsv has been upgraded.
The equipment supports the Chiplet process application by means of a customer-driven process; the 12 inch ccp crystal edge carving machine, which is used to improve the chip rate, has entered multiple production line certifications; and the two-frequency coupling ccp medium carving machine has been released, tailored to the customer's needs. Full coverage of silicon etching, metal etching, medium etching, etching process with etching capability for a variety of materials such as silicon, deep silicon, metal, medium, compound semiconductor, etc.
30 June 2023: The company sold 12 inches of silicon corrosion machines that broke through the 100th cavity, and helped the Chiplettsv process develop an important way to integrate chips with advanced encapsulations, as represented by the technology of tsv (throughsiliconvia, silicon pores).
▪ The company ' s forward-looking 12-inch advanced containment area, psev 300, became the main power plant for the production line of the country ' s tsv mass production in 2020. ▪ After three years of iterative updating, Psev300 has been gradually applied from its original 2.5d/3d containment area to power devices, image sensors and micromechanical power systems. 1 July 2023:
The company issues a 12-inch crystal edge etching machine for national production, creates a good rate-up professional solution, and the importance of the crystal edge etching machine as a strong guarantee of industry’s improvement is becoming more and more important. In recent days, the company has officially released a 12-inch plasma etching machine for the beveletch process, accurabe, to achieve a “zero” breakthrough in the state’s crystal edge dry etching equipment.
accurabe has just been placed on the market and, with the help of excellent process homogeneity and multiple orders from the head clients in the storage area, has been tested through the process and has entered the production phase.
In June 2023, North China officially released 12 inches of decoupling acei 300, opening a new version of 12 inches of corrosion. acei 300 is used mainly for 12 inches of storage, logic, image sensors, etc., to decouple after corrosion (postechstrip) and ion after injection.
Trip, descum, surface treatment, etc. The decomposition process is fully covered. Several key process indicators are advanced. Erosion equipment: wide range of applications, excellent performance Chart 8: Partial aggregation of the company plasma etching equipment (application area and equipment characteristics)
Technical overview of film equipment Chart 9: Technical classification and comparison of film deposition equipment Plasma-enhanced atoms
Atmospheric pressure atomary sediment, thermal atomary sediment, space atomary sediment.
Electrochemical Atomic Layer Sediment, Fluid Bed Type, Layer Sediment Peald
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Atomic layer deposition Framing equipment: pvd, cvd, ald all-over film equipment, company breakthroughs in a number of core key technologies such as physical gas phase deposition, chemical gas phase deposition and atomic layer deposition, copper interconnection film
Sediments, aluminium film depositions, tungsten film depositions, diaphragm depositions, tsv, film depositions, back metal depositions, etc. are the preferred platforms for mainstream chip plants in the country, which are widely applied in the areas of integrated circuits, power devices, advanced envelopes and accumulate over 3,000 cavities, supporting the production applications of mainstream domestic customers.
Figure 10: A summary of the physical gas phase deposition equipment component of the company The thin film equipment: pvd, cvd, ald full coverage The sleeper pecvd, developed by the company itself, has successfully entered the overseas market to provide solutions for a number of advanced international photovoltaic manufacturing plants.
Significant breakthroughs have been made in the techniques of thermal heating, air currents, temperature field simulation simulations, etc., resulting in excellent extenuating results and bulk purchases of multiple national mainstream production lines. Pecvd equipment for the led membrane sedimentation in the field has become an extension-of-optimal device for the led client, thanks to excellent process performance and productivity advantages. Technology indicators for the compounds semiconductor, carbonated silicon-extension equipment.
All have reached industry advanced levels, and bulk stations have stabilized production across major mainstream manufacturers.
Figure 12: Categorization of thermal treatment equipment Oxygen: an added process by placing silicon chips in high temperature furnaces, adding oxygen to their reaction, in crystal tables Oxygen furnaces
Silicon dioxide is formed on the face of a cubic furnace. Proliferation: moving the substance from a high concentration to a low concentration through molecular thermal activity, which can be achieved using the diffusion process.
Thermal treatment, spreading furnaces, bedplace stoves.
Silicon bedding with specific blends, thereby changing the conductivity of semiconductors, but increasing art, dispersiveness and lack of independent control over the concentration and depth of the adulterates compared to ion injections, are now less and less applied. Fire-fighting: a heating process that produces specific physical and chemical changes in crystals by heating them up and in crystals.
Fast-release rtp round surface increases or removes a small amount of material.
Tile furnace equipment: With regard to the cumulative delivery of more than 500 stand-barrelled stoves, the company ' s medium-temperature oxidation/release furnaces, high-temperature oxidation/release furnaces, low-temperature alloy furnaces, low-pressure chemical gas-phase deposition furnaces, batch prototype subsurface sediment furnaces have become mass production equipment for the main domestic customers, and repeated orders have been obtained on an ongoing basis, with a cumulative delivery of more than 500 items, with an excellent quantity
Production stability recognized by mainstream clients in the fields of logic, storage, power, encapsulation, liner material.
Figure 15: Summary of equipment in the company ' s new energy photovoltaic application field Chemical gas phase deposition equipment Gas measurement control
▪ With regard to the bed pipe equipment, the company provides oxidation, plasmaization, agglomeration, phosphorus, monocrystal furnaces, based on three technical platforms: oxidation, plasma deposition, low-pressure chemical deposition.
The remaining 20 process equipment, e.g., oxidation of fire, positive/retail nitrous silicon deposition, multi-crystal silicon sedimentation, multi-crystal silicon mixing, oxidation layer deposition, heterogeneous non-crystal silicon membrane deposition, etc., applies to a variety of technical route processes such as perc, topcon, hjt, etc., to achieve full coverage of mainstream customers.
Outgoing equipment has huge market opportunities in times beyond the Moor Law (the technology nodes cover 180 nm to 7 nm) and, as application expands, the silicon market and includes arsenic thorium (gaas), nitrous thorium (gan),
Other markets, such as silicone carbide (sic) and phosphorus (inp), are growing at a significant annual compound rate, and because of the stringent quality requirements for the selection of these materials, extended equipment such as mocvd, bee and htcvd are required to grow ultra-pure membrane and nanostructures.
Figure 16: Market size projections for extended equipment (in millions of United States dollars) and drivers Outer equipment: Outer process equipment is fully covered and accumulated at nearly 1,000 cavities
The company, as a pioneer in technology for Chinese and foreign extension equipment, started work on the development of extension equipment as early as 2010, after more than a decade of technological deposition and innovation, with products such as sic extenuators, silicon silicon extension furnaces, more than 6/8 inches of silicon extension furnaces, 8 inches of silicon exterior furnaces, 12 inches of silicon.
A single silicon excavator, etc., producing more than 20 items of product-type extension equipment has been released, with a cumulative output of nearly 1,000 cavities.
From the successful arrival of silicon extension equipment into the client ' s client base in 2012 to the present, with a variety of material extensions, full coverage from 4 inches to 12 inches: single and multiple pieces of technical capability including single crystallized silicone, multi-crystal silicon, carbonated silicone (sic), nitrous americium
Large-capacity silicone extension equipment, 12 inches silicon outreach equipment, 4/6/8 inches of carbonated silicone (gan), phosphorus platinum (inp), etc., covering integrated circuits, power devices, radio frequency, extension equipment, single silicone nitrous nitrides and multiple large-yielding nitrous nitrous nitrides at 0800 hours and below
Application needs in areas such as semiconductor lighting. Outgoing equipment: continuous innovation of critical technologies such as multi-area temperature control technologies 8 a.m. silicon outreach equipment: breaking the competitive pattern of industry into mainstream baseline (benchmark) products within industry, almost out of the country to date.
▪ 12 inches of normal pressure silicon extension equipment: a series of key technologies were broken and widely recognized in the market: in the field of power devices, more than 200,000 continuous units have been produced on the client end to date; in the area of silicon materials, stable production has been achieved on the client end and key indicators have been achieved internationally; in the area of silicon extension products, nearly 200 products have been sold and are now in the middle of the market. For the 8 inch carbonated silicon market, companies are forward looking.
The 6/8 inch-compatible silicon outreach equipment developed will be put into the market and will significantly reduce client operating costs. Key technologies: through continuous innovation, a range of key technologies, such as air currents, heating fields, airway systems, temperature control, pressure control, motion systems, etc., are broken down and optimized, and can be customized and developed to meet customer needs.
Figure 19: Key technology for company outreach equipment Overview of cleaning equipment Global semiconductor cleaning equipment market breakdown, 2019
Purge equipment: Single + slot, used mainly in 12 inches of integrated circuits, clean equipment, owned by the company and used mainly in 12 inches of integrated circuits. Single scrubber, covering the entire process of the ai/cu process, is a superior platform for the back-tracking of mainstream domestic manufacturers; slot scrubbers, covered by rca, gate, prstrip,
The process of phosphate, recycle, etc., and the production of volume products at multiple clients, with repeated orders. Figure 21: Corporate cleaning equipment component summary. Corporate electronic components: radio frequency + flow meters, two main types of layout
Figure 22: Production layout of North Guangtech and Seven Star Flow meters under the corporate flag
Television transmission equipment. ltd. Television transmission equipment consists mainly of analogue television transmitters.
The cs series quality flow controllers & traffic meters: cs series products use international leading technology Digital television transmitters and transponders three, product series 66 national patents were declared and obtained, of which pct2 and invention patent 24.
Modular design, covering the 10w-10kw medium-sized and small d07 series of mass flow controllers & flow meters: mass flow controllers (mfc) mass traffic levels
(mfm) is an industrial automation instrument, d07 series mfc/mfm is an analogue volume with no loss of time due to temperature and pressure fluctuations, good repetition, automatic measurement control, medium- and short-wave broadcasting launch equipment
Makes a pressure range feature. ds mass flow controller: ds series mfc is a pressure digital product, gas, in the field of sw transmitter products, owned by North Hiroshima.
Quality flow control, measurements provide high accuracy and reliability. 30/50/100/150/300/500kw series transmitters are capable of operating at 3.2mhz~22mhz
3.9 mhz ~ 26.1 mhz optional) pc series pressure controller products based on advanced technology development for cs series products, various technologies FM broadcast launch equipment
Technical indicators are highly accurate, responsive, repetitive, easy to communicate, easy to communicate, expansionary and compatible, in strict accordance with the semi criteria, and include mainly FM stereo transmitters and cdr digital sound.
A frequency radio transmitter, product serialization, modular design covering 10w-20kw power levels, medium and small, cooling methods including wind and liquid cooling.
Flow monitors and calculators are used to provide working power sources, operating controls, flow setting and flow numerical displays and aggregate flows for gas quality flow controllers (mfc) and quality flow meters (mfm) and are divided into single and multichannels with multiple channels with multiple flow displays.
In recent years, a large number of solid mfc/mfm have been provided to national and international scientific institutions, which can work independently from each other.
And so on, it's already applied to large-scale test equipment such as magnetic fluid seals, subaccelerators, synchronizing radiation sources, etc. in a number of countries and regions around the world.
Multi-equity incentives: long-term incentives to build a solid human base