North China nauratechnologygroup (002371ch) limitedimpactforusrestriction; localfetomaintaintaintingview focus invesmentfocus
(pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) Maintained better than the major city maintainoutperform event: 3q23 produced revenues of $6.16 billion (+35% qoq/+35%)
At the end of the second quarter, the company continued to grow by $8.59 billion.
The equipment revenue was $12.9 billion, an increase of 63 per cent over the same period.e-s-g: 0-5, (pleasereferteappendixforescomments) bis sanctions have had limited impact, light speeds are not an extension bottleneck: the U.S. bis was released late on 17th
The new version of the restriction bill adds controls on a number of devices that meet specific parameters: light, sediment, rmb136.20bn/us$18.61bn corrosion, extrapolation, etc.
We$193.11mn assigns all asml sales of immersionduv to governance, but asml states that control of the nxt:1980di series affects only a few crystals with advanced manufacturing processes.
A round factory (for a specific factory, not a company), does not require US permission to deliver goods to the rest of the customers. On the other hand, asml, with the approval of the Dutch government, can provide Chinese customers with advanced duv (nxt: 2000 and above) on a continuous basis until the end of the year, and in the middle of the third quarter.
The region receives €2.44 billion (46%), and the four-quarters share will continue to rise. We believe that the country’s crystal mills will be supplied with sufficient light-engineing machines, which, in medium-term dimensions, are not a bottleneck for advanced processes and maturation.
The cycle ends with a 24-year period of domestic wfe growth: the current semiconductor cycle has shown signs of recovery, and demand for end-products such as hpc and smartphones is gradually warming, while crystals, the production capacity of the circular logical process has begun to rise, and downstream stocks are back to normal water.
Ping. In the event of a cycle of backlash, we believe that the rate of expansion of the mill will accelerate. On the other hand, at the 3rd quarter of the lamresearch performance meeting, the world would switch from wfe to $80bn or more (previously projected at $75bn), mainly from China.
Correspondingly, we now expect China’s wfe market to grow by 2023/2024. We suggest that follow-up attention be given to the expansion of priority projects, including the domestic head crystallization plant’s Beijing extension project, and long-term dualization.
Valuations and recommendations: The current corporate valuation is more attractive, and the valuation of the company ' s partner, MSMEs, remains unchanged) and maintains a better rating than that of the major market; shocks profitability; and 4) production performance is not released as expected.
Zhou Yangzhou Podunjeffpu, cfa the Zhao ark fangzhuzhao