Overseas + Emerging Businesses continues to expand with increased profitability 28.31% Māori (+0.41 ptt) and net sales interest rate 10.36% (+1.14 ptt).
Companies have consistently adhered to internationalized development strategies, continuing to break through developing regions such as Latin America, Africa, India, as well as the European Union and other developed-country regions such as North America, with more diversified overseas markets and better regional marketing structures. At the same time, companies have deepened their direct marketing systems abroad and strengthened capacity-building in airports.
To date, more than 30 level I operating air ports and over 370 level II networks have been established globally, and company prices are at a point of comparison with depth of 300. The total number of localized workers worldwide is over 3,000, with product coverage in more than 140 countries and locations.
At the same time, the company continues to promote the expansion of its overseas R & D manufacturing base.
• Accelerating the growth of new and emerging businesses and fostering new growth poles of high-quality development. The company has invested in promoting the coordinated development of old and new plates. In the first half of 2024, in the three traditional mechanical plates of concrete machinery, engineering and construction cranes, the company increased its value and sold inefficient products.
In the first half of the year, according to the Central Report, the volume of plate sales increased by more than 19% over the same period.
For the most complete high-altitude equipment manufacturer in the country, sales grew by more than 17% in the first half of the year.
We look forward to the long-term growth of the company and maintain the previous forecast of profitability: 2024-2026.
1) Domestic industry needs are not as high as expected; 2) overseas markets are not expanding as expected; 3) receivables are recovered and risk is reduced to bad debt readiness; 4) industry competition is intensified; and the use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report, both from open information in the market and from myself, is made available to them.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.