Overseas structural income is good, farm business is good. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
Overseas revenues have continued to rise and regional structures have been optimized. Companies have been able to increase their sales in air ports, achieving significant cross-border development of overseas operations, with 24h1 generating $12.48 billion abroad, or +43.90 per cent.
At the same time, the company has continued to promote network construction and layout, building more than 30 level-I operating air ports and over 370 level-II hubs worldwide, sunk the site from regional hubs to important cities, benefiting more than 3,000 localized workers worldwide.
Internationalized development strategies, with companies now breaking through markets in developing regions such as Latin America, Africa and India, as well as in developed regions such as the European Union and North America, the former Middle East, Central Asia and South-East Asia, with sales falling to about 36 per cent of the three main “food zones”, more diversified overseas markets, and more optimized regional distribution structures.
The new business is growing and the farm business is doing well. 2024h1 company’s new business portfolio is earning \triangleright.
Deep-farming “along” towards new opportunities for company development-20. The share of the domestic market for large excavators is at the forefront of the industry; 2) high-altitude machinery: $3.95 billion, yoy+27.40 per cent, yoy+1.05 pct. Launching of the first glass curtain wall smart installation system in the industry, power drive
Systems security control techniques, end-of-arms straight-line movement control techniques, etc., have already achieved bulk loads; 3) Agricultural machinery: 2,343 million yuan, yoy + 112.5 per cent, Māori rate 13.61 per cent, yoy + 5.09 pct. Companies, while overall tractor sales are growing rapidly, dryers are at the top of the domestic industry and wheat machines are at the top of the industry.
The company’s 24h1 operating profits are approximately 2,841 million yuan, compared to \triangleright.
Gains and losses, and subsequent company profits are expected to return to normal growth. Investment proposal: taking into account the firm’s strong position in the engineering and machinery market, the emerging business is well under way, overseas \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.