The system of overseas operations has continued to grow, helping to raise both profits — the Central and Central United Nations Section (000157.sz) incident evaluation report.
ivzy@cfsc.com.cnh1 realized operating income of $24,535 million (+1.91 per cent of the year), resulting in a net profit for yousw@cfsc.com.cn
The increase in net profit from repatriation is mainly due to the asset disposal gains generated by company h1 in 2024 The prospects for agricultural machinery are great and it is expected to create new business growth points, and in recent years the country's policy for related industries such as “high-end equipment” and “smart agriculture”
In addition, the State has put in place a policy of land flow that enables land to be connected and managed on a scale that allows it to take full advantage of modernity in actual agricultural production.
Agricultural machinery, which will effectively drive the demand for agricultural machinery, offers great prospects for the development of the agricultural machinery industry. In the first half of 2024, corporate agricultural machinery operated +5.09 pct) and was relatively profitable.
The company is expected to build a new business growth point in the agricultural machinery block.
The company's continued drive for global direct sales, “end-to-end, digitization, localization”, continued breakthroughs and significant gains in profitability. The system was constructed and, as of the end of June, about 400 offshore site layouts had been completed.
The cumulative number of offshore bases and factories is close to 15, with help companies operating at high speed overseas, 2, and the Central United Heavy Section (000157): a high profit rate of 7.5 pct, indicating that the system of direct overseas sales operations has been effective in driving overseas operations.
Research and development centres, manufacturing plants, distribution networks, service teams around the country have been continuously improved and upgraded, firm foundations have been laid by the steady growth of companies in international markets, branding has increased rapidly, and overseas operations are expected to evolve across borders.
The cost of the company period is 18.38% (year-on-year +1.57 pct) and the recovery rate is increasing faster than the rate of the period.
Of this total, the sales cost was 7.75 per cent (year-on-year +0.71 pct), mainly due to increased costs associated with sales off-sea markets and 4.74 per cent (year-on-year +1.15 pct), mainly due to higher cost of shares related to employee holding schemes
Add. The increase in operating costs during the reporting period is mainly due to the increased cost of sales due to the rapid development and layout of the company's new business and offshore operations, which are currently being built in smart parks, which are being further managed at the end with the company's sales scale.
The risk of changes in the macroeconomic environment and the business environment of the related industries: market competition risks; the risk of price volatility of major raw materials; the risk of overseas operations; and customer concentration
The Mechanical Group presents Maozheng: Master of Arts in Materials, University of Akdan, five years of experience in commodity securities investment.
Lu Dzhoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research and development, Lu Chenjian: Master of Arts, April 2023, and Master of Arts, August 2023, Chinese Securities.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.