Incidents: In recent days, the Central and Central Quaker Section has published a 2024-month report, with steady growth in the operation of earth machinery and high machines, and a high increase in agricultural machinery. 2024h1, the operation of earth machinery generated 3,516 million yuan, an increase of 19.89 per cent.
Large digs, micro-digging product spectrometry, based on the world's leading lighthouse factory, rapidly improves product competitiveness. The domestic market focuses on head-to-head, mining, and the product wins the customer by billions of dollars, an increase of 17.75%. High-altitude machinery enhances innovation in technology and products.
The core competitive edge in technology, quality, cost, and services is stronger, with the most complete high-altitude equipment manufacturer in the country. The company’s high-power electrodynamic technology continues to lead by leading the industry’s new generation-driven IEC.
In the first half of the year, agricultural machinery received 2,343 million yuan, an increase of 112.51%. Agricultural machinery optimized the power of engineering machinery and optimized the structure of the product.
To promote product upgrading, full-scale efficiency gains, full-scale upscaling, intelligence, and greening of products. Dryers are the first in the domestic industry, wheat machines the second in the industry; tractors are sold as a whole; and there is a rapid increase in the market for new corn machines, rice machines, plugs, and agricultural machinery.
The Māori rate for overseas operations is 32.13%, which is 7.50 pct higher than for domestic operations. Firm internationalization and development strategies accelerate the expansion of overseas markets.
The market breakthroughs in the European Union and other developed-country regions, such as North America, the diversification of overseas markets and the further optimization of regional marketing structures, will result in corporate performance pressure if the demand for domestic firms in overseas markets is reduced; (3)
A “market index” for this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; and a new three-board reference of three indexes. Investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “middle- and low-risk” studies, and “stable” investors are only suitable for risk levels not higher than “medium-risks.”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.