We've got a new chapter for the photovoltaics on the 3rd of May 2021.
The company's annual report for 2020 has generated revenue of $33.253 billion.
This represents an increase of 10.02% over the same period. The net return to the mother is 6,427 million yuan, an increase of 70.85% over the same year, an increase of -1.59 ptt. The ecological upgrading of channel operations is continuously promoted, direct sales are further developed, and competition over the sea is highlighted. 1) The distribution of channels over the 20-year period has generated revenues of 11,113 million yuan, a rise of +2.8% over the same period.
Distribution channels have been further strengthened, with the launch of the Blue Sea Initiative in regional management and the establishment of marketing companies with front-hand distributors; branding of brands and branding houses, industrial supermarkets, and the like. (2) Direct sales over 20 years have generated about 2 billion dollars, compared to 11.1 per cent; direct sales of focused properties/
Power/new energy/communications/industry/building six major industries, and more than 60 leading customers in sub-sectors, are expected to achieve a breakthrough of nearly 50 major clients in the current year; 3) international operations are less affected by the epidemic, orders are received.
The component is robust. 1) Operating profits are stable, the distribution is growing faster and the concentration is rising.
Low-pressure recovery, direct sales, grid delivery of power station epc, steady implementation of domestic and foreign projects, over 20 years of sales of components 2, reported in "Jeong-tae Electric (601877).
Queries: q2 one-season ups, leadership resilience  profit predictions and investment ratings: We are strong, because the fair value of controlled technology has a greater impact on corporate profits
The company released its annual report for 2020, which generated business income of $33,253 million, an increase of 10.02% over the reporting period. Excluding the control of equity participation, o1 saw a significant increase in profits. 21o1 companies generated $6,869 million in operating income, an increase over the same period.
20,55%; net profit of the parent company of $121 million, a 64,52% decline in the same year and a 96.41% decline in the ring. The elimination of low-pressure appliances is expected to contribute more than 70% of the profits and increase significantly.
q2 Māori ratios are expected to return to normal levels, with material hedges, optimize product structures, etc. 20 years of return, continued ecological upgrading of channel operations, further expansion of direct sales, and a strong competitive advantage overseas. “Operation Blue Sea” was launched at the end of the year, and sales companies were set up with head dealers to strengthen distribution channel interests.
Direct sales are directed to industry head-to-head clients, with sustained activity for 20 years. Direct sales have generated about 2 billion dollars, equivalent to +11.1 per cent of total sales over 20 years. Direct sales focus on six major industries, namely, real estate/electricity/new energy/communications/industry/capital construction.
Prominent customers in the industry, the electricity sector, with a strong share in the two networks and a further upturn in the bid ratio, grasping opportunities for electricity grid change; strategic collaboration between real estate construction and more than 40 headlines, 30 of which have started to supply; continued growth in oems and successful customer outreach; communications to the Chinese supply chain, 5g1u cut off
The first 20,000 purchases were made; new sources of energy, industry, and infrastructure were at the start of the boom. 21q1 were set up as nine major clients, and it is hoped that nearly 50 major clients will make a breakthrough this year.
The company’s data centre project, Chile’s engie wind power project, and many other projects. By customizing its in-depth products, a single smart circuit breaker entered the Saudi National Electricity Company with an order of more than 200 million yuan.
Camp electricity still contributes to a stable profit, with household headline status unchanged, high-stealing, pc, and robust components. Operating profits are stable, with faster distribution growth and a steady increase in concentration. Operating photovoltage capacity at the end of 20 years reached 5.48gw, compared to +58.4 per cent, with a distribution of 3.97gw, compared to +76.4 per cent.
Households are potential high-speed growth points in the company’s photovoltaic operations, and the business model is supported by leasing and sales. Twenty years, household head markets are strong, with 1.8gw installed, and we expect to achieve more than 3gw in over 21 years, with more than 60 per cent of new household loads and more than 70 per cent of the rental model.
The power station epc was delivered on schedule, the cost of the pc, quality control was excellent, and projects at home and abroad were stable; the components, batteries, were further enhanced, and the components were sold more than 5.2gw over 20 years, an increase of more than 39%.
Processes that facilitate the optimization of corporate personnel structures, the matching of positions of authority, the rejuvenation of corporate organizational capacity, the construction of diversified incentive safeguards compatible with the position of industry poles, the enhancement of organizational effectiveness and human effectiveness, and the creation of an international, composite pool of talent that adds value to international operations.
Cash flows have remained generally stable, with inventories rising as a result of the tightening of raw materials, and receivables have been better managed and reduced on a quarterly basis. The net cash flow inflows from operating activities in 2020 amounted to $4,806 million, a decrease of 3.87 per cent compared to the previous year, with operating cash running days increasing by 22.60 to 96.59 days.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: because the fair value of controlled technology has a greater impact on corporate profits, we have a profit forecast.