In-depth study of the wine, the old cellars, the old cellars, the old cellars.
In-depth study/food beverages .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In China, the White Wine Triangle, with its largest and oldest national treasure pool, is a quality guarantee for its products. People and: in 2015, the "Standards" took office, taking a number of steps in marketing, product strategies, channel models, and marketing teams, correcting the course of corporate development and vowing to bring companies back to the first three.
With regard to the cellars, there are no high-end white tickets in the industry, benefiting from low price runs.
With the high-end white wine price space, the national cellar 1573 is expected to continue to benefit from the high-end white wine expansion in the future with a view; with regard to the state cellars, the company has seized the opportunity of a virtuous development of the middle price and above, operating the special to $300 in recent years.
• Actively building a community of interests, the channel model is flexible and efficient in accelerating corporate development.
During the industry adjustment period, the Quantities model became evident, and the company then created a brand-based model that, while ensuring that the strategic intent of the company could be successfully implemented, the channel was fully activated and helped to grow in the future.
In the short term, due to the low structure and evener balance of the company's products, low- and medium-priced products are hampered by the impact of the epidemic, but the company is active and responsive, and the epidemic is expected to have a one-time impact on the company and recovery is on its way; in the medium term, it is clear that the company's 14th Five-Year Strategy is clear that the sword of the cellar is a new $10 billion, with a partial breakthrough to accelerate the depth of nationalization: long-term
In recent years, companies have maintained core terminals and consumers at the micro level, and have increased brand promotion at the macro level, promoting high-quality brand images, with future growth shifting from channel-driven to brand-led growth. The averaging method) maintains a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s future growth and stronger brand power.
The macroeconomic downward pressure, the growth of the cellar, the recovery of the intermediate liquor, and the cost-control measures have not been as effective as expected.
2. Cedars (000568). High-end recovery is clear, business efficiency is improving to open up profit spaces, and time is good for people and time is good for them, and time is good for them, and time is good for them.
1.1 Days: From the beginning of Qin Han's life, wine brewing was born in the south of Chuan Province. Tang and Song Si Jinzhou are known for their good wine.
In 1573 A.D., the first wine-breeding and wine-breeding saloon in Yiuzhou (Ming Dynasty calendar year) was created, and later renamed the “Insein Burns” when the new China was founded, the State introduced public-private partnerships for business and industry, bringing together 36 Mingqing and Sichuan Province's first brewery, headed by the “Win Young Seong Burns” to form the “Public-Private Co-operative Winners” and the “Public-Governance Bar” in Sichuan Province.
The old cellar is the only strong white wine of the five-time joints, with a reputation for its development. The strong white wine, once referred to as the "smelling" wine, was increasingly represented at the five-time wine fairs in the history of the new China.
In 1957, the Sichuan provincial government organized a final review of the manufacturing process in the Sichuan province. Fifteen units, 59 technicians, conducted a six-monthly study and published China's first white wine-making professional textbook, "Shuzhou old cellar", in 1959.
"Big Liquor" as a technical guide to industry, leading to the development of strong white wine, and the prominent position of the old cellars of Xiangzhou, which are recognized by industry and consumers as “sheltery, sweet, sweet, sweet, fragrant, clean and still.” Table 2: The old cellar brand honours of Xiangzhou.
1.2 Litres: Over a hundred years of silos, treasures of wealth, and the development of the old stubs in Xiangzhou is not only a build-up of time, but also a gift of glorified geography.
Daytime between 1,200 and 1400 hours, and the 300 to 358 days of frost-free time, have made the uniquely high sorghum quality in Kawanan, near Suzhou, especially the most famous wine-breeding-specific sorghum in the old cellars of Kyongzhou, which is why they insist on single-food wine and good-food wine.
Figure 2: China's white wine triangle with the largest and oldest reservoir in the country's history. It's over 400 years old. It's not like the sarcophagus and the salves of white wine.
As the years of use have grown, micro-organisms have become more abundant, and the taste of wine in the cellars has become more pronounced, with the old cellar pools being a prerequisite for high-quality, strong and white wine. An old cellar has been selected twice a year for the “Preparatory List of the World Cultural Heritage of China” in March 2013 as the seventh national priority for the conservation of cultural heritage.
At the same time as wine is brewing day and night, the national cellar pond is also a material and cultural heritage common to mankind.
1.3 and "Standards" open a new chapter in the old cellars. 1.3.1 The history of the old cellars in the old state of the Queens.
Boss, the total amount of sales and profits tax is far greater than the sum of the other four of the "five golden flowers" of the Timekawa wine. In 1988, the country liberalized the price control of 13 wines, and five grain fluids and huts began a price increase cycle, with four price increases from 1989 to 2003, during which time the old cellars and Shanxi wine decided to join because of the negative impact of policy and economic factors on the industry.
At the beginning of the new century, the cellars entered high-end markets at 1573 entry points and regained brand power. Market prices were 20-30% higher when the cellars were listed.
Yearly cultivation began to grow, with peak sales reaching 4,500 to 5,000 tons, becoming the main source of corporate revenue. But, because of the looseness of the two-edged sword and the excessive reliance of manufacturers on the dynamism of distributors, when the industry was over-regulating, the state cellars were misjudged, the harvest was rapidly shrinking, and the state cellar was sold in the 15-year period.
To complement the weaknesses of the Fountain model, the “combined fist” on the front line of the market, which is directly owned by the manufacturer and supported by the dealer’s share, has allowed the old cellars in the state to regain brand power. The “fence group” is in danger and is to correct the path of development.
In July 2015, Liu Xing became Director General and Director of Lin Feng. In the White Wine industry, two people were young and highly experienced in selling first-line jobs, while in 1998 they were selected by the company as first-line salesmen to open up the white market, responding to the company’s call for “first-class people to manage production, top-class people to market”.
The experience of grass-roots sales has enabled two people to understand the way the white industry operates and develops, and has led to a recovery from the valley in the Penang State cellar. At the critical juncture of the “strikes” the crowds have “crowded with the fall and the build-up of the towers.” In the marketing system, a competitive marketing strategy has been launched since 2015, forming a new strategic system of the “Four-Four-Tour-One-Type Centre”: the four are always sales companies that will bring all their teams together.
Aggregation, divided into four main functions; three lines of high-, medium- and low-level management of products; one centre is the Centre for Innovation Development; in addition to organizing structural adjustments, Laos and old people have pursued a single-goods strategy in terms of products and prices, in conjunction with brand companies; five rounds of bar code clean-up over two years, with a total of 2,841 bar codes and 8638 material numbers frozen and removed to focus on resources;
On the other hand, it has continued to improve the legacy of the Quantino model by building a more stable core client coalition, promoting distribution models based on client alliances, controlling profit points, promoting decentralization in sales team-building, optimizing the cost-infusion approval process, improving efficiency, and engaging the company itself in setting up a marketing team to participate in front-line market operations.
Figure 6: "Standards" after taking up his post, initiated reforms to drug the disease, "Pharma" and "disorder"
The new strategic system of the "Four-Four-Tour-One Centre", where sales are heavily dependent on distributors, manufacturers are responsible only for the products, the clustering of sales teams, and strict product management.
Production, lack of orderly planning, definition of the national cellar, the old cellar branding strategy, determined development of five major products, lack of product focus, distributors, top-end products.
Product strategy Strategic monolithics, cleaning product lines, branding back, branding down.
The move to brand-only corporate model, where companies are directly involved, has led to a greater voice for distributors, manufacturers, and channels.
Market operations, promotion of the “direct distribution” and control board-discount model, lack of market sensitivity not involved in market operations.
Close liaison with the salesmen of branding companies, rehiring, looser relationships with companies, and the Division's own establishment of sales teams for front-line operations.
After both took over, they set the ambitious goal of “returning to the first three,” which now ranks seventh in the market market market for white wine in Pittang County, which has grown to fourth place, with income rankings from fifth to fourth, and returns to 10 billion in 14 years. As a result, Cedar County has rapidly moved back to recovery growth, back to its peak in sales.
Figure 8: Corporate indicators are stable after 16 years 2 products: large monolithic strategy is clear, the national cryptic twin-track 2.1 product strategy is clear and development prospects are promising
To solve the problem of dilution of brand power, the new management immediately developed the product line, requiring that the bar code for products with a sales value of less than half a million be removed uniformly. By the end of 18, there were only more than 400 BD bar codes, with a 90% reduction, which is a significant improvement over the 8,700 at the beginning of 15 years.
In 2015, the “Three Lines, Five Super Monuments” strategy was proposed: five Super Monographs built around the country's customers 1573, guest wines and old Chinese guests (specials, headlines and dubbes), firmly advancing the “double 124” project, building 100 three terminals, 200 second class terminals, 400 category A terminals. That is, maintaining the core terminals, serving the core consumer: in 2017, “three” was further clarified.
Lines: The cellars rose to the height of the “sweet wine” with a return of value; the intermediate product was quickly repositioned, the product occupied, and the price belts pre-positioned; the popular product featured the “popular consumer first brand” and recovered steadily. In 2018, it became clear that the two brands of “country guest 1573” and “state guest” operated. The company held high-end white wine tickets.
One of the three high-end white wines in the cellar, with its public consumption base and slogans, is an example of a rare two-brand operation. The product strategy for long-term development and the preservation of the image of the product is the basis for the return to the first three.
Promotion of nationalization: The medium and sub-high price belts are dominated by specials and wines of the same age, with even distribution of prices, and win consumer preference for products of good quality and value, while full-value product coverage is also conducive to the enjoyment of the consumer-upgrading dividend and supports and sustains each other: the low-end wines are taken over by two traditional products: the head and the second, with branding power accumulated in the old cellars of the developing states.
The unique position of high-end alcohol makes it extremely high. At the demand side, high-end alcohol is considered human.
At the end of the supply, the production of alcohol and high-end white wine is very low compared to the low- and medium-level, with a scarcity of resources and brand names in the high-end white market.
High-end white ticketing, a well-known product with brand and product power, comes only from a long and persistent effort by a wine factory, rather than from a latent debate, with 93% of the three cities. China’s high net worth population increases and income raises the power of high-end alcohol.
Between 2006 and 2018, China’s high net worth rose from 180,000 to 1.97 million, and the cagr to 23% in the future.
The white wine industry is expected to continue to benefit from a structural improvement in consumer consumption capacity. For example, the high-end white wine multi-characterized booster.
According to the survey, the rise in the prices of the huts reflects a recovery in consumer capacity and a relatively inadequate supply from producers, and the rise in the consumption attributes of the batches; from a financial attribute perspective, the consumer’s demand for high-end white wine is influenced by the perception of the white wine “for a long time,” which has led to a further upward trend. The multi-diploma resonance has led to an increase in the prices of high-end white wine, which has provided a room for alcohol companies to increase their prices.
These factors will be combined in the growth of high-end white wine.
In the 1990s, the old cellars lost their prices, and in order to catch up with the development of the five grain fluids and the Guo State court, the company opted to launch a brand-new monolith to attack high-end wine, known for the size of the wine cellars that began to grow in 1573 A.D. and continue to be used to this day.
There was a problem of excessive redundancy in distributors' development products, but the country's 1573 series has been priced at high prices without any excessive dilution of the brand power of the “state cellar”. In terms of product quality, the base wine used in the old cellars in the state of Yu, after five years of storage, is used longer than the base wine of the puppies and the five grain fluids. On the packaging, the glass bottle is set with traditional red and gold.
With 960 five stars on the overpack, the cultural content of China ' s 9.6 million square kilometres concept is full.
The production capacity of high-quality alcohol is the core resource of the company, which determines the company’s future prospects. The national cellar is well known for its 1573 base, which is produced only by a 100-year-old cellar, with an annual capacity of more than 3,000 tons, with 1573 finished wines of 4000 to 5,000 tons, and for stabilizing the quality of the products of the country’s customers, with only one number of new qualified passenger pools per year.
The old cellars in Chenzhou solve the problem of production capacity in two ways: (1) flexible use of the company’s inventory of more than 20,000 tons of gin in the cellar, 1573 years old. Due to the longer stock, the theoretical ratio of gin to finished wine should be higher than the ratio of annual transfers of 3:4.5: (2) debt payments, technical changes to release the power of gin in the country. 16 years of companies have implemented 3 billion brewing engineering projects and phase 2 has started.
Ten thousand tons, up to 60,000 tons in 21 years, are now being fed by the Yellow and Brewer Eco Park, which, thanks to the company ' s research, has been able to improve the quality of alcohol and production capacity. (3) With the restructuring of the industry, the cellar has been able to recover.
From a quantitative point of view, the country’s customers have completed a recovery of 1573, and the point in the future is to increase the amount of it. As a result of the mispricing, which led to the sale of cash cuts, prices were reduced in 2014 to embrace public consumption, while transfer controls and incentives were introduced for dealers in the cellar with a stock of more than 200 items.
The year was focused on end price management, requiring salesmen and customers to take the initiative to buy the cellars less than $550, buy them back at $550, and the prices were stable, two price increases were made in 16 and 17 years, a full increase was achieved in 2017, and sales volume was restored, with revenue from the cellars reaching $10 billion in October 2019, but the reporting end has not yet recovered to its peak.
On August 24, the company announced an increase in the price of the cellar from $1573 to $890 per bottle, allowing future price space. From a price point of view, the country’s customers maintained the industry’s followers’ stance, and prices rose steadily after the industry’s adjustment.
For high-end products such as pamphlet and five grain fluids, the prices are even higher at the beginning of the country's market. 13 years of price hikes have led to fluctuations in the price system of the cellar. 14 years of companies offering “hard prices, soft sales, deep services, protection of benefits”, compensating for the wrong price increases during the industry adjustment period, and many times in subsequent developing countries, firms have stopped to help distributors achieve good prices.
Turn on the bottle of white wine and raise high brand heights. The old cellars actively distribute super-high-end white wine with Chinese taste, the characteristics of the state cellar production and year storage, and, in the case of the classic cellars, a bottle-year alcohol strategy for the year of storage.
The product is calculated using the date of production as the basis for the year ' s wine, and the liquor industry has set uniform guidelines to add value to the value of the product and to create high-end product arrays with new, ultra-high-end and custom products for the year.
(4) The cellars are very good, with strong growth, and there is still room for growth in the cellars as compared to the huts and five grain fluids that have been nationalized. As one of the three high-end white wines, the cellars as a whole have been growing at a high rate since 2015, down from 1:7.6 to 1:3 in some of the cellars.
Strong markets, like Southwest, have reduced the production and sale of the state cellars to 1:1.5. In the future, the state cellars, with close to a million front salesmen, have the most powerful markets in high-end liquor companies, and the growth momentum is expected to be replicated in the markets.
After the two brands became operational, the country’s series of products took on the company’s task of layout and powering high-end wine, with specials and guest wine as two of the central and sub-high-end features of the five monolithics, and were positioned as first brands for business and banquets. In recent years, the price of the special curls has been steadily up, with the intention of getting rid of real estate wine, and is the key to the two-billion-dollar strategy of the old cellars in Kyushu.
According to Swiss credit research, China’s middle class accounted for 34% of its population in 2017, compared to 31% in the United States, 36% in Japan, and Germany.
For the first time in 2014, final consumer spending contributed more to the growth of gdp than total capital formation, and the contribution of final consumption has been rising year after year, with consumption being the main engine of economic growth. The share of business and personal consumption in the adjusted consumer structure has expanded, and future growth in the white industry has been built on.
Strong public and business consumption is firmly based. Overall, increased consumer capacity drives consumers to choose brand-new wine from middle-level consumption fees, with increased industrial concentration, while leading the white industry to tilt its resources to the lower end to absorb the alternative effects of rising consumption and high-end white wine prices, with certainty of medium- and sub-high-end expansion.
Middle alcohol is the red sea market for white wine consumption, and the real estate poles fight with the national branded wine. The 200 and less price bands are white wine, the main consumer power of day-to-day consumption, and the core price bands of a large number of real estate wines. As the country’s branded wine channels become more sophisticated, there is a greater focus on the functioning of the market, and there is a more competitive pattern or intensity of middle alcohol.
Sub-high-end alcohol is a direct beneficiary of the upgrading of consumption, as well as of the price of high-end alcohol, and the competition pattern is still unsettled. As the price of high-end white wine moves along, the price space expands, and consumption upgrades drive light bottle alcohol to the center.
Liquor upgrades, with the consumer price of the original medium-barrel consumer extending upwards, sub-high-end products distributed within the $300-600 price band evenly, upwards as a high-quality wine value-for-money option, downside consumption of the medium-barrelled wine, with the medium and sub-high end directly benefiting from the increase in consumer capacity. In future competition, branding, fine-tuning management and product quality are key to winning.
Figure 27: Four high-end brand markets from 2017 to 2020
In the early years, the best-quality product in the Xiangzhou cellar was called a special, which is a legacy of “the essence of the fragrance,” from which most of the public is well-known. After the successful creation of the national cellar series, the company began to create a set of specials from 2006 to 2008, with a series of Chinese characters, fine products, and 100-year-old products, the industry went into a period of adjustment after 2012, and the company's business became stable in 2017.
The curves and strategies were repositioned to raise the price of the special to 200-300 price bands, to move away from the entanglement of real estate wine, and to form a “one body, two wings” strategic layout, with the old word as the subject, the crystal colour and the commemorative version as the two sides. In 2018, the company slanted its resources on the two monoliths, the “state cellars” and the “specials”; and in 19, the tenth special was further launched, and the pricing initiative was consolidated.
Fig. 29: The Old Feathers of the State have a long history, a legacy to date (2) The Specials have been upgraded to nationalize, the Special 60s have been growing at the top of the ranks, the Specials have grown rapidly from a price point of view, brand upgrades have been removed from real estate wine and brand heights. The Price History of the Specials is one.
Three-fold discount: the early loss of early price escalation, the loss of market share in the 2006-2008 price increases for new items, the adjustment over several years to the 2012 increase, the industry adjustment, which allowed the price increases to break the 200-dollar price belt in 2017, and the piloting of Henan Market in 2019, which eventually raised the price of the plant to 225 dollars on the occasion of the tenth DETL listing, and removed the competitive price belt of the current real-estate wine.
At the same time, the company has raised prices many times in recent years to return the value of the special, as the tools for the operation of the old cellar have become more nuanced, while at the same time trying, through input into brand power, to create the special in the future into sub-high-end monoliths of over $300. From a quantitative point of view, the price increases have been restored, and sales losses have been restored, and will remain viable in the future.
In 2013, Limfeng adjusted the features, independently from the Springs company in 2014, and during the adjustment period, there was a significant decline in the specials, followed by a recovery to 2016, and a slight return on the price increase in 2017, but it can be seen that the increase in the price rate has led to an increase in the Māori rate in recent years, 2019.
The 60th edition of the specials is a sub-high-end vanguard for the specials series. In 2014, the market was priced at around $500, a second-generation, third-generation special band, with quotas as a result of being a group buying channel only and not yet in circulation.
The controlled group purchase model is a win-win win-win for a strong price and a profit margin for distributors, while the 60th edition of the special is covered with a magic veil. According to the company, in 2019, the 60th edition of the special made a breakthrough of $1 billion, while in 2018, the 60th edition of the special made a $750 million gain, a 46 per cent increase from the same year, a steady increase for four consecutive years, a 50 per cent increase in compound growth each year.
Two billion single items. On September 8, this year, the company issued a stop notice, and it is expected that there will be price increases before the mid-autumn season, highlighting hard product power and high market recognition. (3) The age of the cellar fills the price gap and improves the product system.
The wine of the cellars assumes the role of a blank price belt. This role becomes more evident when the special 60 is on the market. Among them, the age of the cellars has undergone industrial adjustments before being nurtured, and during the adjustment period there has been a collision with the position of the lower price cellar, 1573, which has only been able to develop in the process of recovering the lost land.
During the course of the process, the wine of the scaffolds assumes the role of filling a blank price belt in the market, reinforcing the identity of the old scaffolds of the state through the concept of the scavage, which has a positive effect on the height of the brand. (4) High-light new products, opening the new track.
The market for the consumption of light bottles has a long history in our country, most of which have been marketed in the image of light bottles. Packaging has become a way of demonstrating the value of products with economic development and prices of products, but, as the industry develops, “return to reality” has become the norm in the industry, white alcohol consumption has returned to rational consumption, and low-cost products have led to “light botttling” becoming a trend in the industry, in line with popular consumption.
In terms of demand, and specifically in products, the whole light bottle industry has grown at a relatively rapid pace, with the traditional name of the Bottle of the Bottle and the Bottle of the Bottle of the Bottle and the Bottle of the Bottle of the Bottle and the Bottle of Bottle and the Little White of the Moose Farm, which have risen in recent years, but the industry still uses low-cost products for the Penthouse of the State to capture the two main trends of the “Light Bottle” plus the “sub-higher” and to create a third curve of growth.
Products, g1, g2, g3, of which g3 is priced at $698 per bottle, while the product's alcoholity design is 38 per cent, 40.9 per cent and 52 per cent vol, with a future focus on 40.9 per cent vol, through a uniquely crafted bottle design, a Tunna-led wine body design and a bold attempt to take the lead in the layout of sub-high-end light bottles, the future of which is expected to be the development of the cellars of the state, following a special,
Figure 33: Size of the light bottled wine industry (in billions of dollars)
Channels: Build the Vendor Interest Community, model flexible and efficient, and lead the industry.
Vendor dynamism and improvement of the Quantino model: future Quanzhou seniors seek to move from channel-driven to brand-led growth, solid 3.1 innovative channels operate, the Quantico model takes the lead, the Quantino model leads the testing of water distributors ' interests are tied and the Quantico model matures.
In the early stages of industrial development, the distributors promoted the distribution of the products. In this case, the old customers adopted a method of increasing the shareholding of the distributors and promoting the springs model. This has been achieved by: (1) increasing access to Maori and increasing incentives to accelerate product diffusion and market expansion; (2) sharing the development dividend.
By entering shares and setting up local sales companies, the interests of the distributors are tied so that the distributors can get a real dividend in helping the development of the cellars; (3) the costs are invested in an extravagant cycle that solves the problems of the efficiency of the State-owned system's review and approval, while the costs are spent on the profits of the distributors and the efficiency of the costs is greatly improved. These moves are a manifestation of the innovation in the genes of the cellar companies, and they are a manifestation of the market.
In 2006, the company issued 30 million shares to 10 strategic investors, 8 of them being old cellar dealers, and raised $367 million for quality.
This increase marks the company’s search for a model of deep binding of distributors’ interests, with the result that the market outside Kawasaki in 2006 and 2007 grew at a high rate, and that the company’s overall harvest grew at an accelerated rate, with remarkable results. The model was gradually expanded.
Share area sales companies (North China Corporation, China China Company, Southwest Company, Chongqing Company and Fujian Company) are not responsible for the distribution of goods to companies in the region. The company is named after “seven provincial and municipal sales areas are gathering like seven springs”.
The reasons why the company was appointed are that the treasury is managed by a third party and is transparent to the vault in the county. Figure 37: The distribution area of the company is highly effective, with the rapid development of the cellar.
In the same way, the company sells the goods at low prices to the company, the company distributes the goods at the price of the plant, the company obtains the discount bonus, and the old cellars in the same time they give them an extra bonus.
A good growth in sales has resulted in an increase in profits: a traditional model in which large firms are more subjectively motivated to open markets, while a company responsible for the cost of the cost is concerned with the efficiency of the cost of the cost.
In 2006-2012, the company collected 34.43% of cagr and the top five, of which 37.48% were in high-end wine. At the same time, as a result of the transfer of sales costs to the company, the rate of sale costs in the Quanzhou cellars declined significantly, from 15.75% in 2006 to 4.62% in 2011, owing to high-end production.
At a time when the industry is evaporating, profits and fast-expanding sales mask the negative patterns, and during the industry’s adjustment period, companies have turned back because of poor management of the channels and insufficient control over end-marketing.
The market price increases are misjudged: the company’s voice is so powerful that it over-exploits its products to dilute its brand power, adjusts it temporarily for its own benefit, and dumps it for its own benefit, leading to price collapses: the product’s structure is deformed by over-optimizing the most profitable products through the channels. When the industry enters the adjustment period, the negative impact is magnified, and problems are exposed.
3.2 The new era, new model, new brand initiative, new development, and the problems revealed by the 3.2.1 brand monopoly model of “get the best, get the bad, get the bad,” have made companies aware of the need to reform the channel model.
In 2014, the company officially promoted the Ministry of Brand Enterprise’s transformational brands, the distributors spearheaded the creation of the specials, the scavenging brands, the creation of the State cellar 1573 brands in 2015, and the creation of 22 local subsidiaries to “corporate” it.
In November of the same year, a brand company changed its pattern of misdeeds to take its essence. By creating a brand company, the company made a mistake about the past and smoothed out its future thinking: (1) creating a company by branding instead of a regional model and eliminating it.
Branding, addressing past price reversals and streamlining of the price system, and stricter product and price management; (2) branding specialization, more focused and efficient implementation of a single-goods strategy; (3) addressing the selective promotion of products in the past due to different product margins, and reducing the subjective preferences of distributors, with branding companies operating on the basis of the old cellar product strategy in Chenzhou.
The company promotes direct distribution and control separation, reduces dependence on individual major firms, and has control over front-line operations of the Lianzhou cellars. Channel management initiatives: promote flattening and secure channel profits.
The process involves a combination of three models, namely direct control by manufacturers, control by distributors and the “1+1” model, the promotion of brand specialization in areas where conditions exist, a change in the brand specialization model to the “provincial-municipal-county-end-consumer” model and multi-level channels for business personnel, and the formation of two-tier channels for dealers' direct terminals, and better access through flattened channels.
The product strategy initiative: a three-line product operates differently: low-end brands strictly control stocks, with more than 20% of their distributors' stock not refinancing. Medium- and high-end brands are controlled by companies, positive returns are made to distributors to promote sales.
In a brand-based model, the system guarantees the profits of distributors and thus maintains the thrust of their channels, and the product-based distribution of distributors does not differ significantly from the strategic objectives of the company’s product, owing to differences in profitability.
Marketing initiatives: After 15 years, companies re-established their marketing systems. In 2015, they established a new strategic system for the “Four Three Lines” and set up seven marketing service centres throughout the country (Shangdu, Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenyang, Xian, Zhengzhou) to coordinate and coordinate behaviour within the region and monitor policies.
With a team of more than 1,200 people, the team expanded to over 6,600 at the end of 2016, mostly at the branding firm level, with strong sales, and the team accelerated market diffusion, while at the same time smoothing the market order with a steady progress in controlling the profits. Dealers’ corporate management initiative: moving from “decentralization” to “receipt”.
Good distributors and new distributors, shareholders implementing new entry and exit mechanisms in performance rankings each year; management and sales personnel appointed by the Penang County cellar, internal distributors completing sales, etc., are transparent and allocate resources according to performance, and incentives are more explicit; companies advance the “direct distribution” model, self-built marketing teams take control of the latest sales, directly involving company personnel
With terminal operations, which are responsible for marketing, cost-disbursing executive supervision and end marketing, distributors are gradually moving from resource-based distributors to managed service distributors.
The Kutai model is a model for regional subsidiaries of the old cellar brands in Kyongzhou. Because the 1+1 model is still being used in many markets, at a time when high-end white wine is on the air, Kutae, which runs the national cellar, aims to create a model company that can be promoted by building successful experiences to speed up the branding model.
So far, the Chengdu Kuthai model has shown great strength in fighting, the Henan market is moving forward, and the strategy of nationalization of the cellars is steadily moving forward. With the establishment of the company, the company has been established by absorbing 1573 dealers from the local cellars and by group funding to set up the company.
The Cemetery of Chenzhou does not engage in stock participation but has real control: at the operational level, Kutai is responsible for all the operations of the regional cellar 1573, and the distribution team is able to work together with the same policy for the shareholders, and each is still responsible for the sale and distribution of the products, and all the other distributors of the company who do not participate in Kutai are imported from Kutai, thereby ensuring that Mr. Kutai will be able to take care of him.
The Division can share the profit margin and, as distributors directly deal with Kutai, there are no more foreign customers in the market, and the instability caused by the leverage of the two groups has been eliminated. In the distribution of profits, Kutai uses the internal sales appraisal mechanism (generally the matching points for sales of products, with the share split decided at the end of the year) to distribute the return profit.
At the same time, the price differentials in the production and sale of products can increase profits, allowing Kutai to be proactive in developing the market. From the experience of Kutai, which is currently operating successfully, the overall profits of the main distributors in the region have increased considerably, with the distributors participating in the Chengtai market, for example, where the brand-only model of Kutai has shown a great deal of combat.
The terminal is converted into a first-tier cooperation terminal, with further flattening of channels, with a system of de-distribution and direct marketing covering more than 4,000 points in each network. The largest turnover in the state cellar list market has been achieved, with more rapid growth in recent years, with an annual increase of 86% in the 19h1 crop rate, driving a strong growth of the state cellar in the entire south-west market.
Figure 43: The boom in revenue growth in the cellars in Chengdu market (in billions of yuan) has made possible the completion of 3.2.3 recovery growth, which has made up for 13 years of industrial restructuring with the replacement of the branding model with the Kaizuan model.
Time lags. In 2017, the cellar recovered to its highest sales volume, sold $10 billion in 2019, and, as product lines under the cardboard model function according to their locality and specialization, the company’s product structure is healthier than before, and the future Qingzhou Quantues strategy is ready.
Over the years, production has declined, competition has been transformed into a crowded competition, and a mature model of integration of producers has been conducive to effective implementation of the factory strategy, and the firm’s intentions have been conducive to taking the lead in the industry’s competition. Building on strong enforcement and firm-sensitive city visions, it is not the consumer’s “know-it-it-it-you-know-it-it-it-it-it-you-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-you-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-you-it-it-it-it-it-it-you-it-it-it-it-you-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-
We believe that, under the company’s new market strategy, central markets in the south-west will consolidate the gains, and that the markets in the east and south-west will rise rapidly. Faced with new and dynamic changes in the industry, firms, through very high levels of business integration, will be able to respond quickly and effectively to pains and difficulties.
In the short term: short-term pressure does not change the long-term trend, the concentrated part of the white wine consumption scene is cut off, due to the fact that more people are in contact before spring.
Liquor has a limited impact. Compared to the low- and low-end alcohol in the old cellar structure, the company's first half-year harvest of high-end liquor, represented by 1,573 people in the national cellar, increased by 10.03 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a slightly slow but double-digit increase in market recognition of high-end company products.
The improvement in the rate, with lower sales costs in the first three quarters of 2020 falling by 7.3 ppt to 15.40 per cent over the same period, increased the profitability of the product by adding country passenger ratios, and net interest rates for corporate repatriation increased by 8.35 ppt to 41.52 per cent over the same period, compared with 26.88 per cent in the previous three quarters.
We judge that the epidemic has had a short-term impact on the white wine industry, and that in particular times it is more likely to reflect the “fundamental merit” of a well-known wine industry, which will accelerate the concentration of its products, with the financial power of a well-funded, well-controlled wine company that can deal with the epidemic. In a multi-pronged approach, the old cellar disease initiative is based on the principle of realism, and it will be proactive in reducing quotas to help the channels go to stock.
Paying attention to the interests of distributors, not only to effective control of the epidemic, but also to the establishment of a good reputation in the distribution community, and to the win-win maintenance of the manufacturer's relationship and the preservation of the price plate.
4.2.1 The sword of the cellar is a new $10 billion, and looks forward to the new development of the 14th Five. At the December 2020 General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Serial Selling Company, after 10 billion dollars in revenue from the sales of the cellars in 2019, the company proposed a 1573 billion new sales points for the cellars during the 14th Five-Year Plan, in 2022 and 2024 respectively.
In 2019, the Treasury sold $10 billion worth of matching statements, showing strong growth and showing the company's “brand self-confidence, quality self-confidence, model self-confidence, team self-confidence.” 4.2.2 consolidates the Southwest Main Camp market and seeks a new breakthrough.
The southwest market is the main market for the old cellars in Kyongzhou, which were born in Sichuan, which is well-placed, with brand power on the southwest market, and the strongest core market in the southwest. At the adjustment period, the southwest market contracted rapidly, and the southwest market was strong as a core market, with an increase of 14.07% in revenue in 2013 compared to the same harvest.
From the point of view of the Māori marketing rate, the Southwest market is a blood-producing market in the Penang State. Its product is higher than in other provinces and companies on average, China and North China still account for more than Māori, and China and North China show a downward trend.
We believe that the main reason for this is that: (1) China is geographically close to the south-west, and the company enjoys greater visibility: (2) the Chinese market covers the east and south of China, and the company spent time on consumer development in the early stages of market opening, for example, because of the abundance of product lines and the time it takes to produce high-end products.
China’s North and China markets have been restored. After re-sealing and forming brand companies, in 16/17, the two markets collected +39 per cent/+46 per cent and +20 per cent/+187 per cent, respectively. In 2017, the North China market’s revenues returned to 2013 levels of $2,007 million, a gap of 3,473 million over the peak of the 12-year period; in 2017, China’s market revenues reached an all-time high of 2,794 million, surpassing the record level.
In 2017, the company pushed for income growth in Shandong, Jiangxi, and Anhui. In deep-seated search for channels, the former sought to move eastwards and southwards horizontally. In 2017, the old cellars began to recover.
China’s market is a historical necessity for wine companies, with stronger local consumption capacity increasing the competition of alcohol companies, with the firm’s share in the business being around 15%. In early years, the market was the company’s granary market, but the market for product prices was once competitive in the region because of the disruption of the product’s price system.
In 17 years, a new resource shift began, with Zhejiang and Jiangsu selling more than $1 billion; the South China market consumed relatively small white wine, but with a strong consumer capacity, a strong demand for business consumption, and a clear upward trend in personal consumption, with companies nurturing core consumers through strong branding teams, with a good response and wide scope for development.
4.3 Long-term perspective: advanced brand image, moving from a channel-driven to a brand-publishing old guests in the state of Xiang, attach great importance to rejuvenation of brand power. The company works from both a macro and a micro perspective: (1) At the micro level, the company maintains core consumers and core terminals through specialized, home-grown and market-based sales teams.
Construction: (2) At the macro level, companies increase their air advertising efforts and build a branding culture to the natural height of their brands. Companies advertise with a focus on core consumers and core end-points, building brand power at the end. Because of the severe loss of distributors, companies begin to promote a direct distribution model dominated by client unions and adopt a direct business or factory or business “1+1” model in empty markets.
Re-energizing the lost market, building a self-help sales team to better secure corporate policy, spearheading a strong push for a two-way “124” project centred on controlling core terminals and serving core consumers, and significantly increasing end-point control and consumer services, with a view to stabilizing the country through core terminals and the influence of the consumer's radiation consumer community.
The company insists on "Hold Up" cultural cards with "Hold Up" cultural cards. On the cultural cards, there are not only cultural events in the Chinese city of Liquor, but also a large amount of support for cultural projects such as the International Festival of Poetry and Liquor Culture, the Global Tour of Culture, etc. The company insists on "High."
(High-end media, high-end activities, high-end clients), "big" (large vision, big events), "up top" (upgrade, upscale), advertising has achieved cross-dimensional coverage, from the white and wine industry to sports events, to the sponsorship of political and economic activities, and has raised the brand image of the old cellars of the state by connecting them to well-known events.
Fig. 57: The promotion of the "high heights" featured in the ads of old guests in Lianzhou, where leaders of the BRICS countries met on the occasion of the summit forum
Summer Davos Forum, G20 International Summit of Heads of State.
International Congress of Poetry and Liquor Culture to make the world taste China's Global Cultural Tour... the BRICS National Business Forum
The Russian World Cup, Australia's Tennis Open.
International Congress of Poetry and Wine Culture, National Tour Review of Bottles Year...
Seven stars for the China White Leaders Summit, the National Tour of Bottles Year, and the International Congress of Poetry and Liquor Culture.
The national dance show Confucius is on tour, and the sorghum is red.
Financial analysis: Cost savings added to Māori upwards, net gains still have room for improvement After adjustment period, the overall Māori rate of the company has risen significantly, and net interest rates still have room for increase. The N.S. 1573 brand has so far grown for 20 years, and has been widely recognized by consumers, pushing the company Māori rate to stay at the top of the industry.
The Māori rate is relatively low. After the industry adjustment period, the company gradually adjusts, with both Māori rates and net interest rates rising, which are more expensive to sell because of the company’s demand for brand-up, and by product, where the Māori rate of medium- and low-end alcohol has risen significantly, leading to an overall Māori rate up, and the future cellar 1573 holds the special.
There is still room for growth. In 2015, the company gradually diluted the company’s position, with a marked rise in the rate of Maori for all sub-programs, with the most obvious being the low- and medium-grade alcohol. The high alcohol ratio rose from 82.31% in 2015 to the highest in 2019, with the most low-grade alcohol in state cellars, with a volume greater than five grain fluids and slightly smaller than the low-end liquor series, but with a smaller volume of high-end white wine, no.
With the continued growth of the two brands, the cellar is expected to continue to benefit from a more balanced product structure, namely, a robust growth of the high-end state cellars, and a further increase in the price of the adverts of the waist products. The cost rate is already high, and there is much room for future marginal improvements.
The company outsourced its sales costs under the Fountain model to the Fountain Corporation, which led to a year-on-year decline in the cost of sales, which, with the dilution of the Fountain model, gradually increased the cost of sales, significantly higher than 3.69 per cent and 9.95 per cent of the five grain fluids in the huts, and higher than the ocean river shares known for the end of the plowing channel (11.64 per cent), which we believe is due to: (1) the significant loss of distributors and the use of the blank market by itself.
The creation of a sales team or factory, business “1+1” model, which initially requires a higher cost to open the market, has led to high sales costs for companies; (2) the company emphasizes brand revival and actively invests in branding campaigns, and the branding company also provides cost support: (3) the high cost investment to build brand power, and future revenue growth will drive down costs in the future.
While companies have been restructured, market strategies have shifted from pioneering to deep-farming, branding has been enhanced to reduce the demand for cost inputs for branding, and company managing director Lim Bing has once said that sales costs should be strictly controlled to prevent the industry from becoming mired in malignant competition, and that company sales costs are expected to decrease. Management rates have declined in recent years to show a higher level of corporate governance.
As one of the three high-end white wines, the old farts of Xinzhou will be looking at both the end of the product and the end of the channel, and despite the relatively large impact of the epidemic in the short term due to the structure of the product, we still view the growth of the prices of the products and the continued high brand power of the company in the process of nationalization as well as its future development.
Valuation Method I: From a pe perspective, the company ' s current valuation level is slightly higher than 56 times greater than the 2020 white plate (wind agrees with expectations, averaging of numbers), but considering that the company ' s future growth and brand strength are better than the industry average, 3.4 times the peg (wind agrees with expectations, an averaging of numbers); compared to the company ' s top-end white-collar kiosks and penta-food fluids, the company compares it with the company ' s average.
In 2020, the corresponding figure is 2.3 for pegs, with valuation levels significantly below the level of the five grains. Overall, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Jed, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.