Performance meets expectations and the integrated layout is growing robustly Events: Conlong became the annual report for 2022. Business income of $10.266 billion was achieved in 2022 (combined with Conlong (300759)
Net operating cash flow of 2,143 million yuan (year-on-year + 4.12 per cent). 2022q4 realized income of 2,863 million yuan (year-on-year + 33.67 per cent), net profit of mothers of 413 million yuan (year-on-year -33.41 per cent) and net non-mortality of \triangleright
Practice number: s50052211002 with 21.12% increase in income over the year, with better income structure and client structure. In terms of profitability, integrated layout is effective and new business is growing steadily.
There has been a better growth: 1) laboratory services with revenues of $6.245 billion (87 more than in the same period in the previous year). 87 participants in ind/nda, of which several countries simultaneously declared a Māori rate of 34.79 per cent (-0.13 pp). 1,079 molecules or intermediates (+87 more than in the previous year).
Of these, 24 were clinical in three phases (same as 6), 15 were process validation & commercialization projects (same as 11.46 per cent (+1.15 pp). 4) Big molecules and cell and gene therapy achieved income of $195 million (same as +29.3 per cent), with Māori at -27.73 per cent.
The \triangleright lab service plate continued to be built in Ningbo, Beijing, Qingdao and Xian, with capacity to become operational in 2022; the cmc plate was capable of producing 600 m3 in Shao Xin factory and was launched in 2022.
In use and acquisition of two gmp pharmaceutical bases in Cramlington, UK, and Coventry, Rhode Island, USA: close to 7wm2 of the gmp capacity in the macrom2 will be operational in 2023q3. Integrated development services, pilot-to-commercial primary liquids and preparations production services: cgt
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright
Risk factors: Increased industry competition, declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical sector, domestic risk of international policies, less than expected expansion of new business.
In 2021, he joined the Sinda Portfolio and was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, member of the team, Master of Biomedical Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sindam Portfolio in April 2022 for research on medical devices and Chinese tablets, Zhao Shuang, member of the team, B.A. in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, 2 years of experience in securities practice, 2022 for work in the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.