On December 20, it was reported that the authorities were adjusting the catalogue of permits for the production of weapons and equipment, which will be reduced.
We believe that the impact of taxes is neutral, in comparison to transfer capacity, and in the case of class two-three-four, the core is good. State-owned enterprises will compete positively with private companies. This is the main orientation for the current reform. Keep looking at China, with short-term adjustments.
In the case of pre-existing excess earnings, the pressure to close off some of the profits is more apparent. The catalogue of equipment production permits is not a tax-free catalogue, but merely a reference. 2. In the current practice, military goods list-based tax-exempt policies are being implemented.
Small businesses have less voice. 3. The future new military pricing bargaining rules will set aside tax-containing procurement clauses, and military-related procurement is a major trend. 4. The impact of taxes is neutral, compared to transferability, because of upstream, downstream, peer-to-peer competition. 5 Policy orientations, including the reduction of the licence catalogue, the reduction of confidentiality requirements, and the promotion of timely return payments, are all paving the way for civil-military integration. For Level II, Level IV, the core also includes the following:
State-owned enterprises will compete positively with private firms. This is the main orientation of the current reform. As to the impact on company performance, we believe that even if some of the future products are excluded from the tax-free catalogue of military goods, there will be little impact on company profits: first of all, there will be no value-added tax on products that are not included in the licensed catalogue.
Second, even if a value-added tax is paid, how much is tax paid and how much value-added tax is paid, such as a percentage of the price of a tax-bearing product. At the same time, the amount of taxes paid by a company in the past, such as taxes on future sales, is not deducted.
The effect on corporate profits is a net concept. Third, the country’s future or foster electronic components are autonomously controlled, if there is a real product that has been removed from the tax-exempt catalogue of military goods, an accompanying support policy, or a combination.
There are three major rumours of the fall: the direct trigger is said to be a decline in the company's November purchase order contract on the same date; the company may no longer benefit from value-added tax exemptions for some of its future military goods: the reform of the pricing of military goods may lower the price of elemental items. In fact, the November contract is due to salesmen's regulation, and there is no need to worry about it. The latter two factors are “cause of the incident, there is no evidence”.
The catalogue has not yet been released, and military-pricing reforms may have an impact on components, although more suppliers are upstream of the company, while manual wages are higher at the beginning of the process, which in theory can be passed on to most of the downward pressure. The acceleration, I believe, is likely to be higher than expected, given the company’s vast market, strong enforcement, and strong willingness to grow.
3. With regard to the downward movement of the potential valuation hub, \triangleright has, over the past two years, enjoyed a range of 25-35 times the range of valuation premiums between China and China, due to the fact that the company has been on the market every 11 years.
Annual revenue and net profits have remained positive, with a weighted average annual growth rate of 26.34 per cent and 24.43 per cent for net profits over 10 years, respectively. Not to mention the number of consecutive years of positive growth or the absolute value of the growth rate of net profits and profits is impressive. The company has been on the market since 10 per cent or more of the value of roe, a phenomenon that is extremely scarce in both the military industry and a share.
In our view, China’s PV excellence has been reflected in a 30-fold static pe in 2018. There is no doubt about the company’s ability to operate and govern, nor about the military orders for the coming year, and there is more concern about the company’s exposure to changes in its external environmental policies. The decline is always a matter of taking into account the economic situation next year and the more stringent fiscal policies, adding the current market style and liquidity to the best.
Pessimistic profit assumptions, we predict a 11 per cent increase in China's net profits this year, 15 per cent next year, and the net profits of the company are expected to be the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom in 2019.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of the study's findings.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.