• Overall: three-quarter income profits increase fast 2.19 billion yuan in the third quarter of 2018, an increase of 49.31 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother
Twenty-two million yuan, an increase of 23.42 per cent over the previous quarter of 2018; $5.775 billion in revenue for the first three quarters of 2018, an increase over the previous quarter. Overall, the company operated well, with rapid growth in its performance, and increased its income at a faster rate than profit.
The lower income was due to a decline in the Māori rate, which was 32.06 per cent in the three-quarters combined report, and a negative operating cash flow of $272 million in net operating cash in the first three quarters, which was negative from the statement, as opposed to the expansion of sales and the military-industrial settlement cycle.
The main reason for this is that the expansion of corporate sales is also reflected in the expansion of corporate sales through the expansion of sales and high cash expenditure, but with a longer repayment cycle, as evidenced by the sale of goods in the first three quarters of the statement of cash flows and the increase in cash received for the provision of services by 41.38 per cent at the beginning of the year +55 per cent.
From historical data, since 2008, the company’s three-quarters reports have had a mostly negative net cash flow, which we believe is related to the military industry’s concentration in settlement payments at the end of the year. On the whole, the Department is now operating in a robust manner, influenced by the expansion of sales and the military industry’s own settlement cycle.
The negative operating cash flow of the first three quarters is normal.  The lower income growth limit is calculated by equity incentive conditions unlocked at the beginning of the year, with one of the conditions unlocking the compound growth rate of operating income in the three fiscal years preceding the year.
1. China-China Photovoltaics (002179); Performance growth robustly, depending on the company ' s long-term development; Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating
Performance in 2017, we believe that the company connector business can benefit from the rapid growth in downstream military engineering, communications, new energy vehicles, etc., and that the company is expected to have a net return profit for the period 2018-2020, respectively.
There is growing competition in the sectors of origin, communications, etc. Overall: three-quarter income profits are growing rapidly, companies are earning $2.19 billion in the third quarter of 2018, an increase of 49.31 per cent in the same year, and mothers are making a net profit of $232 million, the same amount.
This represents a 23.42% increase; the revenue of the first three quarters of 2018 was $5.775 billion, a 28.34% increase in the same year, and the net profit of the mother was $697 million. Overall, the company was operating well, with rapid growth in its performance, and income grew faster than profit.
This is considered to be related to the structure of the products sold by the company in the current period, where the company ' s Māori rate has fluctuated slightly over the long term, since 2008 as a result of the expansion of sales and the military-industrial settlement cycle, operating cash flows of negative are normal, net operating cash flows of $272 million in the first three quarters of the company, and cash flows are the main reason for negative statements.
The fact that a company has expanded its sales and has a high cash expenditure, but has a longer repayment cycle, as evidenced by the fact that the cash received in the first three quarters of the cash flow statement for the sale of goods and the provision of services amounted to $4,138 million, which is clearly less than its revenue of $5,775 million, while the $1 billion, an increase of +55 per cent from the beginning of the year, also reflects the expansion of sales by the company.
From historical data, since 2008, companies have reported mostly negative net operating cash flows for three quarters, which we believe is related to the fact that the military industry has concentrated its settlement payments on the end of the year. Overall, the company is now operating robustly, influenced by sales, scale expansion, and the military industry’s own settlement cycle, with negative operating cash flows for the first three quarters normal.
Figure 2: Net operating cash flows from the company ' s three-quarters and annual reports since 2008 (millions of yuan) extrapolating lower income growth by equity incentive terms > 1.15, with the first phase of the 2019 release now in place, and if the second phase of the 2020 release conditions are to be met in the future
We believe that the company connector business can benefit from a few hundred million dollars in downstream military engineering, communications, new energy vehicles, and we look forward to the company’s development and maintain an “uptake” rating. The downstream model R&D process accompanying the military connector product is less than expected; new energy vehicles, communications, etc. are competing.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board