The fall in prices of the company (18 December), which we have judged not to be influenced by fundamentals, or because of transactional factors, the company is now in a good position, with annual returns increasing at a rate or close to the previous three-quarters performance guidelines ceiling (or the 11-15% net return to the mother), I...
1. Will the company ' s profits be affected if some of the products are excluded from the catalogue of military exemptions, which are currently based on the Circular of the General Directorate of State Taxation of the Ministry of Finance on the Value Added Tax Policy on Military Goods (Fax No. [2014] 28) and the Circular of the National Defence Science and Technology Institute on Issued (Statistical Chamber No. 1532)?
In our view, even if some of the products in the future are excluded from the tax-exempt catalogue, the impact on the company’s profits is minimal: first, there is no value-added tax on products that do not fall within the scope of the permit catalogue. Products that meet the tax-exempt conditions for military goods can also be declared and executed in addition to the catalogue of licences.
Second, when negotiations are under way, downstream customers will help companies to share the value-added tax payments, such as a percentage of the price of tax-bearing products. At the same time, in the past, the amount of taxes paid by the public is not deducted, such as the amount of taxes that can be deducted from future sales, and the impact on corporate profits is a net concept.
Third, the country’s future or foster electronic components are autonomously controlled, such as when products are actually removed from the tax-free catalogue of military goods, accompanied by supportive policies, or launched together.
In terms of the military industry, first of all, we judge that space, electronics, weapons and military industries have increased and completed relatively well because of the order of the first 10 months, and that four quarters or the presence of salesmen have voluntarily regulated the effect of the contract, but this does not mean that the downward trend will be formed in the future; second, the first 10 months of the aviation and ship industry, where the order has increased at an average rate and the sub-industry may have accelerated in four quarters, not excluding the public.
The Division may change its salesman incentive policy in order to complete a year-round military order: Third, the company's military delivery and revenue recognition are all normal, and we judge that the military revenue has increased by more than 20 per cent over the year, while the share of military business revenue will increase significantly in the fourth quarter, and the net profits of mothers have increased throughout the year.
3. Does the tradable reduction have an impact on the company? \triangleright issued a December 12 announcement that the KAC and KAC securities, respectively, had reduced a share transferable through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange trading system
In exchange for corporate bonds, we understand that this reduction is a reduction in the stockholding of the major shareholder to cover the operating costs of the group as a whole, which does not mean that the major shareholder is not interested in the future of the company. After the price of the stock fell on 18th, the controlling shareholder, Aircorp, traded through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange \triangleright
The company's share price fell today (18 December), and we judge that today's decline in the company's share price is not influenced by fundamental factors or because the delivery of the \triangleright Air Force equipment was at a slower pace than expected; and the public goods market was opening worse than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies