The company's overall Māori rate is currently manageable, while the earnings of the company have improved significantly in the fourth quarter.
First, the ratio of military revenues has declined or declined. We judge that the revenue from the business of the first three quarters of Maori, which has been relatively low, has increased faster than the revenue from civilian goods, most of which has come from the contribution of civilian goods. Second, changes in the structure of military goods and new products developed and developed have not yet been approved in some areas. We believe that the previous three quarters of Maori rates have been relatively high.
The recognition or delay of downstream revenues from integrated equipment has led to a certain change in the structure of the military goods themselves. 2. Competition or intensification in the new energy automobile industry, and the likelihood of a continued decline in the Māori rate in the new energy automobile business are unlikely.
At present, competition is intense, with companies competing against international giants such as Anfino, Teco, and a large number of private firms in the country, the overall connectivity industry, Māori rates or a decline in Māori. However, we believe that there is little chance that the rate of Māori in new energy cars will continue to decline significantly, with the company’s main advantage being the larger share of cable assemblies and integrated products other than connectors, with a relatively high Māori ratio of 70% or more.
In our judgement, the company ' s future strategy in the area of new energy vehicles is to continue to transform into integrated equipment suppliers, to infiltrate mainstream manufacturers in the use of vehicles, to respond positively to the downside of the new energy vehicle subsidy policy in 2017, and to build on the consolidation and upgrading of existing market ownership, and to make a major breakthrough in the market for smart Internet cars, logistics cars.
3. The overall Māori rate for communications operations is manageable, and the point for the future is 5g, and we judge that revenue growth or faster for communications operations in the first three quarters is due mainly to better overseas exports and an increase in the municipal share of large communicators. While not excluding or obtaining a certain market share in the form of price reductions for products, the overall Māori ratio for communications operations is higher.
In the first half of the year, revenues from corporate optical devices and PV products increased by 42.93 per cent, mainly in the area of corporate communications.
The company ' s communications operations reached a peak in 2014, followed by a steady growth of operations, a pre-transition period of 4g to 5g in 2018 and a more stable expected increase in 2018. In the case of 5g, the company ' s communications connectors are mainly used for wireless distribution base stations and data centre equipment, with customers primarily serving as the core suppliers of the country ' s communications base, such as Nakhing and Hwa.
The country’s first supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions with 56 gbps high-speed connectors, and receiving $46.2 million from the National Support Fund, is expected to achieve the capacity to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps with the project. We believe that the rapid deployment of communication technologies, which will lead to the replacement of communications equipment and the maintenance and maintenance of existing equipment, will release some stock demand into the communications connection market.
The construction peak of 5g is expected to provide new growth space for the development of corporate communications.
On the civilian side, we judge that the actual completion of the new energy vehicle and communications operations in the first three quarters is close to the full year’s target, and that the relative low Māori rate is expected to fall in the relative share of revenue from the Māori business. On the military side, given the seasonal characteristics of the concentration of revenues from military operations in the last four quarters, the ratio of Māori revenues to military goods has increased significantly, on the one hand, and the high Māori rate in military goods, on the other hand, has been recognized or improved, accounted for or increased.
\triangleright Air Force equipment is not as fast as expected; the market for public goods is less than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies