Revenue recognition is good, military goods are better or higher in four quarters -- China Light Power (002179), three-quarter reviews, company reports, $5.775 billion in revenues in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 28.34 per cent; net gains on shareholders belonging to listed companies are realized
1. Income recognition has improved significantly, with military revenues relative to or rising in the fourth quarter. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved revenue of $5.775 billion, an increase of 28.34 per cent, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $697 million, an increase of 10.75 per cent. In the third quarter, the company achieved revenue of $2,190 million, an increase of 49.31 per cent, compared with the third quarter of the first quarter.
Realising net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $232 million, a single-season increase of 23.42%. The company’s revenue growth in the first quarter of the third quarter of the year is clear, showing an acceleration in revenue recognition for downstream customers, while the overall net profit growth in the last three quarters has been slower than the growth rate, and we believe that the main reasons are two, first, that changes in product structure and new products developed and developed have not yet been approved in some areas.
The growth in revenue is faster than in military goods, and most of the increase in revenue is due to the contribution of civilian goods; second, the cost increases are faster during the period. Of these, sales costs increased by 51.69 per cent over the year, management costs increased by 23.32 per cent over the year, while research and development costs increased by 41.32 per cent over the same year. Given that growth in military orders and revenues are generally starting to accelerate in the second half of the year, we believe that there will be a significant improvement in the matching of net profits and operating revenues for the company in the fourth quarter.
We believe that, in conjunction with the implementation of the compensatory orders and the expansion of the incremental orders for the three years after 13:15, contracts and revenues are expected to remain stable and increase faster in 2018. According to our grass-roots studies, the effects of military restructuring on the sub-industry are different, and the main station equipment is less affected by military changes. We note that the sub-industry of aviation, ships, weapons and the like continued to grow in 2018, while the electronics industry or its presence is more numerous.
At the same time, we believe that companies are more innovative in terms of military goods, that new products with exclusive supply rights (single value added and higher gross interest rates) are relatively high, and that future levels of downstream production Māori are expected to remain high.
The East’s financial and intellectual source of new energy started earlier and has expanded rapidly to more than 600 million people since 2013, and now the value of commercial bicycles is about 2-3 times that of passenger bicycles, although in 2017 the number of commercial cars contracted considerably across the industry and the company grew faster.
The main advantage lies in the relatively large share of cable components and integrated products other than connectors, with a relatively high Māori ratio of more than 70%. In our judgement, the company’s future strategy with regard to new energy vehicles is to continue the transition to integrated equipment suppliers, while penetration with mainstream manufacturers in the use of vehicles, to respond positively to the impact of the fall of the new energy vehicle subsidy policy in 2017, and to consolidate and upgrade the base of existing market occupancy rates.
The company has deepened its business cooperation with the global communications pole, with the company’s revenues from optical and photovoltaic equipment products increasing by 42.93% in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the company’s increased share of the bid for optical and photovoltaic equipment products in the area of communications. The company’s communications business peaked in 2014, followed by an increase in the company’s revenues from the first six months of the year.
Business growth remained steady, with communications still in the pre-transition phase of 4g to 5g in 2018, with a relatively smooth increase expected in 2018. On the 5g side, the company’s communications connectors were mainly used for wireless distribution base and data centre equipment, with customers mainly serving as core suppliers of the country’s communications base stations, such as Naking and Hwa. The company was also the country’s first supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions with 56gbps high-speed connectors, and, on the other hand, it was the first country to have a high-speed interconnection solution with 56gbps high-speed connectors.
With a national support fund of $46.2 million, the company is expected to achieve its capacity to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps connectivity units as the project comes into existence. We believe that rapid advances in communications technology have led to the replacement of communications equipment and the maintenance and maintenance of existing equipment that will release some stock demand in the communications connection market, and that the construction peak of 5g is expected to provide new growth space for the development of corporate communications.
\triangleright Air Force equipment is not as fast as expected; the market for civilian goods is less than expected.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.