The growth in performance was in line with expectations, with the company issuing financial reports for the first three quarters of 2018, achieving operating income of $5,775 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 28.34 per cent in the previous quarter, and a net return to the mother of $697 million, an increase of 10.75 per cent in the same period.
\triangleright accelerated release of profits \triangleright \3rd quarter 2018 net return to the company of $697 million, an increase of 10.75 per cent from the previous year, with an increase in performance at a rate of 10.75 per cent
The pace of growth has been faster, with future growth expected to grow steadily throughout the year as the effects of the military transformation have been phased out, more profitable military goods have returned to warmer, companies have become profitable, profit releases have accelerated markedly over the past two quarters, and as the military markets have warmed back and new energy and communications have expanded.
\triangleright is the leader of the military-industrial interface, with military goods earning 55-60 per cent and downstream aviation, space, aviation, space, etc.
During the reporting period, the company continued to consolidate and upgrade its military industry and to deepen its strategic cooperation with key clients. On 20 October, the ag 600 flights were successful, with the company connecting over 80% of the aircraft to the airport.
\triangleright \triangleright
During the reporting period, the company developed its own Cz80 series of rru maintenance windows for live wire connectors to meet the transmission power requirements of the base station. The three operators accelerated the distribution of 5g, and announced a 5g schedule.
Both are planned to be pre-commercial in 2019 and commercial in 2020. Experts predict that our 5g construction and research project, with the process of commercialization accelerating, will have great potential for future development.
The company is the country’s first connector for new energy vehicles, and downstream customers include Jianghuai, Biadi, Woo-Tung 1.
A steady increase, a model for civil-military integration, a medium- and long-term development plan for the vehicle industry. By 2020, the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 2 million vehicles with holdings.
Connector leaders, civil-military integration continues to advance, and the source car business is expected to provide a new profit growth point. Equity incentives are successfully implemented to improve the efficiency of the company’s operations.
This equity incentive, which binds the interests of the company to those of the core workforce, helps to boost the motivation of the workforce and improves the effectiveness of the company's operations.
1. Unexpected orders for military goods; 2. Non-expected sales of new energy vehicles Summary of forecast data for corporate financial statements Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and assurance that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,