The pace of performance has continued to accelerate, and civil-military integration has deepened. Events: 3-quarter reports from China and China have been issued in recent days in 2018, with companies achieving operating revenues of $5.775 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 28.34 per cent compared to the previous quarter; and the attribution to the mother (002179.sz)
In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate data communications, defense market operations, rapid growth in international market operations, new talent \triangleright, low Māori ratio of product sales increased profit rates less than income.
\triangleright, " A significant recovery in performance in the second quarter, deepening civil-military integration " , turns positive and negative. Depending on the operational characteristics of the medium-air photovoltaics, companies generally have a positive net operating cash flow of one or three quarters of one quarter and a single operating cash flow of two or four quarters of one quarter.
Net volume is negative. The significant increase in cash for goods and services from 2018q3 is due mainly to the delayed settlement of some clients, which has led to an increase in the company's inventory, as well as a steady growth in performance, with a sustained increase in net interest rate levels.
During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened their strategic cooperation with priority clients, and fully protected \triangleright.
In addition, the company’s share of the international civil high-end market is constantly increasing: the success of China’s first private self-research rocket, the “Gongqing Star”; the recognition of a number of mainstream international customers in the area of new energy vehicles; and the deepening of operational cooperation with global communication poles: rapid growth in the areas of rail transport, industry, energy, medical care and so on: continuous in-depth research into the high downstream capacity, potential, potential, and potential of connectors.
During the reporting period, companies optimized their science, technology and innovation systems, and Sinda Securities Inc. increased their investment in research and development. Market-oriented promotion of core connecting technology and strategic platform product development, intensive participation and leadership in international and domestic industry standard-setting,
In addition, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of China has been working on a number of important sectoral meetings, such as the first China Workshop on Interconnection of Carborne Information Systems.
Implementation of equity incentives, 2018 performance targets are clear. On January 18, 2017, the China-China PV Review adopted the first phase of the Long-Term Incentives for Restrictive Stock, which resulted in the award of 2.6 million restricted shares to company managers at the senior secondary level, core technicians, and affiliates, and core cadres, at a price of 5.9572 million.
Risk factors: Increases in raw materials or human costs may reduce the Māori rate of products; companies may not expand to higher-end interconnection areas as expected. The publication of well-known European-American journals, such as those published in the press, such as those in the press.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.