The industry view this week is that oil prices have continued to rise and the garment industry chain has been on the rise since the second half of 2017, when international crude oil prices entered the boom zone, and on 17 May 2018, Brent's crude oil futures prices were once over $80 per barrel.
Against a backdrop of rising oil prices and high performance, global oil extraction companies have significantly improved their profitability, capital spending has increased significantly, and chains of garment industries are approaching a booming cycle. Currently, the chain of oil uniforms, which are dominated by orders from companies listed on the market, is more certain of their performance, and is expected to grow significantly compared with the previous industry. It is recommended that attention be paid to Jerry's shares (cobalt well completion, oil and gas extraction, oil field construction), Gangtaip (food exploration, oil and gas exploitation), open-source oil (cobalt well completion, record-taking wells), middle-sea oil uniforms (food exploration, cobalt well completion, oil exploration).
In the course of the current period, luminous light power has been placed on board.
PVK (002179.sz) ($39.42 collected from 2018-10-19) The rapid growth of the vehicle, international market operations, the steady growth of the defence market and the realization of the company ' s operating income of RMB 3,585 million, an increase of 18.20 per cent over the same period.
Market hot spots, industry depths, are one, and there is an important reference value for investors who pursue net profits attributable to parent companies of $465 million, an increase of 5.37 per cent in the same year, net profits attributable to parent companies of $456 million in the same year.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best companies, with each income growth rate. The combined Māori rate is 33.71%, a decline of 3.07 pct in comparison to the rise in the cost of raw materials.
The current operating income of $2.1008 billion rose from 3.86 per cent in single-season to 30.88 per cent in single-season growth rates; the net profit growth for single-season parent companies increased from -8.89 per cent to 15.53 per cent, with negative shifts. The military-industrial market was gradually concluding the current round of military reform, and the bidding process was further opened up; a new round of weapons equipment was renewed at the same speed and market demand accumulated in the previous period was effectively released; the country ' s new energy automobile industry continued to flourish; and communications continued to flourish.
They believe that these stock trends will significantly overcome the market and move into the pre-transition period to 5g; that urban orbital transport construction will be accompanied by a sustained acceleration in the urbanization process; that the pace of national production of key components will continue to accelerate; that the connecting device industry will achieve a sustained increase in market concentration in technological progress; and that medium-sized photovoltaic power will continue to push for a “skinner body” that integrates resources.
The strategy for optimal resource allocation for core business is that Sinda Securities Inc. is expected to maintain good corporate performance throughout 2018, based on the above positive factors.
During the reporting period, the company strengthened its marketing system, deepened its strategic cooperation with priority clients, fully guaranteed the need for weapons and equipment, and continued to consolidate and upgrade the company’s industrial position in the military industry. In addition, the company’s international civil service has been strengthening its marketing system during the reporting period.
With a rising market share at the top: the success of the private self-research rocket “Gongqing” at China's first school; the recognition of a number of mainstream international clients in the area of new energy vehicles; the deepening of business cooperation with global communications poles; the maintenance of rapid growth in the fields of orbital transport, industry, energy and medical care; and the continuous in-depth study of the market areas with large downstream capacity, potential and dynamic connections, and so on, actively planning and nurturing the future of supporting the civilian cause.
During the reporting period, companies optimized the science, technology and innovation system mechanisms and increased research and development inputs. Market-oriented promotion of core connectivity technology and strategic platform product development, intensive participation in and ownership of international and domestic industry standard-setting, hosting of a number of important industry meetings, such as the first China-based workshop on interconnectivity of vehicle-borne information systems, and increasing the voice of the industry.
Incentive programs result in the actual award of 56.572 million restricted shares at a price of $28.19/shares to 266 senior managers, core technicians, and subsidiary executives and core cadres of companies. Incentive programs have a two-year no-sale period, a three-year break-down period, and a one-third break-off rate per year.
Profit forecasts and ratings: based on the company ' s latest equity stock, we expect net return profits from PV in mid-2020 to be $959 million, respectively; risk factors: higher costs for raw materials or manpower may reduce the Māori rate of products; firms may not expand to higher-end interconnection areas as expected; studies: a significant recovery in performance in the second quarter, deepening civil-military integration; 2018.08.28; " Sustained high performance, accelerating overseas sales " .
In July 2016, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he conducted research in the mechanical industry. Sunda Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Sunda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.