Short-term performance pressure, expected to gradually repair the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre during the second half of the year, affected by low downstream demand, and short-term corporate performance pressure. 1) At the end of the harvest, the company q2 was in the first quarter.
The consumer electronics sector has low demand, and the industry as a whole still has inventory pressure. Sub-operationally, 23h1 companies earn approximately $2.88 billion, or 51 per cent, from electronics and computer panels, a fall of 51 per cent over the same period; and the communications sheet currently earns about $8.42 billion, or 3.1 per cent over the same period).
Net interest rate is 7.0 per cent, a decrease of 3 pp from the same year. 3) At the cost end, 23h1 has an upswing over the same period of the previous year, with sales costs estimated at 0.7 per cent, an increase of 0.18 pp from the same year; management costs are associated with speeding up the Xr, server, automobile field. In the Xr area, the company has become the head of the field.
In the area of servers, the company continues to technologically upgrade the capability of the thick plate hdi to respond to the demand for the development of the one server, and the main power-producing plant sieve has now been upgraded from 10-12l to 16-20l and has been integrated into the global server customer supply chain. In the area of automobiles, 23H1 has a smooth radar system.
The following companies will continue to work with their clients to develop and model new products of the L3 class and to increase the market share of cars using pcb. • Actively promote the production capacity of high-level products, which is expected to open up new opportunities for growth.
In March 2023, the company planned to implement an annual production of 52,675 million square feet of hdi and slp printed circuit boards, an annual production of 3.38 million square feet of motor panels and server boards to enhance the production capacity of Hdi, slp high-level products, the accelerated development of servers, and the automobile field pcb operations.
With the release of new capacity, the company’s servers, car panels, are expected to enter the accelerated release period. Travel needs, or gradual warming, are expected, and new operations like cars and servers are phased in, adding up the company’s new capacity to build future landings, release, and we conservatively value the company’s 2024 13-fold pe, corresponding target.
A global pcb industry leader, with a gradual expansion of products to high specifications, was created in 1999 as an accelerone-rich conglomerate. The company is mainly involved in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of various types of printed circuit boards to provide a full range of pcb products and services to its clients.
There are three main categories: communications, consumer electronics, computers, cars, servers, etc., and products are widely used in smart hands, wearable equipment, laptop computers, servers, car electronics, etc. At present, companies have a number of internationally recognized manufacturers, including Apple, Wah, Tesla, Sony, Dale, Hewlett-Packard, etc.
Figure 1: Corporate business layout Server panels, mainly for mobile phones, routers and exchanges
Mainly for tablet computers, uniformed cars, server panels and other panels, mainly for traditional and electric vehicles.
Printed circuit boards, games, smart home devices, etc., and pcb for cars, servers, etc.
Modern consumer life, entertainment, communication boards include downstream products from the main board, boards, speaker models.
Groups, antenna panels, camera panels, the company has accelerated its efforts in recent years to identify cars and lcm panels and fingerprints.
Productions include optical measures, vibrations, high-speed server board market openings, and products have been and are being acquired.
In 1999, Taiwan's China Rainbow Electronics set up Fuku Yong City in Shenzhen City, and in 2005 Taihua Rainbow Electronics changed its name to Hung Win-Technology; after 2006, it held shares.
As a result of the growing demand for consumer electronics, the company began to build new factories to increase production capacity in many places, such as the Shenzhen Park, the Huai An Integrated Insurance Park, the Barkang Park, the Royal Qin Island Park, and so forth. In 2013, the company became China’s first largest company in China.
In 2016, the company undertook a stock restructuring process to integrate the pcb operations into the compact component (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd. The company became the largest pcb company in the world after integrating all the pcb operations of its parent company in 2017. In 2018, the punctured shares were placed on the market successfully at the intersection.
Figure 2: The company’s main development course, a combination of production and science, further boosts research and development capabilities, with products gradually moving up the ladder. The company has continued to collaborate in research and development with the world’s leading institutions of higher learning, including Qinghua University, Beijing University, Nakayama University, Harbin Industrial University, etc.
Research and development cooperation, using advanced R & D technologies to build a well-tailored pcb supply and distribution system, has strengthened the company’s industrial chain. Companies have now obtained more than 700 domestic and foreign authorized patents.
Overall, the company’s printed circuit boards are shifting towards small, light, high-end products, and the value-added of the products is increasing, thanks to technological advantages. The equity structure shows that the dotted shares of 100% of US business, Merchant International, are indirectly in control of Penang’s holdings.
The largest shareholders in the combined shareholdings reached 71.8 per cent, the global manufacturing leader, Fuscon, who, relying on Fuji, achieved deep synergies in the industrial chain and continued to import the large customer resources of Fujiscon, providing a supply of elemental supplies to clients such as Motorola, Nokia, Apple and others, thus contributing to the rapid development of the company ' s performance.
The company’s main business consists mainly of communication boards, consumer electronics and computer panels, automobiles and server panels. According to the collection structure, in the first half of 2023, the company’s revenue from communications boards was $8.42 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent, and a revenue of $2.88 billion, a decrease of 51.1 per cent, or about 25 per cent, from the same year.
The business Māori rate was about 19.1 per cent, a decline of 4.9 pp from the same year; the company ' s automobile and server panels started to be phased out, yielding revenue of $220 million, an increase of 70.3 per cent, or about 1.9 per cent, of revenue, and the business Māori rate of about 18.1 per cent, a significant result of continuing to drive digital upgrading and cost control measures.
There are short-term fluctuations in profit levels, and the next half of the year is expected to recover as the crop rate increases the Māori rate. 1) Profit rate: scenario 1: telecommunications board operations. Corporate communication boards are mainly used in mobile phone areas, and 23h1 mobile phone market short-term demand is expected to recover in the second half of the year.
Weakness, de-stock pressure, 23h2 is expected to warm up gradually with the arrival of the traditional consumer electronic season, and we think it will grow steadily. As consumer electronics and computer panels, cars and servers are growing faster, future company communications will use scenario 2: consumer electronics and computer panels.
As the end product upgrades, the demand for high-end pcb is expected to continue to grow, and the company's product: automobiles, server panels. The company's automobiles, server panels, are still in the early stages of development, with a smaller share of income.
In 2022, we accounted for less than 1% of the total. As the company moved forward in the production of cars and server panels, there were, in the future, three major comparable companies that we selected: East Mount, Deep South circuits, and Gyeongwang Electronics. In 2022, III, we projected net return profits for 2023-2025 at 46.0, 53.7 million yuan, and 6.34 billion yuan, respectively. Taking into account the company's presence,
The pcb area is at the forefront of global efforts, the downstream demand in 23h1 and 2024 or the prospect of gradual warming, the risk of increased competition in the automobile and service markets; the pace of production capacity-building or less than expected; and the warming of downstream demand or less than anticipated. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.