The long line of crdmo, the development of the full range of assistive drugs, the drug Ming Congde (603259.sh) 17/08/2023
• The global leading platform for integrated, process-oriented pharmaceutical research and development services has evolved over 23 years, and the drug Myung Conde has created a unique business model of crdmo and ctdmo to provide integrated, end-to-end new drug research and development and production services to global clients. In the short term, the chemical plate is still corporate nuclear.
In the medium and long term, the integrated, end-to-end new drug research and development and production service platform that companies have built can provide a full range of services to clients and improve their consistency.
And it is expected to drive firm growth over the long term. We expect the company to contribute to the stabilization of its chemical operations in 2023-2025 through its net profits. Tests and biology are well developed.
The top flow, and active expansion of new and emerging businesses like oligonaic acid and multipolymeric acids to build new performance growth points. With the delivery of new big orders and the gradual release of capacity, chemical operations achieved $28,850 billion in 2022, an increase of 104.8 per cent, while companies have the largest drug discovery biological platform and power in the world.
Integrated Analysis Test Platform, continued strength of clinical coro and smo operations, has become a strong synergy for chemical operations and robust business growth. • Forward-looking layout cgt operations, and ddsu proactive succession upgrades
The company ' s forward-looking layout cgt business, with internal testing services not available in traditional cdmo enterprises, and the completion of the technology shortboards in Toroxgene to build core competition barriers to meet the diversification needs of clients from pre-clinical to commercialized production; in 2022, the cgt block collection was restored to a positive growth.
The year’s ddsu initiative has been scaled up to provide clients with more innovative candidate drugs, and as new drugs continue to be marketed, sales share income is expected to contribute to the high growth of the ddsu business, loss, deteriorating patterns of competition in the industry, etc.
The global leading platform for integrated process-based pharmaceutical research and development and production services was established in 2000 and developed over 23 years, with the development of an industry-wide service platform through built-in and extended mergers and acquisitions, with unique crdmo and ctdmo business models available to global clients.
For integrated, end-to-end new drug research and development and production services. Currently, companies have 32 operating bases and sub-agencies around the world that can provide services to over 5950 active clients in more than 30 countries around the world, building high-quality service labels within and outside the client community.
1.1. Vision, building a platform for integrated process-based drug research and development production services Business cover the outsourcing of innovative drugs to the entire industry chain, providing multi-level, process-wide services. Companies start with drug discovery operations, vertically integrated layout small molecule cdmo operations, providing clients with intermediates, raw materials and preparations
At the same time, the company takes full advantage of the synergism of the plate, extending its business to analytical tests, biomaterial services, clinical cro and smo operations, building a platform for integrated process services based on cross-interactive interactions among the slates. Since 2013, the company has been developing a new drug research and development service in the country, using advanced technology platforms.
In addition, companies are actively developing new business blocks like cell and gene therapy (cgt) to build a technology platform for the integration of cgt research, development, testing, and production. The company’s equity structure is clear, and subsidiaries are developing collaboratively: the company has no controlling shareholders, and its founder, Geli.
As of April 2023, shareholders in physical control and in agreements with the physical controllers held 21.83% of the company’s shares. The number of subsidiaries under the Phming Condé flag, and their development in synergy, helped the company to consolidate resources and provide integration.
Figure 3: Corporate equity structure is clear, affiliates are working with development Corporations have management teams with a global vision and an industrial development strategy vision: company president and ceo Lee
Dr. Ge graduated from Columbia University in the United States, and in 2000, he created Pharmacy Condé, which succeeded in creating an open, one-size-fits-all model for the development of crdmo and ctdmo operations. The rest of the company’s executives also have extensive industry experience, management teams have a global vision and an industrial development strategy vision.
Understanding market and industry trends, understanding policy changes, and increasing the speed of decision-making to match client demand. Figure 4: Companies with management teams with a global vision and a strategic vision for the industry.
A sufficient number of highly qualified people to protect the future development of the company. Figure 6: Larger numbers of undergraduates and above among R & D (persons) 1.2, high growth driven by external demand and continued growth in both income and profits
Corporate revenue and profits are growing robustly: with the advantage of full process integration services and the drive of large orders, net profits from corporate collections and homecomings are growing robustly. In 2022, companies collected $39,355 million, an increase of 71.84 per cent over the same period; profits of $5,095 million, an increase of 18.50 per cent over the same period, with a deceleration mainly due to a higher base of large orders delivered over the same period.
The chemical business is a major source of revenue, testing and robust bio-business development. The company’s chemical business (wuxi chemistry) is currently the main recipient, amounting to $28,850 million in 2022, an increase of 104.79 per cent in the same year, representing 73.3 per cent of the total, and the testing (wuxitesting) and bio-business (wuxibiology) have been growing steadily in recent years.
Attu and the country ' s new drug research and development service (wuxiddsu) are still in their early stages of development, with revenues of 13.08/970 million yuan in 2022, a change of 27.44 per cent/-22.49 per cent over the same period. The decline in ddsu ' s operating income is mainly due to business initiatives.
The multifactorial impact of exchange rate fluctuations, up-front material price increases, and domestic and foreign epidemics, with corporate Māori benefits and high Māori margins from 2017 to 2021, confirms the revenue impact. As internal efficiency gains continue to rise, the company ' s lifetime cost rate has declined rapidly from 22.48% in 2017 to 12.51% in 2022, excluding the latter.
Overseas markets are large and domestic operations are growing rapidly. The market base in the United States is stable in terms of the distribution of revenue areas, with 25,884 million yuan, an increase of 113.31 per cent in the same year, an increase of 65.77 per cent in the income ratio, mainly boosted by large orders delivery. In 2022, mainland China achieved $7,493 million, an increase of 29.75 per cent in the same year, and was affected by large overseas orders delivery.
In order to match the demands of rapid business development, firms have accelerated their capacity-building in recent years. By the end of 2022, companies had invested $14,171 million in fixed assets, an increase of 65.67 per cent over the previous year; construction work had reached $7,473 million, a continuous increase in the number of active clients compared to 1.3, deepening the “Long-tail client” strategy.
With the quality of its services, the company has harvested large, diverse, and loyal client groups, both within and outside the world, and now covers the top 20 pharmaceutical companies. At the same time, the company bound its customers by expanding the depth of the upstream and downstream industry chain, with the top 10 clients retained from 2015 to date.
Services to more than 5950 active clients from more than 30 countries around the world, capr arbio arvinas, 2018-2022
♪ Aligos abbvie ♪
> aagios boehringerelheim budacpio >
♪ Bristolmyersquibb deuvit lily ♪
harvard fighorn gilead
Hisun Sea king of labor innovated johnson-john
Henlius, msdmsd.
Novartis mdanderson sanofi.
(c)tes cembe (qurent)
I don't know what you're talking about.
While serving large multinational pharmaceutical companies, the company continues to expand its long-tailoring clients and empower small- and medium-sized biotech companies, following industry trends, deepening its “long-tailor” strategy and increasing its interaction with non-large pharmaceutical companies.
The co-operative relationship, income from “Longtail Clients” has become a central driver of rapid growth in corporate performance. 2022 billion yuan, a 20% increase over the same period. The ratio of “Longtail Clients” to “Golden Tracks” has been affected by large orders delivery.
Based on the continued growth of research and development inputs from innovative pharmaceutical enterprises and the increasing rate of outsourcing of innovation drug research and development, the high-growth sustainability of the pharmaceutical outsourcing services sector. At the same time, with changing market demand, the demand for cxo from pharmaceutical companies has grown, and cxo has infiltrated all the links in R&D production, with high levels of commercial integration and integration.
The competitive advantage of cxo companies is gradually emerging. 2.1. Global spending on drug research and development continues to grow as the global market for pharmaceutical outsourcing expands rapidly with the increased willingness of pharmaceutical companies to outsource.
The annual compound growth rate is expected to reach 3.8%. The pharmaceutical outsourcing company is involved in the process of pharmaceutical development, enabling clients to develop their own research and development and production platforms, enabling customers at different stages of drug development and helping them to do so faster and better.
As new drug research and development progresses, pharmaceutical outsourcing services can fully benefit from the high returns of innovative pharmaceutical products, without the high risk of new drug research and development and good business models. Research and development investment by pharmaceutical research and development firms is a source of development for pharmaceutical outsourcing companies, with sustained high rates of investment and outsourcing in research and development.
According to frost&sullivan data, the country’s overall outsourcing rate was low, with the domestic market for innovative medicines reaching 42.6% in 2022, and the US market for innovative medicines for the same period.
The global market for pharmaceutical outsourcing has expanded rapidly. Sustained growth in research and development inputs based on innovative pharmaceutical companies and innovative drug research and development.
14.0%, and industry as a whole is growing rapidly. 2.2, Policy + Industrial Chain Transfers are driving China’s medical outsourcing industry to develop rapidly. China’s pharmaceutical industry is more policy-oriented.
A series of policies, such as a review of the approval system, the launch of the “Major New Medicines” country, the simplification of the process for approving clinical trials, the listing of medicines, the licensing system, and the promotion of the country's pharmaceutical industry from imitation to the upgrading of innovative medicines.
In June 2017, the former China Food and Drug Surveillance Authority (Cfda) joined Ich, China’s new medicines were developed, registered, marketed and internationally harmonized, and the number of international multi-centre bed pilot projects increased significantly, providing China with an opportunity to take innovative drugs out of the sea.
New foreign medicines are on the market in China, easing conditions for clinical trials and listing applications in China, leading multinational drug companies to apply for early clinical trials for new drugs in China, and providing more options for Chinese doctors to use them for clinical purposes. China’s new drug ind/nda is declaring a significant increase, and the country’s innovation industry is beginning to grow.
In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the number of innovators and Nda declarations in the country, reaching 600 and 64 respectively in 2022, and the result has been a gradual increase in the number of innovators in the country.
Since 2015, the State Council has been working on a series of pilot programmes to encourage the system of licensing holders of medicines on the market. In 2019, the new Law on Drug Control allowed for the separation of pharmaceutical listings from production permits.
The pain of pharmaceutical companies, which favor small-scale R & D firms’ focus on original innovation, also provides an enabling policy environment for cdmo firms to fully open up the market for small- and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies. With the rise of the domestic innovation pharmaceutical industry + the transfer of the global pharmaceutical outsourcing service chain to China, the country’s cxo
The market is expected to grow rapidly. According to frost&sullivan data, the market size of China ' s drug outsourcing industry was 76.3 billion yuan in 2020, and is expected to reach 24.7 billion yuan in 2025, and 26.56% in 2020-2025cagr. Domestic cxo figure 25: China ' s medical outsourcing market is expected to grow rapidly in 2016-2025 (in billions)
3 , wuxichemistry: Performance building blocks, with a pre-emptive advantage
Services, with a unique crdmo business model, ensure seamless linkages between the start-up and production phases of new drug research and development projects, reduce the risks associated with the transfer of production processes and significantly increase customer stickyness, laying a solid foundation for the rapid development of subsequent commercialized production projects.
3.1. Increasing technological platforms, increasing the number of cdmo pipelines, and strong growth in corporate chemical revenues, driven by large orders, which generated $28,850 million in 2022, an increase of 104.8 per cent compared with that of the previous year; the removal of large orders, which generated 39.7 per cent of the same increase in corporate chemical operations, was divided mainly into pharmaceuticals.
In both (r) and process R & D and production (d&m), drugs were found to have achieved 7,213 million yuan in 2022, an increase of 31.30 per cent in the same year, and more than 400,000 compounds were synthesized throughout the year to become important “flow portals” for downstream operations; and process R & D and production generated 21,637 million yuan, an increase of 151.8 per cent in the same year.
The core value of the cdmo enterprise is to provide high-quality and efficient services to its clients with low-yielding output, while advanced chemical and engineering technology allows for deep booking of clients at the front end, more business opportunities at the clinical and commercial stages, and strong firms to compete.
With the combination chemistry at its core, the technological platform is constantly being upgraded, and the world’s leading chemical technology is now available to help global clients solve the problems of chemical process optimization and production technology. “Countering Moleculars + Following Moleculars” is a two-wheel drive, and molecular tube lines continue to expand.
With delivery time and optimal delivery results, the number of corporate “winners” rose steadily from 973 in 2022 to 32.9 per cent in the same year, and the number of cdmo molecular tubes continued to expand from 2023h1 to 2819 as early projects progressed to a later stage; of these, the number of high-value-added commercialization projects increased rapidly from 21 in 2019.
Fifty-six out of 2023h1, resulting in greater elasticity in the company's chemical business. Figure 28: Annual growth in the number of corporate “winners” (units: 1) Figure 29: Continuous expansion in the number of cdmo molecules (units: 1)
3.2. Expanding formulation cdmo operations to strengthen upstream and downstream integration service capacity, “Self-building + M & A” fast-expanding formulation cdmo production capacity. In 2007, the company officially launched the formulation cdmo business block building, accelerated by self-established drug formulation research and development centres and production bases, as well as by extended M & As.
In 2021, the entire pharmaceutical industry acquired the 100-hour U.S.S.U.'s gmp production base in Kuway, Switzerland, and became the first manufacturing base in Europe for the entire pharmaceutical industry.
(b) The construction of a solid formulation project consisting of two production workshops;
It is expected to become operational in 2025. In 2021, the company completed the launch of the new tin-free formulation research and development centre, and the package will become a full-scale pharmaceutical industry in the United States.
The second formulation base was built. In 2021, the company acquired the 100-hour value of the Pesquisher Treasure.
In 2016, the production base of the gmp formulations in Scooway, the United States of America, became the one where the plant became operational, and Santiago was the world's largest producer.
Based on the global leadership of the small molecule cdmo service base, the company has developed a full-scale service platform for the formulation cdmo, which provides multi-agent-type development and manufacturing services. The company now covers a variety of generic and specialized formulation technical platforms, such as oral solids, oral solvents/mixed fluids, injections, microballs, slow-dismantling clothing, child formulations, etc.
There is a capacity to provide integrated services for drug research and development institutions and holders to supply raw materials to preparations, corporate formulation platforms are gradually gaining client approval, and multiple project pipelines are moving forward to commercialization. By the end of 2021, the company had four formulation projects in commercial production and eight formulation projects.
At the clinical ii or Nda application stage, the formulation cdmo operation is constantly accelerating. Figure 31: The formulation cdmo operation is developing at an accelerated stage (units): 3.3. Built nucleotide and polythium technology platform, with fast-growing operations related to new molecule types
Fly nucleic acid is a linear polynucleic acid fragment that is connected to 2-10 nucleic acid residues and has a wide range of applications in modern molecular biology research as a quote for dna synthesis, genetic probes, etc. In addition, the frost & sullivan can suppress or replace certain genes and have pharmaceutical development value.
The global market for nucleotide drugs, which reached $2.7 billion in 2020, is expected to reach $10.9 billion in 2025, with a combined growth rate of 32.2% in 2020-2025, and is at a booming stage. Polythermal molecules have both advantages.
Subchemicals are stable, pure, high-quality, controlled, and have the advantage of protein properties, high bioactivity, extensive applications in immunization, diabetes, bone and tumors, and growing market demand. The global market for polypazine drugs has grown steadily, from 21.5 billion yuan in 2015 to 33.1 billion in 2020.
In 2018, the company started the operations related to nucleotide and polyazine, and in recent years it has continued to build capacity. In 2022, the public administration officially launched a building for the production of nucleotide and polyazine, which caters to global customers for nucleotide and polyazine.
By the end of February 2023, the company had 27 nucleotide production lines and a multi-plastic synthesifier with a total volume of more than 10,000 litres, and more than 1,000 people in the nucleotide and multi-platinum research and development teams. The new molecule type-related business (tides) is growing rapidly, and the number of service clients and projects continues to grow.
The company's tides operations, which were dominated by the nucleotide and polythium projects, achieved 2,037 million yuan in 2022, an increase of 158.3 per cent in the same year, of which d&m earned 1,578 million yuan; the number of clients of d&m services reached 103, an increase of 81 per cent in the same year: the number of d&m service providers reached 189, an increase of 91 per cent in the same year.
In 2022, 16 related cmc projects were completed. The fast-growing tides business is expected to open up the upwards of chemical plate growth. 3.4. Intra-sea outreach + production capacity is released in an orderly fashion, and crdmo is growing in scale.
In order to better serve clients and make efficient use of global resources, the company currently has eight research centres, seven development centres, and 10 production centres. China’s human resources are low-cost and have a complete upstream/downstream chain of industries and domestic producers.
Prior process development: moving later production projects overseas can be effective in increasing logistics speed, and companies' offshore plants are mainly taking on dp commercial orders. The company’s combined domestic and foreign production capacity helps to consolidate resources to meet the sustainable release of domestic and external production, and the scale of the crdmo continues to grow. In 2022, the company completed three phases,
The commissioning of the usual factory and the deployment of the Wuhanhua Central Headquarters have further enhanced the capacity and size of the global crdmo platform; at the same time, the company continues to promote the design and construction of a number of facilities, such as Changzhou, Tinless, Delaware, and tuas, Singapore, which will in the future better meet the needs of global clients. As of 2023q1, the company already has six facilities worldwide.
Raw materials pharmaceutical bases, 5 dp bases and 2 nm new molecular bases, the continued release of new production capacity provides a strong guarantee for the rapid growth of chemical operations. 4, wuxitesting: testing platforms are strong and clinical operations continue to be active
The business of wuxitesting is composed mainly of laboratory analysis and testing services and clinical cro/smo units. The company's bioanalysis operation has been in place since 2005, and over 18 years of development has led to the liberalization of disease control in the country, and its clinical development has warmed up.
4.1. Building on a powerful global analytical testing platform, the first-class testing platform is strong and provides first-class services. The Drug Mind Testing Department (laboratorytesting protocol, ltd) has a full-scale analytical testing platform that provides global clients with access from drug discovery to product listing.
The analytical services required at various stages, such as pharmacological and toxicological services, bioanalytical services and testing services, help clients to select the best lead compounds and sustain the process of developing new drugs.
dmpk services provide a full range of non-clinical safety assessment services for global clients such as biological products, small molecules, natural products and vaccine drugs.
From 2016 onward, a new drug research and development project management and declaration one-stop service will be launched.
The company has a glp laboratory in both China and the United States, which adheres to the highest global quality standards and has been verified through institutions such as npa, fda, etc. over the years.
The m2 and 25,000m2 laboratories are operational: the 55,000m2 laboratories in Suzhou and Kaidong are under construction as planned and are expected to be operational in 2023, when the total laboratory area will increase from 125000m2 to 180000m2.
I don't know, china 100,000sq.m. inusecapability qidong
suzhou Table 8: Continuous expansion of capacity, provision of security for taking orders, 4.2. Clinical coro and smo lead in business and develop robustness
The company's Ito subsidiary, Kandechon Wing, provides a full range of clinical research services for global clients, ranging from i-clinical research to final declaration registration and be-testing. The smo service is another major component of the company's test plate, relying mainly on the company's drug Mingjin-seok to provide high-quality pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies at home and abroad.
Quantities of services, with extensive experience in the operation of i-iv clinical research projects. The development of the co-operation relies mainly on personnel to complete the project packages, and companies have continued to increase their pool of talent for the development of clinical research services.
In 2022, the company’s clinical coro team provided services for a total of about 200 projects, enabling clients to obtain 15 clinical test batches; 20231, assisting clients to obtain eight clinical test batches and file three listing applications.
In 2022, the Smo industry grew 23.5% over the same period in the previous year, with a steady increase in hand orders of about 35.6%.
5. wuxibiology: The world ' s largest drug discovery biology platform, with new enabling scores, has a full chain of high-level technology, with clear acceleration and synergy.
The world’s largest drug discovery biology platform provides a full range of biological services covering major disease areas such as tumors, autoimmune diseases, and rare diseases. Corporate bio- and chemical operations have more overlapping clients, generating 1,233 million yuan, a 13.02% increase, and the pace of growth has been reduced mainly by the early integration of operations into the global economy.
New drug screening techniques at this stage include known active compounds, hts, sbdd, fbdd, del, etc. where research based on known active compounds and hts remain the dominant strategy for the development of new drugs, but drug discovery strategies based on new technologies such as del, fbdd, etc. are also widely used and are gaining the attention of scientists.
Launching the fourth-generation del test box to help powerful clients to efficiently screen the sap compounds. A single drug discovery platform is not sufficient to meet the current complex target screening, the company integrates the technology, protein production and drug discovery platform based on protein structure, and the fourth-generation del test box was launched in 2021 to help clients move in more efficiently.
As of 2023h1, the company ' s business service account had more than 1,600 clients, with more than 90 billion del points, 6,000 unique molecular stents and 35,000 molecule blocks, which give full visibility to the company ' s first-class service levels in drug discovery platforms.
In 2022, the income of the new molecule class increased by 90%. The company continued to increase its services to new molecule types such as nucleotide, cancer vaccine, protac, viral carriers, adc, etc.
The company cumulatively delivered more than 260 adc pharmaceutical projects: Protac platform-related revenues amounted to $474 million in 2019, and 2016-2019cagr amounted to 111.6 per cent, driven by a strong and wide range of new molecular types of service capabilities to actively expand the global production profile of biological operations.
These include Shanghai, Suzhou, Nanton and Chengdu in China, Boston, Cranbury, Santiago, and Munich in Germany. Suzhou's 30,000m2 Biology Operations Center and Guangdong's 2000m2 Large Animal Pharmacology Center are expected to be operational in 2023-2024, with capacity building accelerating.
Cellandgenetherapy, cgt, is a gene therapy carrier that converts the therapeutic genes from the outside to the cells, then changes the cells through trans-routing and translation of the genes from the outside.
Genetic expression is a cure for disease. After small molecules, antibody drugs, a new generation of precision medicine, represented by cgt, is rapidly emerging, hopefully leading the third industrial transformation of biopharmaceutics. The company wuxiatu’s forward-looking layout area, cgt, creates a unique “ctdmo” business model, and supports the development and production of cgt projects.
Figure 50: Rapid growth in cell and gene therapy 6.1. High rate of outsourcing in the cgt sector, rapid growth in the cgtcdmo sector, global concentration of cell and gene therapy products and rapid growth in the industry.
A global wave of research and development was triggered, with a virus-based glybera approved as the first gene therapy product in Europe and America through the mama in 2012; two car-t products from Kymriah in Nova and Kate in 2017 were approved by fda to market, raising industry confidence in cell gene therapy products.
US$ 19.9 billion a year, providing sufficient capital support for biotech research and development. Figure 51: cgt products triggers a boom in financing (in millions of US dollars), accompanied by rapid growth in the cgt sector and rapid expansion of the cgtcdmo market.
Data show that the global market size for cgtcdmo was $1.72 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach $7.86 billion in 2025 and 35.5 per cent in 2020-2025cagr; and that the Chinese market for cgtcdmo, which was 1.33 billion yuan in 2020, was rapidly expanding and the industry was approaching a period of gold development.
Figure 52: Steady growth in the global cgtcdmo market (in billions of United States dollars) Figure 53: High growth in the Chinese cgtcdmo market (in billions of yuan) 6.2, creation of a unique “ctdmo” business model, sustained expansion of support lines
The company has an in-house testing service for cgt products that is not available in traditional cdmo enterprises, in cells and diseases.
The company completed its acquisition of oxgene in the United Kingdom in January, where the unique technology could be introduced in a short time for high-yield slow-viruses and aav, significantly increasing productivity and reducing costs. In March 2022, the company officially took the lead.
In August 2022, the company announced its TesaTM technology licensing agreement with Jansen, a unique technology platform that will provide companies with significant business opportunities.
The company provides services mainly in three main areas of business. (1) Mass particle production platform: provision of full-scale, integrated customized services from the phyto-stereotype structure to the clinical production of gmp grade particles: (2) slow-virus and gland-related diseases. Toxic carrier ctdmo platform: efficient provision of decisions from viral vector construction to quality testing release to global clients.
One-stop service: (3) automated, standardized, fully closed cell therapy platform: a service model for integrated development, production, and detection of home and heterogenetic cytotherapy. The unique “ctdmo” model aid project pipeline continues to expand.
As of 2023h1, the company provided development and production services for 69 cgt projects, two of which are in the Nda phase.
Two projects are in the nda preparatory stage: the company has helped one United States client to complete the first til project in the world and one Chinese client to complete the bla application for the car-t lvvv project, which is expected to be the first commercial production project in the second half of 2023.
The company's acquisition of world-class platform oxgene, which effectively complements the technical scope of Atu's operations, together with an orderly expansion of capacity, restored the cgt block collection to a positive growth rate in 2022. The wuxiatu harvest in 2022 was 1.308 billion yuan, an increase of 27.40 per cent; of that, it was measured that
Pilot business income increased by 36 per cent over the same period, and process development business income increased by 43 per cent over the same period. 6.3, cgt capacity expanded in an orderly manner to match growing demand for orders, in addition to the introduction and upgrading of technology platforms, wuxiatu continued to expand production capacity to match the growth of orders.
The company has established or plans to establish cgt R & D production bases in China, Philadelphia, the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore, among them three Cgt testing centres, nine development centres, and six production bases; as of 2022h1, the company ' s global cgt production facilities have reached 67, which strongly underpins the rapid development of cgt operations.
Figure 56: Companies establishing multiple cgt R & D production bases at home and abroad Figure 57: Companies ' cgt global production facilities grow year by year, and the capacity of cgt operations at and around the sea continues to expand. In 2021, new cgt process R & D and traders in Shanghai
The Industrial Production Centre is officially operational. As the fourth global production base, the Centre will be a powerful complement to the global corporate network of global operators, providing more efficient services to global clients; the expanded base in Philadelphia, the United States, was officially launched in November 2021, and the post-partum delivery will triple the ability of companies to detect high-end cell and gene therapy.
With regard to external M&As, the company completed its acquisition of oxgene in 2021, and the company will use the unique technology of oxgene to enable global customers to provide them with more competitive services and products. 7, wuxiddsu: Explore ways to enable China to develop new medicines.
In 2013, the company began the operation (ddsu) of the National Department of New Medicines Development and Development Services, which uses the excellent technology platform to enable domestic pharmaceutical companies to accelerate the process of developing new medicines. The service process includes targeting options tailored to the needs of clients.
In addition to receiving revenues from new drug R & D services, the company will obtain a milestone share of the future external authorization of the product and a proactive upgrade of the ddsu operation after the product is marketed, with a certain volatility of performance in the short term and a long-term view of the development of the niche if the project is successful.
As a result of changes in the domestic market environment and the new clinical value-oriented guidelines issued by the National Drug Control Authority in 2021, public annual ddsu operations received 970 million yuan, a drop of 22.5 per cent compared to the previous year; and 2,022h1 battalions received $342 million, an increase in the clinical drive of clients after the same time, with more sales to be collected by companies in the future.
As of 2023h1, the company had cumulatively completed 184 end-of-purpose declarations and obtained clinical trial batches for 155 projects, of which 2/2/5/30/70 were already on the market for phase /nda/iii/ii/1 and 2/2/5/70 per project for which a clinical application had been submitted or was in the clinical phase.
Approximately 70% of the clinical progress of the project is ranked among the top three of China’s candidate drugs, which has an advantage in the speed of development. Figure 60: The ddsu operation continues to enable China’s new drug research and development (units: one) The number of new drugs on the market is expected to increase continuously, and the sales share of income contributes to the high growth of the ddsu operation. 2023h1.
Two new drugs developed by the company for its clients have been marketed (one for oral antiviral innovations and one for the treatment of swelling tumors); and 2023q2, the company has received a share of the revenue from its first customer sales, from zero to one. As more and more ddsu clients are on the market, it is expected that the plate will recover by about 50% over the next decade.
Combined with growth, it contributed to the high growth of ddsu operations. Figure 62: The number of new drugs on the market is expected to continue to increase, with sales being split into income contributing to the high growth of ddsu operations, profit projections and investment proposals
At this stage, with the continued strengthening of the service capacity of the operations and increased capacity expansion, we anticipate that: (1) the chemical plate will remain the core business of the company and, with the continued expansion of the cdmo molecule line, performance is expected to increase (5) the active replacement of the ddsu operation, short-term income fluctuations will decline, but the good plate will grow over time.
(6) As revenues increase, the company’s sales, management, R & D and financial cost rates are expected to be steady. After 23 years of development, the drug Myung Conde has created a unique business model of crdmo and ctdmo to provide integrated, end-to-end new drug research and development and production services to global clients.
Business, the rapid development of new molecule types of business, is expected to open up further opportunities for growth: testing and biology is a strong synergy of chemical operations and is expected to grow robustly. In the medium and long term, the integrated, end-to-end, new drug development and production services platform that companies have built can provide a full range of services to clients, improve their stickyness and hope to do so.
The company is expected to double its net profit in 2023-2025. We've chosen to compare the head of domestic pharmaceutical outsourcing services, similar to those in Ming Condé, with Kaleyn, Conlon, and Teg. The Ping Condex valuation is slightly lower than the average valuation of comparable companies; as a global one.
Crdmo flagships, companies will maintain a leading competitive edge in the industry, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating, domestic policy changes, reduced demand for outsourcing services for drug research and development, loss of core members, industry competition