The rate of growth is slightly higher than expected, the rate of growth of the non-new crown business is higher, the rate of revenue growth of the company 1h23 is higher than expected, and the rate of profit is slightly higher than expected. The impact of the removal of the commercialization of the new crown, with 2q/1h23 income + 40 per cent/+28 per cent, the growth of the non-new crown business is strong.
• 1h23 revenue increases are in line with company guidelines and profit increases are slightly higher than expected. 2q/1h23 revenue and changes in the flat income structure have resulted in +1 pcts; non-ifrs net profit from mother + 22%/+19%. wuxichemistry: Tides high growth in business, with new crown commercialization projects expected to take place throughout the year
3 billion yuan. 2q/1h23 revenue + 3%/+ 4%, elimination of the new crown commercialization project, plate with 583 new molecules to 2819 (56 commercial and 59 in iii). The board is expected to still have RMB 3 billion in revenue related to the new crown (approximately $9.2 billion in vs 2022).
• wuxitesting: Clinical business recovery, where laboratory analysis and testing are expected to increase rapidly.  wuxibiology: new molecular business increases bright. 2q/1h23 income + 18%/+ 13%,
+28.8 per cent of the 69 pipeline projects, of which 7 were in the iii period (2 on the bla scale) — wuxiddsu: continued to be hit by a downturn in domestic order demand. 2q/1h23 income - 18 per cent/-
• Investment risk: changing financing environment; geopolitical risks; project failure or delay due to the epidemic.
Analysis and Forecasting of Financial Statements - Performance of the Pluming Condt (2359.hk) Pil-Yung International Guidelines and Core Business Group
The company maintains year-round revenue guidelines, and upwards the noon-ifrs Mäori acceleration and free cash flow acceleration guidelines. The company maintains the previous 5-7% growth guidelines.
Wuxichemistry: 2q/1h23 income + 3%/+4%, elimination of new crown commercialization project, plated up to 2819 molecules (56 commercialized, 59 in iii), with the company’s small molecule d&m now accounting for about 16% of the global market. Moreover, the company is not involved in price wars, and the Māori ratio is due to exchange rate and efficiency.
7 projects in the ii period (2 in the bla phase) and 1h23 global financing for the health-care industry fell by 29% to $30.2 billion on a year-on-year basis, according to the anorexic oranges data.
China’s financing dropped by 43% to $5.7 billion. Molecular plates show a 24.38% decline in biopharmaceuticals globally/China, and equipment and consumables globally/China’s funding decline on average.
With the Federal Reserve ending its interest hike, we believe that global investment is likely to return to a warmer level.
Pilgrim International Spdbi's optimism and pessimism scenario Pessimism: corporate growth is not as high as expected
· Euro-American pharmaceutical companies cut R & D spending and suspended R & D projects.
(c) Failure of projects at the R & D stage, resulting in loss of customers and an impact on income
The new business is generating more growth.
· Euro-American pharmaceutical companies cut R & D spending and suspended R & D projects.
(c) The new business creates more growth dynamics.
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have indicated and assured that they are entitled to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.