The high rate of growth in company performance during the reporting period was mainly due to polyester products, stones, and esters.
In the reporting period, demand rebounded, global multiple devices operated abnormally, resulting in higher prices for mdi, while overseas demand recovery sales, including in Europe and the United States, increased. Market data show that mdi continued to rise in the first quarter of 17 years, with a slight adjustment in the second quarter, but with a slight adjustment in the second quarter.
In comparison with the same period last year, it remained high, with three quarters of the industry moving into a full season, and downstream demand improving, leading to repeated high prices for mdi. In 2018, the net mdi market median was maintained at $2.3 to 355 million per ton, while the aggregate mdi price was $2.1 to 44,000 per ton. The price difference between mdi and the raw material pure benzene, etc.
The company is currently the world’s largest manufacturer of the autonomous intellectual property rights of mdi manufacturing technology, with about 20% capacity, a prominent voice, and the firm’s active reliance on the technology and production advantages of mdi.
Construction of 300,000 tons of tdi devices is expected to be built in 2018. Companies will enhance their competitiveness in global markets by expanding their overseas markets in comparison with overseas competitors in terms of product quality, cost control, etc.
Formerly, in the context of steady growth in downstream demand, the additional production capacity of mdi globally was absorbed, with little pressure on production capacity, and the future pattern of mdi is expected to remain tight or even-handed.
Do. In recent years, business holdings in Hungary bc owned 300,000 tonnes/year, tdi 250,000 tonnes/year, pvc 400,000 tonnes/year, pvc 369,000 tonnes/year, and performances have also been increasing, bc assets have been injected into expectations, and the company ' s industry has been reasonably configured globally.
The company's strategic layout is clear, it's based on smoke stations, Ningbo, Pearl Sea, and so on, and it combines the primary mdi products with the petrochemical industries of epoxypropanes, acrylic acids and esters, and gradually develops downstream functional products to extend and improve the company's industrial chain layout and to safeguard the mdi.
The construction of new material projects, pc, tdi, mma, pmma, etc., based on urban gate b, and stable petrochemical production, is also progressing steadily, bringing new performance growth points to the company and the future along with the corporate world.
The industry profile within Open Source Securities Inc. is expected to be a major international chemical player, looking forward to the company’s development.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.