China: The original material 2/28 company continues to raise the price of pure mdi up to the January announcement that 70,000 tons of pc items are officially available.
At the end of the year, there will be 130,000 tons of inputs. In addition, 300,000 tons of tdi projects are expected to continue until the end of the year.
The Ethylene project has been announced in 10/27 that the company has completed the continuous separation of the company into a van Walsum.
The industry and the Mandarin Chemicals continue to look after the world's mdi dragons, the new stockholdings, but in fact the controlling man is still the smoke station capital.
The project is expected to lead to further release of its performance. The company’s profile is that the global production of mdi (diphenylmethane diocyanate) is a leading business, mainly in research development, production and marketing of the various products of the amphetamine series, the aromatic powder series, thermoplastic polyurethane arrays, and the production, production and sale of the products of the global mdi (diphenylmethane diocyanate).
The stockholders have completed a continuous split, and the stockholders have raised the price of pure mdi in March.
With the completion of a continuous division, the re-assembly continues: 2/1 companies announced that the controlling stockholder, the controlling stockholder, would complete a continuous split between the managing firm, which would be a van der Waals firm, and the van Wads company, which would be a new company.
Volvo Chemical, who holds 47.924% of the company’s shares, is still effectively controlled by the Smoking House National Committee. 2017/12/5 stock runs out of stock, 12/19 enters the major asset re-assembly program, and investors report on the event, indicating that they are planning this major asset re-group with the goal of placing it on the market as a whole.
Rmb 1,429.5 million to continue the process of internal consolidation, using the company as the only listed platform for the chemical industry, which is under the control of the company ' s shareholders (million shares)
It is an important measure for companies to fulfil their commitment to avoid and resolve competition and maintain the independence of listed companies. If the separation program is approved, the 25.5% of the shares of bc and Ningbo-Wan-Wan-Wan-Wan will be changed to the name of the All-China Chemicals.
The company continues to raise the price of pure mdi to 317,000 tons (up from $1,000 in February), mainly due to a clean debt ratio (2018f) driven by Tao's force majeure.
The price of 2/27 stood at a high price of 358,000 tons, 16% higher than the price of 308,000 tons at the beginning of the year, 49% higher than the market rate (2018f). The former market was in the middle of the season, but the price of mdi was still high, and the previous March was pure mdi/polymer.
The average price for direct/polymdi sales is 3.02/2.64/2.63 million per ton, with a simple profit sheet (rmb million) maintaining a flat price.
The new project is still expected to maintain high prices for the year. The new project will continue to deliver booster performance, maintaining the purchase rating target of $50.3: 70 million tons in January, and 130,000 tons by the end of the year, as well as 300,000 tons of tdi by the end of the year.
In addition, the company’s functional materials series, special chemicals department is expected to continue and continue to produce the company’s performance gains. Volcanic chemistry is not just the best in the mdi world.
First, with a price-based lead, it is also using its advantages to extend the chain of production. If bc is injected smoothly, it will strengthen the company’s position, expand the market, and bc has significantly improved the quality and performance of its products under the management of the city, and the asset debt rate is expected to fall below 80% in 17 years.
An analyst's statement and an important disclosure can be found in the attachmenta.
+8621-6187-3824 Disposing this company may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of the report. Investors should consider this report only as one of the considerations when making investment decisions.
Mandarin Chemistry (600309ch) China: Original Material Appliance: Important Disclosures
Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study, and who is responsible for writing the certificate or certificate issuer in this report, has stated that: (a) all the points in the paper accurately reflect his personal views on each certificate or certificate issuer; and (b) the specific investment proposals or observations made by the analyst in this study are not directly related to any part of his or her past, present or future pay, nor are they directly related to the three-year history of chemistry (600309ch) - investment advice and target prices.
Note: a = share price adjusted for equity and cash equity; b = target price not adjusted; c = target price adjusted for equity and cash equity. The impact of staff attrition has not been reversed in a.b. or c. Purchase: We have a positive view of the stock based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or relative rates of return during the investment period for the file. This view is based on the Centre’s prospects for the stock, financial statements.
The idea is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, typologies, evaluation information, and risk profiles.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, issues, valuation information, and risk profile. Selling: We have a negative view of the stock based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or comparable rates of remuneration during the investment of the stock.
The evaluation: The Centre’s forecast, rating, target price is still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock. Restrictive rating: no rating and target price is given to comply with the rules and/or rules of the relevant decree and/or the dollar’s policy.
The content of this report is taken from sources recognized by the company, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report is not an offer or an invitation to sell any certificate. All the comments and estimates in the report are based on the company's findings on a given date, and changes will not be notified.
China: The present report provides only general information, information or any opinion, and does not constitute an inducement to any offer or offer of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is intended only for the general use of clients and is not intended to provide investment advice, nor does it consider the financial situation and objectives of any person who might receive the report.
This report does not contain any statement or guarantee of accuracy, integrity, or correctness, either explicitly or implicitly. This report does not (and should not be interpreted as such) in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in compliance with the law and that is the manager of the certificate or the firm, for the purpose of managing or trading the certificate in that jurisdiction.
In the United States, only major investors are reported to be registered under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and its amendments (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and by the United States Securities Exchange Commission). American investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates in this report are required to register under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and its amendments.
Taiwanns who want to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report should contact the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation by means of the following means:
Hong Kong citizens who wish to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report from Taiwan City, Taiwan 104 Nankingdong Road, are required to contact Yuan Dalian Co. Ltd. by:
18 Hae Fu Road, Hong Kong. 23rd floor, Hee Fu Center. China: raw material.
Mandarin Chemistry (600309ch)