The company’s performance is high, and in the future it is looking forward to the wanhua chemistry (600309) event: the company published its 2017 report, and the company achieved business income of $53.23 billion during the reporting period.
The increase of 76.49 per cent in the same year and the realization of a net profit of 11,134 million yuan on shareholders in listed companies increased the same year by a significant increase in the company ' s performance in 2017, which was historically high. The main reasons for this were: higher prices for the company ' s mdi series of products; good operations and increased sales of petrochemicals; and fine chemicals and new materials.
The steady growth of the fuel plate has provided a strong basis for a significant increase in corporate operating income. During the reporting period, corporate sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs were recorded at $1,417 million, an increase of 25.92 per cent, and corporate cost controls as a whole.
Significant income growth and greater cost-control capabilities have resulted in a combined Māori rate of 39.70 per cent, an increase of 8.62 percentage points over the same period.
The company currently owns 1.8 million tons of mdi production capacity, the world’s largest supplier of mdi, and has a combined capacity, cost, technology, etc., and a significant competitive market advantage. The polyurethane plate generated 29.8 billion yuan in 2017, representing 56 per cent of total revenue, while the product’s Māori ratio was 55.41 per cent.
This is an increase of 14.79 percentage points in the same year, benefiting from the high climate in the polyurethane sector. At present, the world's mdi is dominated by six major suppliers, Huanhua, Bassov, Kostov, Hensmi, Tods, and Japanese npu, with high barriers making it difficult to have new entrants, mainly from new production.
The overall supply pattern is stable with the expansion of the original supplier. According to the data from Begawa, 1.14 million tons of additional capacity is expected in 2018 (0.50 million tons in Hensmae Shanghai, Louisiana, and 400,000 tons in Coth created Brensbytel, Germany), but taking into account the device's driving.
At the same time, there is a high degree of uncertainty about the supply of new capacity for large-scale production. At the same time, there is a high risk of accidents in the country, which has an impact on the supply of the industry.
The company ' s petrochemical series achieved a revenue of $15.3 billion in 2017, an increase of 85.30 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 12.48 per cent, a decrease of 1.72 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to the low Māori rate of lpg trade
The company ' s petrochemical plates are mainly developing c3 and c4-vinylline derivatives, with a well-developed industrial chain of acrylic and derivatives, with a capacity of 750,000 tons. At the same time, based on technological advantages, based on the primary acrylic derivatives such as acrylic acid/butylol/epoxypropane.
The company will develop high value added products. In the future, the company will make a major effort to develop c2-vinyl derivatives, and will become a major domestic supplier of acrylic hydrocarbons and derivatives after the completion of the proposed million-ton ethylene industrial chain project, which will involve a greater number of downstream high-altitude and value-added derivatives.
□ Precision chemicals and new material plate construction new energy 4,197 million yuan for the series of fine chemicals and new materials, an increase of 53.66 per cent over the same period, with a Māori product rate of 31.50 per cent. Fine chemicals and new material plate will be a new engine for company development.
In 2018, the company produced 30,000 tons of pc per year, 30,000 tons of sap per year, and 300,000 tons of tdi per year will become operational and will provide important support for the company’s performance.
The issue of institutional mechanisms for the development of major assets through the temporary suspension of major assets on 5 December 2017 and the successive suspension of major assets since 6 December 2017; and the improvement of the talent development system through the targeting and positioning of high points.
To build on the long-term development of Manchuria, to lay a good foundation for the future development of the company, and to achieve corporate warfare as the world’s largest supplier of mdi, stable installation operations, reliable product supply, and expected to benefit from the high profile of the industry. At the same time, petrochemical plates, fine chemicals, and new material plates continue to grow.
It's working well and has great potential. We're looking at corporate development, upturning profit projections, and the prices of the company's 18-20 mdi products are expected to fall significantly, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new material plates are not growing as much as expected.
No rating, because the company is unable to obtain the necessary information, or because it faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.