During the first half of the year, there was a steady increase in the performance of vcs, which had potential for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre . Performance summary: the company published its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of 840 million yuan during the reporting period.
This represents an increase of 22.74 per cent over the same year, resulting in a net return of $410 million, an increase of 34.43 per cent over the same year, and a steady increase in performance, which is reported to have met expectations. Operating income grew by 22.74 per cent over the same year, excluding the dollar, and benefited from the continued growth of the global market of sexphones, with companies effectively opening up niche sales.
The net profits of companies have increased by 34.43% over the year, the Māori rate by 60.56% has remained high, the company's main products are more competitive, the dollar price is stable and the Chinese-American trade war has not affected them much, and the rate of Māori has fluctuated slightly due to exchange rates.
The appreciation of the United States dollar at the end of June resulted in an increase in exchange rate earnings; the company strengthened its management of the funds and achieved a certain return on investment, which increased by 3231.17 per cent over the year, and the impact of the exchange rate. Sales costs were mainly caused by increased investment in research and development for new projects: financial costs were reduced by 160.33 per cent over the year, and the dollar was collected.
The market share is the highest in the world. According to the U.S. market advisory frost & sullivan data, in 2017, the global market’s multimillion network sip desktops reached more than 2.9 million totals, surpassing the pre-existing U.S.-renowned telecommunications company, the Bretton.
In the reporting period, companies have achieved significant results in opening up their niches, and sales revenues have grown rapidly. At the same time, companies have become partners in a one-stop solution for Microsoft Video, with promising prospects.
In the meantime, corporate operations will continue to grow. *Vcs will focus on strategic inputs and further extend the scope of operations. *Vcs will extend the scope of corporate business from one desktop to a conference room, and the company will not only make terminals but also provide solutions.
Business income grew by 128.91% on a year-on-year basis, at a significantly higher rate than during the same period in 2017. The company further introduced end-products such as vc200, vc880 and co-products such as wpp20, based on the yms, to expand product coverage to meet the downward trend in the market,
The roll-out will begin at the end of the third quarter ... It is expected that the growth of the vcs business will be further enhanced: the ease of use and availability of the company's decision-making programmes will increase the competitiveness of its products; and channel construction will gradually begin to yield gains. 30.6 per cent of the compound increase in net profit returns over the next three years will be covered for the first time, with an “enhancement” rating.
One of the world's leading providers of a unified corporate communications terminal (URC) solution is the World's leading provider of Internet-based UTC solutions, combining R & D, sales and services, and providing smart, efficient BC terminal solutions to global business clients through an outward-office processing process.
The company is a provider of end-use solutions in a unified communications market and is committed to providing SMEs with four series of systems and other accessories. According to the US market advisory agency, frost&sullivan, 2017, worldwide.
The market’s multi-billion network of Sip desktops has reached more than 2.9 million totals, surpassing the pre-existing United States-renowned communications company, the Bollyton, and leapfrogging to become the first global market-owned tipphone provider. Figure 1: Company positioning in the telecommunications market
Main business has been growing steadily, and revenue and net profits have been increasing steadily. Corporate owners are on the market for SMEs abroad, and operating income is growing at a rate of 54.4 per cent, with a rapid rise. In 2017, company owners continued to grow, generating business income of 1,388 million yuan, a 50.2 per cent increase, and net profit returns of 591 million yuan, the same amount.
In the first half of 2018, companies achieved operating income of 840 million yuan, or 22.74 per cent more than in the first half of the year, and a net return to the mother of 410 million yuan, or 34.43 per cent more than in the second half of the year.
Revenues were 75 per cent, Dect 12 per cent, vcs 9 per cent, and spare parts 4 per cent. At the same time, income from operations cip, dect, and vcs remained at a faster pace of growth, especially with the new product vcs HD videoconferencing system, which increased by 128.91 per cent in the first half of 2018, with great potential for development, the sip unified desktop terminal and the dect unified communications wireless terminal
Income grew by 15.58 per cent and 33.09 per cent, respectively. (1) As the global market for Sipphone continued to grow, company-sip phone market occupancy was ranked first, and sip business grew or slowed. Income growth for operations is projected to be 24 per cent, 22 per cent and 20 per cent respectively in 2018-2020.
(2) The sales volume of company vcs products is rising better than expected, and there is a market expansion trend, coupled with a further 23-fold, 18-fold, 14-fold increase. We have selected four similar firms, such as smooth communications, starnet, Hinner Technology, and Koda, Suzhou, as comparable companies.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.