The company published its semi-annual report for 2018: $840 million in operating income, an increase of 22.74 per cent over the previous year;
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 410 million yuan, an increase of 34.43 per cent over the same period. >The performance of the first half of the year continued to grow at a high rate.
The impact of the boom on corporate revenue is certain, but the company maintains a relatively competitive market based on high-quality products and services, while strengthening financial management and achieving rapid growth. In the first half of 2018, the company ' s Māori ratio was 60.1 per cent, affected by exchange rate fluctuations, which declined slightly from the same period last year, but remained largely stable.
The market share of sip phones has been increasing, and in the global leading sipphone business, the firm has achieved significant results in deep farming in the market segments, resulting in a rapid increase in sales revenues.
In contrast to their European and American competitors, the advantage is further highlighted by the fact that, according to a recent survey by frost&sullivan, the company has the highest market share in the company’s sip phone. Sip product business accounts for nearly vcs’ income from the company’s main business and opens up room for company growth.
With the development of a unified communications platform and a Vcs terminal, companies are gradually building up a complete unified communication ecosystem. In the first half of this year, the vcs business has developed rapidly, earning $72.6 million, an increase of 139.5 per cent.
The first roll-out of the “Cloud View” service allowed users to use videoconferencing systems at a lower cost, meeting the downward trend of users of the videoconferencing market and facilitating market capture.
The company, while maintaining the market advantage of its operations, has made significant efforts to optimize the product structure of its operations in vcs, which is expected to be 23 times higher than public, 17 times higher, and 13 times higher, respectively.
70 times. Maintain the “recommended” rating. Increased competition in the market in the sip sector; vcs R&D promotion is less than expected.
Video two-wheel drive, shaping the international brand of unified communications, 2 and the report of the World Wide Web (300628), on leadership, structural optimization and high-speed expansion of operations
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yang Xiao, Master's degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term involvement in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 Joined the People Mye Xiang, Master of Economics, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two years of business experience as a operator, and in 2017 Joined the People's Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.