Keeping the product competitive, vcs became a new performance growth point strongly recommended (maintenance) for Liu Xu Feng (research assistant)
Multi-product sales revenue has steadily increased, with higher R&D inputs affecting short-term performance. Excluding the adverse effects of exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar, the company’s operating income has increased by about 30% over the same period last year.
Sales revenue was $99 million, an increase of 33.09 per cent over the same period; Vcs high-quality video conference system sales, which was the focus of corporate strategic inputs, generated 72 million yuan, an increase of 129 per cent over the same year. The company was rich in cash and generated 63.11 million dollars in the first half of the year in the proceeds of silver and property products.
The firm’s short-term performance is affected by a 40% increase. Sip’s business competitiveness continues to improve, with the world’s highest telemarket occupancy rate in 2017. According to the latest report, the volume of corporate ip desktops increased rapidly and compounded in 2014-2017.
A total of 24.7%, with 2.9 million shipments in 2017 and a market share of 26%, an increase of 6.7% over 2016, went beyond Bollyton to become the world ' s leading cip phone provider. The global sip terminal penetration rate was only 27.5% in 2015, and nearly 80% of the enterprises that have deployed unified communications products are now on board.
Top-heavily large enterprises, with low market penetration by SMEs, corporate operations covering 106 countries around the world, with a strong vcs business, sales are expected to be a new growth point for companies. In the past, many of the products in the market were targeted at large firms’ demand for videoconferencing, and companies seized full advantage of the SME market gap.
In 2018, companies continued to increase their investment, with the launch of a cloud vision service. Some 11 million small and medium-sized enterprises in the country will become new hot spots for the growth of the videoconferencing market, companies will increase their domestic sales capacity in the first half of the year, new product launches will start in 14 cities across the country, including Beijing and Guangzhou, and company products will enter.
Vcs will be the new growth point for companies in various institutions, such as Nakayama Medical, Taizhou Hospital, and the Sinakawa Court. The equivalent of 23 x, 18.5x, and 15x, respectively, of billions of pe, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.