Haeconway (002415) Māori rate rises and continues to develop a summary report to the iTech Corporation (002415)
42.72 per cent of the summary report/computer industry, an increase of 1.14 per cent compared to the previous year, continued to increase profitability, and continued to nurture innovative business and tap new growth engines
During the reporting period, market demand continued to grow steadily, with company operating income growing. The net return profit growth rate was relatively stable, and the video surveillance industry would enter a relatively stable growth phase in the medium to long term. Moreover, the company built on the accumulation of video surveillance industries and made a major effort to open up the product model and application market for the technology.
Investment mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, etc., are usefully explored upstream in the industrial chain. The sensitivity dimension is enriched by sensoric techniques such as the layout of non-refrigerated infrared, radar, etc. Companies are increasingly strengthening their product edges and niches, market operations in the field have been well developed, and corporate overall business performance has continued to grow rapidly.
Currently, based on the traditional video surveillance industry, the company continues to expand its innovative business of building core competitiveness in new business areas, such as Amphibious Smart Homes, Haikang Robots, and the Unit ' s comparison with the trend of 300 depths, such as seacom cars technology and seacomb storage.
>To continue to increase R & D inputs, to increase the accumulation of bottom-level technology R & D. Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs in order to enhance product competitiveness, reserve talent, management of companies in the first half of 2017, with 1,245 patents (of which 286 are patents for inventions, 317 for practical innovations, and 642 for appearances),
The company accounts for 7-8% of sales revenue per year, leading to an upgrade of its product. In 2015, it pioneered the launch of a central product called Eagle, Blade, a smart server, and in 2016 it continued to launch a deep-sighted camera, super-brain nvr,
These are advanced products that break homogenous competition, build new competition control points, consolidate and expand the competitive edge of firms, and drive companies to become more profitable.
On November 30, 2016, the world was known as the world ' s largest security firm, the digital, networked, intelligent witnesses, practitioners and key drivers of video surveillance.
Industrial Media a&s Security Automation launched the Global Security 50s list in 2016, which ranked Heconway at the top of the global list after the second year of global success in Asia in 2015, the second year of the Alliance.
For overseas markets, the company acquired the British alarm company Shl and its pyronix brand, supplemented the alarm business product lines, and acquired more marketing channels. The company established three new subsidiaries in Kazakhstan, Colombia, Turkey, three new offices in Thailand, Indonesia, and Dubai, and increased the number of overseas branches to 28, further improving overseas sales.
Selling networks, continuing the localization of sales and technology support and services. In the first half of 2017, companies received 30% of their revenues outside the country, and overseas markets continued to expand. We believe that growing global security markets will bring more imagination to Haekangway.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals and 19.7x. Watch the company’s global leadership in the field of screen monitoring and the development of innovative business, and one to one) the development of new business is not as expected; and two) the development of technology is not as expected.
A major country-specific project, with vehicle-related entrepreneurship experience, co-authored a book, Digital Control System Software Design (DSS) based on flatboard computers, joined in 2015 by the author with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced by any third party.