The Māori rate continues to rise.
Māori rates have increased further, and research and development inputs have continued to grow at a high rate. During the reporting period, companies continued to promote management change projects, continuously optimizing organizational capacity and improving operational efficiency, with a gross interest rate of 42.72 per cent in the first half of 2017 and an overall Māori rate of 41.58 per cent in 2016, an increase of 1.14 percentage points.
In the first half of the year, research and development invested 1,455 million dollars, an increase of 50.29 per cent over the same period last year, while strengthening the recruitment of talent in key productive sectors such as R & D, marketing, etc. The net cash flow of companies during the period was $1.943 billion, mainly for materials purchases and dues.
Taxes, end-of-year 2016 awards, etc., look at the financial reporting data since the company was listed. The negative cash flow of companies in the first half of the year is the norm, and receipts are concentrated in the second half.
Joint ventures, including joint ventures, have been usefully explored up in the industrial chain, integrating the electronics of automobiles owned by shareholders of companies during the reporting period, and creating an innovative business subsidiary, Haikang Storage Technology and Haikang Microfilm Technology. The company’s innovation business performance has remained promising, with 6.14 receipts in the first half of 2017.
New business includes Internet video (civil security), robotics, auto electronics, and we're looking at the company's layout in terms of innovative business, and it's going to work in synergy with the security industry.
Accumulation of the video surveillance industry, a major effort to develop the product model and application market of the ai technology, launched in 2016 the "Deep Eyes" series of smart cameras based on gpu/vpu and in-depth learning techniques, the "Super Brain" series nvr, the "Apocalypse" series of smart traffic products, the "Face Face" analysis.
Servers, moving from the one center to the one front end and back end products, and integrating them into solutions. The launch of the new generation of artificial intelligence plans will facilitate the landing and application of the one technology, and the industry is expected to come up with major strategic opportunities. We believe that the company is actively exploring them.
Innovative business, overseas business, is very forward-looking, and we judge that these two operations can make a significant contribution to the performance of the Department.
Figure 5: Corporate R & D costs [Hai Conway (002415) company stocktaking report]