Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey hey, hey hey, hey hey hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
Yang Minghui's announcement for the first half of 2017 was $16.448 billion in operating income.
Over the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $16,448 million, an increase of 31.02 per cent over the previous year, with robust growth in all business sectors. The Centre ' s control equipment and innovation continued to grow rapidly.
In the first half of the year, net profits increased by 26.22 per cent, slower than income growth, which was due to a number of factors. 1) In the first half of the year, companies continued to strengthen their marketing networks and to increase their R & D investment.
This resulted in faster increases in sales and management costs; (2) negative shifts in financial costs in the first half of the year due to exchange rate fluctuations; and (3) significant increases in bad corporate debt and inventory price losses in the first half of the year, resulting in an increase in impairment losses of assets.
The company’s Māori rate reached 42.72% in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.61 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, and its profitability continued to rise.
The net cash flow from the company ' s operations in the first half of the year was approximately $1.9 billion, which, despite negative purchases and end-of-year awards, was also associated with the receipt of payments for services for the purchase of goods.
The significant increase in the amount of cash given to employees corresponds to a 95 per cent reduction in the company’s off-the-books income in the first half of the year, as a result of the return of the value added tax overtax to the project from the off-the-shelf income to other gains, not from politics.
Meanwhile, the company invested 1,455 million yuan in research and development in the first half of the year, and we believe that corporate business development is stable, profitability continues to grow, and that increasing investment in research and development and the strengthening of marketing systems are expected to continue to build on the lead in building the sea.
With the technology leading, new products, new businesses are really leading by artificial intelligence in the country. The company is in video surveillance.
New smart products are constantly being introduced in the control industry, and new artificial intelligence maps are being created using the ai technology to extend to new business.
In the main video surveillance industry, the company has launched a series of new smart products, such as the Deep Eyes camera, the Super Brain, the smart security layouts of the Bureau, 20170419 nvr, and the Facebook analysis server, which is hot in the market.
The company has now completed full product coverage, moving from a simple equipment service provider to a video-monitoring solution that has integration capabilities, with a product depth and breadth, while the company continues to expand into new operations, taking advantage of its technological advantages in the area of artificial intelligence.
Endurance and positive results have been achieved. 1) The company's fluorescent cloud system is resourceful, cloud-friendly, successful in remote user surveillance of places such as home, and is rapidly developing, and is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses this year. 2) Robot business: "Anthropological" smart warehouse robots are fast, flexible, stable, stable.
Precision, which has been successfully used at the Xin Xiaoling Centre and the Icoola storage centre, has been well received by the company’s manufacturers. At the same time, in the area of industrial cameras, the company has autonomously developed machine visual products such as surface cameras, linear cameras, stereo cameras, industrial smart cameras, visual control devices, etc., to support the development of 4.0 in the power industry.) Automobile electronics: the company relies on its artificial intelligence images.
The smart driving market, such as car recorders, smart rear-view mirrors, and vehicle-mounted surveillance cameras, has successfully entered the back-loading market. The company is expected to become a mobiileye in China in the electronics sector, leading China’s adas and auto-driving development.
The company, which is well-developed and growing in profitability in the main video surveillance industry and is at the top of the industry during the smart change process, is expected to be the biggest beneficiary of video surveillance intelligence.
Given the company’s leading position in the area of artificial intelligence and its leading role in video surveillance, it has been undervalued, the video surveillance industry has been downgraded, and the innovation business has not developed as expected.