Improved panel supply and demand, warm-up of the lcd flagship industry Deep-cultivated lcd industry, up-to-date performance restoration: the deep-cultivated semiconductor of Kyoto East shows industry and has now developed into a global lcd industry leader, with the main business comprising displays, smart systems and health services III.
The core business is a display, with 12 volume production lines and 1 in progress, of which 10 are lcd lines and 6 are g8.5 and above. The company achieved 33.7 per cent growth in business in the first three quarters of 2020, accompanied by improved panel supply and demand, a price increase cycle, and a marked recovery in performance in the third quarter.
Improved supply and demand structure of the industry, strengthened leadership: On the supply side of the industry, the Korean factory Samsung, the lgdisplay announced a-other parts of the Kyoto sector to step out of the lcd panel industry, limited additional production capacity of the country ' s lcd, accelerated concentration of the industry, leading to delivery.
On the demand side, the demand for the in-home accommodation caused by the beneficial epidemic, the postponement of sporting events and the arrival of the traditional season of demand for the end, the urgency, full access to the upper-line price of the panel, and the upward trend from the medium-sized to the small-sized panel.
As a result, the overall supply and demand of the industry has improved significantly, and the continent’s poles have gradually gained a voice in the industry, which is expected to weaken as the new supply reduces the cyclicality of the industry, and has been further consolidated. The investment proposal is that companies, as domestic leaders, tend to balance supply and demand in the beneficiary sector, leading to a comprehensive rehabilitation of the basics.
Price competition affects the level of operating profits. Jung-hoon's concentration on semiconductors shows that the industry has grown over the years and has now grown into a global lcd industry.
At the head, the main battalion operations consist of three main panels of display devices, smart systems and health services, the core of which is display devices. An increase of 33.7 per cent in 2020 over the same period, accompanied by an improvement in panel supply and demand, into a price-up cycle and a significant restoration of performance in the third quarter. (i) LCD taps, three operations layouts
Founded in April 1993, the company is mainly involved in the production and sale of semiconductor monitors, which has grown and now comprises three major sections of displays, smart systems and health services, the core of which is shown as semiconductors, and according to the corporate intelligence advisory report, the company ranked first in the world in 2019 in terms of the volume of LCD panels and the size of the shipments.
Since the construction of the first g5tft-lcd line in Beijing in 2003, the company has invested in construction in Chengdu, Fertilizer, Ordos, Chongqing, Siangyang, Fuzhou, Wuhan, including the large-sized tft-lcd and amoled production lines. The company’s main business is currently structured around three main sections, portware, smart material combinations, and intelligent medicine workers.
These include displays of two major industries: sensors, sensors, and solutions, the core products of which are smart port devices in the fields of tft-lcd, amoled, microdisplay, and are widely used in mobile phones, tablet computers, laptop computers, monitors, television, vehicles, and apparelable devices.
The company currently has 12 mass production lines, one of which is in the process of being built, of which 10 are lcd lines, of which 8.5 and above are six, and the amoled lines, of which there are three, all six-generation flexible auled lines, including the construction of the Chongqing line.
On September 23, 2020, the company announced its intention to acquire the 80,831% shareholding of the company Nanjingg8.5 and the 51% shareholding of Chengdug8.6 Commune Division. The central panda G8.5 production line capacity is 60k/month, showing patterns of ips and va, the main products being mobile phones, laptop computers, monitors, television screens, etc.: the 120k/month production capacity of Chengdug8.6 production line, mainly for 23.8 - 70 intv.
As of November 24, the company issued a public announcement on the progress of the acquisition, and the company was finally awarded the final concession of the Nanjing telecommunications panda. If the acquisition succeeds, Kyoto East will add two large-scale production lines to the current level.