The global display of the new era of the panel is further advanced - Kyoto Orientala (000725.sz) first-time coverage report was made available in 2001 and the Kyoto Oriental Science and Technology Group Inc. (b0e) has gradually become a global display.
One of the panel leaders, lcd, is the world's leading producer. The company has nine production lines, three production lines, one production line, one production line, 14 production lines. Fertilizer, Vuhan 10.5 generation tft-lcd State capital management in Beijing.
In Beijing, where electronics are limited in responsibility, the line of production for amoled is largely based on a growing medium- and small-scale display of smart cars, tablet, etc.
The industry’s top priority is to benefit from higher panel prices: television and laptops as a result of the epidemic’s home economy.
The market price of the panel began to rebound in June.
The demand for the external Black Five and Christmas ready seasons has increased, global liquid crystal tv panel demand has remained strong, and the relative depth of the shares of the 300 indexes is expected to keep the prices of the liquid crystal tv panels up but up and down in four quarters.
The growth of performance will continue to generate incremental demand. The development of oled follows the trend of the times: compared to lcd, oled shows faster response speed, wider perspective, higher color saturation and wider work temperature. In recent years, therefore, oled has been on full screen.
New areas such as machines, foldable laptops, surface displays, wearable equipment, high-end vehicles, etc. are growing rapidly. With the completion of five amoled production lines in the east of Kyoto and planning for a combined capacity of about 212 k/month, companies are expected to continue to benefit from small and medium-sized scales showing a trend of increased technological awareness.
The proposed acquisition of electric panda-rich industry layouts: in the IT market, based on the medium panda +0xide game-based product lines, the acquisition of Kyoto East will enhance its differentiated competitiveness in the segmented market.
With hydis' team and technology, Kyoto East has continued to expand its ips capacity and technical strength, while Middle Panda tv's full capacity is va, and the acquisition of Kyoto East can complement existing technology and enhance public and summer Qing Qing.
He's the world's leading panel supplier, lcd's number one delivery, and we think the company's still the same.
For the first time, companies were given an “enhanced” rating for undervalued targets. Risk factors: the risk of panel price fluctuations, less progress on mergers and acquisitions than expected, Korea’s ability to exit further 1. Boe: the world’s leading panel supplier
1.1 Deep-farming portware business, active expansion of new areas of business, three major business blocks of the main battalion, deep-farm portware business, and the Tokyo Oriental Science and Technology Group Inc. (Boe) was created in 1993 and the company was listed in deep-seas business in 2001. The main business is the production and sale of tft-lcd,
In 2019, the Tokyo East continued to adhere to the transformation strategy of the physical network, and continued to strengthen capacity-building for the development of the transition, the need to apply the site of the excavation network, and the creation of a professional division of the competitive advantages of the market.
The upgrading of marketing, technology and systems capabilities has continued with the rapid development of three major career blocks, namely, port equipment (d/display), Smart Property Federation (s/system), and Wise Doctors (h/healthcare), of which the turnover of port equipment accounts for about 90 per cent.
The emergence of a network of things has broadened the pattern of product use and has pushed the company from a traditional business model to an intelligent port. Kyoto’s trend has been consistent with the times, no.
In July 2016, Kyoto was officially upgraded to a level of business positioning, i.e., semiconductors showing technology, products, and service providers accelerating their transformation into networked technologies, products, and service providers. In 2018, the company made a major effort to promote innovation in the dsh industry and realize the conglomerate era.
Specifically, in 2019, in the portware business, the company focused on accelerating the optimization of the traditional application structure of lcd and the transformation of innovation, promoting breakthroughs in the operating capacity of the oled, increasing customer stickyness and achieving a breakthrough in mega-size sales; in the Smart Group, the company will accelerate the transformation of innovation, enhance the management of the benefits, and break down service applications.
Programmatic requirements to provide ecological partners with ict end products and services: In the case of intelligent medicine workers, companies will promote the rapid replication of demonstration projects and successful models by developing and applying technologies such as deep-farm biochips, object networking, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
The size of the company ' s gross revenues has continued to grow at a high rate, amounting to $16.6 billion in 2019, close to $7.568 billion in net return earnings; in 2019, the semiconductor showed that the industry was at its longest and deepest low point in the history of industrial development, with increased oversupply, increased competition in the industry, and return of companies to their mothers.
As the structure of the company’s production line is becoming more optimal, and as market shares continue to rise, the ability to influence market supply and demand and prices is gradually increasing, and corporate overall profitability is expected to remain stable at higher levels. 1.2 tft-lcd is the leading industry globally, with the lcd being the world’s leading commodity.
As of December 2019, the company had 9 production lines, 3 production lines, 1 production line, 1 proposed production line, 14 items. Of these, the whole body weight, Vuhan 10.5 tft-lcd production volume could be effective after delivery. Filling the 65 and 75 inch capacity market gap; Chengdu, Syang, Chongqing 6 amoled production.
Lines are mainly located in the growing market for medium- and small-sized high-end displays of products such as smart cars, tablet, etc. When built, they can increase the market ownership of companies at medium- and small-sized high-end displays, especially in the soft-moled field, and further increase the profitability of companies.
lcd is the world's number one commodity. In 2019, Kyoto East already had smartphones, tablets, laptops, and the estimated share of the domestic market of the first half of the year's laptop panel providers, which will be 29.2%, with the first share. 2-7 of them will be Yoda PV (22.9%), Soda PV (20.6%), lg (16.2%),
Sharp (4%), Middle Panda (3.2%) and Dragontower (3%). The share of the top four manufacturers is close to 90%.
The tft-lcd production line, which marks China ' s tft-lcd industry as the world ' s leader, announced in August 2017 the construction of the second tft-lcd production line in Wuhan, which is now fully operational, and the tft-lcd production line in Wuhan. In terms of patents, as of 2019, the cumulative autonomous patent application in the Tokyo East was made.
Over 55,000, cumulatively authorized patents over 27,000. The U.S. patent service agency, ificlaims, ranked the company 13th in 2019 from 17th place in 2018, with the patented volume increasing by 33% from the same time, and ranked in the list four years in succession.
The company announced on September 23, 2020 that it would acquire the company Nanjingg8.5 at no less than the registered price.
The proposed acquisition of production line basics: (1) Nanjing g8.5 production line: total investment of 29.15 billion yuan, capacity 60k/month glass base plate, produced in August 2015, using oxidizer backboard technology, showing patterns including ips and va, with major products including mobile phones, laptop computers, monitors, tv, etc. (2) production of Chengdug8.6
Lines: A total investment of $28 billion, designed to produce 120 k/month glass panels, produced in May 2018, using oxidizer backboard technology, showing a pattern of va, with a primary product of 23.8-70 inches of tv screens. Substitute production lines, with a combined monthly capacity of about 540k, will be owned by the Tokyo East if the Nanking g8.5 production line is successfully acquired
Five 8.5 generation lines, with a combined capacity of close to 600k, account for about 50% of the world ' s 8.5 generation line capacity. Sigmaintell predicts that when the acquisition lands, it will have a significant impact on the competitive patterns of the tv and the tt panel market.
In the tv market, Kyoto East is now the world’s largest supplier of tv, and its size and competitive advantages become more pronounced after acquisition. Moreover, Kyoto East has continued to expand its ips productive and technological capabilities since the acquisition of Hydis’s team and technology, with little technology in the va market.
The tv production capacity of the middle teddy panda is va. The acquisition of Kyoto East can complement existing technology, strengthen the company’s position in the ips market, and ease short-term supply constraints on the vat surface. In this acquisition, the Episode will further optimize competition patterns in the liquid crystal panel industry, and the company’s leadership in the liquid crystal panel industry will be further enhanced.
The loss on the mark is still uncertain. Both projects under the banner of the Central Electric Panda are owned by another listed company, *st Dongko. *St Dongko owns 57.65% of the Nanking tablet, all of which show 11.43% of the shares. In financial performance, both companies are still in existence.
In the first half of 2018-2020, the Nanjing tablet revealed net profits of $14,998 million and accumulated losses of more than $27.7 billion over two and a half years. In addition, Kyoto East also suggested that since the Nanjing tablet showed that final concessions had not yet been identified, the trading parties had not signed a final deal, which would show a deal.
The above-mentioned acquisitions remain uncertain as the two parties have not yet signed an agreement on the transfer of equity.2 The industry shows that supply and demand patterns have improved and enter the industry into the harvest period Modern display techniques are divided mainly into cathode ray tubes (crt) and panels (fpd) with materials
The development of the technique is decreasing, and the current flatbed shows that the technology has replaced the display technology that has become global mainstream. Depending on the characteristics of the technology, the flatboard display technology (fpd) consists mainly of the LCD display (lcd), the plasma display (pdp), the organic luminous diode display (oled) and so on.
The field ratio is about 65 per cent; the market ratio is about 28 per cent for oled, and lasers show about 6 per cent, while other display techniques are at the advanced stage of development.lcd is the most mature and widely applied demonstration technology in the current tablet, mainly for electricity.
Visual, monitor, laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc. The current market is known as lcd, which refers mainly to the active matrix of the film transistor LCD (tft-lcd), which includes two techniques: the film transistor (tft) and the liquid crystal display (lcd), i.e., the LCD controlled by the film transistor.
Figure 9: Flatboard displays technology Figure 10: Mainstream shows the ratio of technology markets from the industrial chain, showing that upstream panels consist mainly of glass-based panels, liquid crystal material, glimmers, filters,
Backlight modules and drive-ic materials, which include the five main categories of mobile phones, tablets, monitors, laptops, computers, and televisions, are the most important applications for display panels, with more than 70% of the cargo in 2019. In recent years, vehicle screens and commercial monitors have become more rapidly disaggregated.
By the size of the glass-based plate used, the tft-lcd line can be divided into different generations. The number of generations that the manufacturer chooses to build the line is determined mainly by the application of the product at the end of the panel, the greater the size of the application, the higher the number of generations that are required for the economic cutting.
As demand for large-scale screens continues to grow, so does the number of production lines. 2.1 The epidemic has led to negative demand growth in lcd, and the accelerated withdrawal of Korean factories has led to improved competition patterns.
Computers, televisions, and monitors facebooks have fallen sharply in February. As the epidemic has become a new normal, home-based office/telelearning/online entertainment has driven new rigid demand monitors, laptops, brain, flatboard computers and television demand to rise in reverse, and the March epidemic has been effectively controlled.
Plants and panel manufacturers have largely resumed production and the upstream material plant has resumed extensive work, and the volume of panels has rebounded and sustained growth in March.According to connection data, the volume of large liquid crystal panels in the second quarter of 2020 was 219 million pieces, the ring ratio.
In the second quarter of 2020, the volume of tablet panels increased by 64 per cent, the size of laptop panels by 46 per cent, and the size of the plate by 31 per cent. In the second quarter of 2020, the volume of large liquid crystal panels increased by 9 per cent.
A 58 per cent increase in tablet computers, a 45 per cent increase in laptop computers and a 34 per cent increase in display panels, notably LCD panels, where, although the second quarter is only 1 per cent higher than the second quarter, LCD rings are 3 per cent higher, with a 6 per cent increase in LCD links 55 inches and above.
The demand for LCD panels decreased in April, but the panel factory actively reduced LCD panel prices. At the same time, the panel plant allocated more LCD panel production to the int panel to manage LCD panel production, electricity.
Figure 13: Flatboard panel output and speed increase Chart 14: Laptop panel output and speed increase
Figure 15: LCD panel exits and speed increases in the lcd industry pattern, with continental panel producers taking the lead. Prior to 2009, the continental panel industry was in its initial development phase, with global panel capacity concentrated mainly on Japanese-Korean and Chinese-Taiwan enterprises.
After the crash, the industrial landscape slowed down, the investment of overseas competitors slowed down, the mainlanders were pressing for opportunities to recyclically invest, the industrial chain was moving faster to the mainland, while the Korean panel industry experienced declining profits as a result of the rapid rise of the Chinese panel industry, which in recent years had declined, and the lcd industry had shifted to China in 2017 to date.
In April 2020, Samsung announced that the group would phase out the lcd panel production completely by the end of 2020, and that its lcd line now includes the l7-2 and l8 lines of the South Korean Mt.
On the 8.5-generation line in Suzhou, China, after full withdrawal from the lcd operation, Samsung will move fully to the qd-oled and oled display panels. In January 2020, in addition to Samsung, lgdisplay announced that it would shut down the production lines of the Korean lcdtv panel by the end of 2020, with only 8.5 generation lines located in Guangzhou, China.
In recent years, our panel producers have continued to accelerate the construction and commissioning of the high-generation lcd panel production line, which will continue to grow in 2019-2021, with a combined capacity of more than 60 million square metres. According to ihs, in 2018 mainland China surpassed South Korea, and the lcd panel could be the world’s top producer.
It is believed that in the future, China will further divide the global lcd market, which, according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, is expected to account for 61% of the world ' s market share by 2025. In 2019, the global market share of mainland Chinese producers reached 42.3%, making it the largest panel manufacturing base in the world.
Earth. According to ihs, the size of the lcd panel was measured as a caliber, and in 2019 there was a total of 4,086 million m2 of the large liquid crystal panel in the east of Kyoto, an increase of 20 per cent compared to the previous year. For the first time, more than lgd became a supplier of the large LCD panel with the largest area of global output; and the area of the Chinese PV was also released from 2018.
17.7 million square metres increased to 21.5 million square metres in 2019, an increase of 21.4 per cent over the same period, and other land plants, such as the Central Panda, Huike and Rainbow Photovoltaics, also registered a significant increase in the growth rate of output.
The volume of goods was 283 million, a 0.2 per cent decline in the same year, and the volume of goods delivered was 160 million square metres, an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year;
The annual display panel volume is 140 million pieces, a 5.2 per cent decline in the same year, and the area of delivery is essentially the same as the same. From the volume of deliveries, the number 1 lgd in the east of Kyoto follows closely. Figure 20: Structure of the volume of large-sized panels in 2019 (by area)
Figure 21: The volume structure of the 2019 television panel (by area) will accelerate integration, the concentration of the entire lcd industry will increase and competition will increase as the South Korean panel plant shuts down the lcd line and the continent no longer plans to build a new high-generation line.
The clearer it is, and the market shares are being concentrated on mainland China. The intelligence advisory data show that in the first half of the year 2020, when large 2.2 dimensions were cleared, the dot era led to large-scale panels for the continuous upgrading of lcd tv consumption. As television applications become more diverse, consumers are interested in films, films, and movies.
The average size of the tv panel has grown by an average of one inch per year over the last five years. According to the group wisdom consultation, the average size of the panel in 2014 was about 40.3 inches; in 2019, the average size of the panel was about 45.3 inches; and it is expected to be on television in 2020.
The average size of the plates will reach 46.7 inches; in 2019, 65 inch television cities accounted for 8.3 per cent, an increase of 2.3 per cent in the same year, and over 65 in the same year for 2.8 per cent, an increase of 1.2 per cent in the same year; and in 2020, 65 inch television is projected to account for 25: tv major sizes of the global market, 2018-2020
Figure 24: Global size of tv panel from 2014 to 2020, with a high level of clarity, is the future trend of the panel. The resolution increase will significantly increase the quality of the drawings shown by the panel over a full year. According to witsview, in 2019, the 4k television penetration rate was about 53.4%.
In 2022, 62.8% will be reached, and in line with the development of the 8k industrial chain, the congenial consulting is expected to produce more than 7 million pieces of 8k panels throughout 2022, and the penetration rate will rise to around 2%. The resolution rises with the expectation that the price of the panels will rise and increase the profitability of the panel producers; at the same time, the average size of the 8k television will be increased.
Higher than 4k TV, the 8k TV penetration rate will also boost the large-scale penetration of the panels, which are expected to benefit fully from large-scale, high-cleaning developments. The epidemic increases the size of the monitors.
The demand for fees was stimulated; at the same time, the commercial market for monitors was down and the procurement capacity of government and large enterprises was reduced, with 21.5 inches and below severely affected; and the smaller dimensions of 23.8 inches and above were more profitable than the 21.5 inches and were the market for brands and strategic layout of the upstream and downstream industrial chains.
The threshold size of the consumer market was 32 per cent in the first half of the year; demand in the consumer market continued to be strong at 27 inches, with an increase of 39 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the previous; the epidemic had a significant negative impact on the Internet cafe market, with a slowdown in the rate of 31.5 inches.
The resolution is the basis for the panel, but it is relatively slow to develop on the monitor, which is relevant to the desktop's constant "low-end" positioning image, but with the diversity of the monitors' applications, game design, video production, image processing, etc.
There is also an increase in the use of applications for growth in the industry sector, with a marked increase in demand for high-end monitors, with qhd and uhd penetration rates reaching 10.4 per cent in 2019 and, according to the Advisory Group, projected to continue to grow to 12.3 per cent in 2020.
The large size of the panels and performance growth will continue to generate incremental demand. We are the largest consumer, consumer, and exporter of electronics worldwide, and the vast end-use market is the driving force behind the development of our panel industry. As the 5g era comes, mobile phones will also be high in video 4k and 8k.
The need to clear the image, along with the development of the Internet, will further drive the demand for large, high-level displays in other segmented markets, including Smart Car Unions, Smart Retails, Smart Medicine, Smart Houses, Smart Traffic, Smart Education, Smart City and Other Smart Drivers, Smart Houses, Mobile Dressings, Telemedicine, etc.
2.3 The performance is better, and the trend is clear in the times when the oeds are shown to be faster in response, wider in perspective, higher color saturation and wider working temperatures, based on the principle of spontaneous light, compared to the lcd. Moreover, because the oeds are relatively simple in construction, they are in weight,
The thickness is lighter than the tft-lcd, and flexible and transparent displays are also possible. oleds are divided into passive (passivematrix, pmoled; also known as the source-driven oled) and active (active matrix, amoled; also known as the source-driven oled), and now amoled and tft-lcd are displays of the current tablet.
Figure 30: Comparison of technical principles of the oled and lcd. In recent years, oled has been shown on full-screen mobile phones, foldable laptops, track displays, wearable devices, etc.
Emerging areas such as high-end vehicles are growing rapidly. According to idtechx, the global market value of oled reached $30.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 14.72 per cent over the same period; smartphones remain the most dominant application of oled, accounting for more than 70 per cent; other applications include, inter alia, wearable equipment (over 11 per cent), television and home appliances (over 11 per cent).
By 2022, the global market value of oled is expected to reach $44.7 billion. Figure 31: Global market size of oled panels. Figure 32: smartphones occupy most of oled applications.
At present, Korea dominates the market, but domestic panel dragons, led by Tokyo East, have been upgrading their technology in recent years, while accelerating the deployment of their production lines. In the current year, the country’s main plants will see rapid release of their own panels.
The market share of the board will grow rapidly to 43%, and the future global market of the board will change from a South Korean-led to a bi-Korean-dominated pattern.
3.1 The upturn in panel prices, which boosts rapid growth in corporate performance, and the demand side of large-scale panels, which are dominated by demand for television sets, has grown relatively steadily over the years, with the supply of end-of-life capacity, five-generation plants, with the price of medium-sized lcd screens rising since the second half of 2016:
In mid-2017, the rise in panel prices slowed, and as Kyoto’s East and China’s skylines continued to rise, panel prices began to decline; in 2019, competition intensified in the panel industry, and the price of the lcd television panel continued to be explored until October 2019, when the price of the representative 32-inch panel began to rise.
After falling to $31, which led to large losses in most industries, and a positive reduction in capacity utilization, the panel price stopped steady. As a result of the new crown outbreak in early 2020, the supply side of the lcd industry was hit, resulting in the price of the lcdtv panel.
There was a clear rebound, and the 32 inch lodtv panel price rose to $38 in March. But with the spread of the epidemic around the world in late March, industry demand-side supply confidence was affected, the price of the lcdtv panel fell again, and the price fell back to $32 in May.
At a time when the product sales were significantly higher than expected, with the announced accelerated withdrawal of Korean manufacturers (three stars, lig) from the lod industry and the apparent demand for back-up stocks from the downstream retailer, the panel price rebounded again in June, and the cost of the current round increase was driven by customer replenishments, mainly from continued downstream warming, and the price of the panel was still being supplied.
In the short term, it will take some time to accelerate the exit of Korean production and the uphilling of domestic production, and the ability of the panel plant to continue to shift to more profitable applications, and the overall supply capacity of the television panel will grow or be limited; demand ends: driven by overseas “Black Five” and “Christmas” requirements, maintained global liquid crystal tv panel demand.
Robust. Thus, the third quarter of the global LCD tv panel market showed a clear supply deficit, and as the overseas season of reserve runs, and the predicted impact of the rapid increase in panel prices on end demand gradually became apparent, we expect LCD tv panel prices to remain on the upward trend for the fourth quarter, but with a narrow increase.
In the medium-to-long term, supply side panel productivity increases are limited, while Korea’s exit is faster than expected, and most of the additional lcd production lines will be completed by 2022. As the new production capacity is fixed and industry concentration increases, we expect that the price of the television panel may not appear again for a long period of time, from 2018 to 2019.
With the rapid growth of large-scale liquid crystal panel production in China’s mainland region in recent years, manufacturers such as Tokyo East, China Star, and others have rapidly taken up a large market share. In 2019, in terms of the size of the shipment, Kyoto East’s large-sized liquid crystal crystals were produced.
The size of the panels increased by 20%, to 40.9 million square metres, and for the first time exceeded lgd, making it the world’s largest supplier of liquid crystal panels. From the surface of the LCD panels, the size of the supplies includes starlight, focused panda, Huyco, rainbow light, etc.
In 2019, the large-scale LCD in the east of Kyoto showed a volume of 30.1 million square metres, an increase of 23.8% over the previous year, with the top ranking. The Māori ratio and net profit of the panel enterprises converged with the changing cyclical nature of industry prices.
When the construction changes continue to rise, as the cost side does not change much, the price increases will be fully realized, and the upper price periods of the panel companies will be fully released; conversely, when the panel prices continue to fall, the firm’s profitability will decline.
As a leader in the lcd industry, the profitability of companies is expected to continue to improve. Figure 38: Māori ratio in Kyoto East converges with changes in panel prices Figure 39: Net profits in Kyoto East converge with changes in panel prices
3.2.led has entered the outbreak phase, and the company’s card position is clear, and the market is promising as the most hot display panel in the moment. The demand for the panel has been raised mainly in two ways. The first aspect is the replacement of the existing segment of the lcd panel, which is at this stage mostly intelligent.
Second, using its excellent physico-chemical properties, it is the preferred type of new product, such as smart wear, ar/vr near-eye devices. In the case of smart phones, it is expected that the penetration rate of the soft-led screen will reach 20.6% in 2020, exceeding that of the new product type.
350 million tablets; by 2022, the penetration of soft-led screens on smartphone panels will rise to 30%, plus rigid-led screen penetration will exceed 50%. The trend in folding screens is clear, but subject to factors such as capacity and prices, and real power will be no longer available in 2019.
1 million, less than 2 per cent, are expected to have a foldable oed panel penetration rate of 5.5 per cent in 2022.
In a unique situation, however, Kyoto East is fast catching up at the production and customer application levels. In 2011, the company began to build China's first, the world's second-generation 5.5-generation amoled production line, which is 5.5-generation amoled production line in Ordos, Kyoto, and which was produced in 2014. Four six-generation soft-led have been planned.
Production lines, of which the Chengdub7 line has reached the planned level of 48k/month capacity; the Mianyang b11 line is on the slope and is expected to reach the planned capacity by the end of this year (48k/month); the Chongqing b12 line is under construction, and the planning of the b15 line in Fuzhou is planned for 48k/month. According to the Omdia data, it is accompanied by multiple production lines in the east of Kyoto.
The production capacity continues to grow, and its share of supply in the soft-led sector will increase rapidly, from 9 per cent in 2018 to 31 per cent in 2022, and will be in the first quarter of the industry in comparison with the capacity of the three stars.
In January 2017, the National Ministry of Industry and Communications published the " Development Plan for the Development of the Internet (2016-2020) " , which proposes that, by 2020, it will include the production of perception and networks.
The size of the industry as a whole, including transmission and smart information services, has broken by 1.5 trillion yuan: booster network sensing facilities, planning layouts, public network m2m connections by 1.7 billion. According to public data, China's goods network broke out by 100 billion in 2017 and continued to grow by more than 15 per cent since then; and the beehives of the three major operators in 2019.
The development of the Internet will lead to a shift in semiconductors towards intelligent ports, and its applications and numbers will increase dramatically. The path to the development of the Internet will be “connect and explode” by reference to the path of mobile Internet development.
“Development”: it is expected that the “connection to the main phase” of the Internet may need to last at least until 2020, and that, on the basis of a large amount of connection and its big data, it will generate interactively a wealth of networked value-added application services, such as intelligent travel, automatic annual global connectivity of approximately 9.1 billion, with a projected global network of 25.2 billion items by 2025.
After showing a strong position in the panel area, Wang Dong-jung, the founder of the project, in 2014, proposed a dsh strategy to lead Kyoto East towards displays, smart systems, and health services.
In July 2016, Kyoto East officially upgraded its corporate positioning, i.e., semiconductors showing technology, products, and service providers accelerating their transformation into object-networked technologies, products, and service providers. In 2016, Kyoto East held its first Global Innovation Partnership Conference (ipc) and proposed "Open two ends, core screen air, and."
Figure 45: Business planning for the Kyoto East Reciprocal Alliance Strategy 2019: Kyoto East achieved 100 per cent growth in comparison to the previous year in 12 innovative applications of the network, including medical care, vehicles, etc.
Kyoto East has provided more than 800 million smart ports to global partners, and multiple products such as ultra-high display screens, vr/ar, flexible screens, genetic chips have been used in consumer electronics, vehicles, etc.; in addition, more than 800 object networking solutions, covering transport, medical, financial, etc., have been provided by upgrading soft and hard integration capabilities
In the domain, smart transport solutions serve the subway lines of 22 cities in China, covering more than 80 per cent of the country ' s high-iron lines, while also providing specialized services to a number of overseas cities; and, guided by the physical networking strategy, Kyoto has established contacts with 5,000 partners.
With the company’s forward-looking layout of the three business blocks of the dsh, it can create high-motivability for users, and it is expected that the profit-flexibility of the growth in the area of explosives will be broken down in the era of the full-scale explosion of the network, making it the leader of the new industry in the era of conglomerate. With the development path and pattern of the network, Kyoto East will cut into the fabric from the port.
Networking industries, in the context of “large connectivity”, can continue to expand technological excellence and achieve synergistic development in the Federation era, while at the same time making large connectivity. 4, Key assumptions and profit projections
(i) Portware: the market for displays increased steadily in 2019, and the total volume of displays continued to be the world's number one, with shipments increasing by more than 15 per cent on the same basis, icd smartphone LCD screens, tablet panels, brain screens, laptop screens, monitors, TV screens, five mainstream applications, etc.
On the basis of this acquisition, the electric panda line will further optimize competition patterns in the liquid crystal panel industry, where companies are in the liquid crystal panel industry.
We expect Kyoto East to remain a strong industrial leader for the period 2020-2022, and (ii) Intelligent conglomerates: corporate intelligence services continue to optimize the product structure of the community, smart services tv, and sales in China have grown by more than 70%.65 in size by 50% on a year-on-year basis:
Electronic tag sales are up by 70% on the same date. Smart banking solutions for intelligent systems innovators are widely promoted in the banks' flagship shop projects, covering more than 120 sites. Digital art sales are up by 75% on the same date, and we expect that the share of the Union of Wirtschafts will continue to grow from 2020 to 2022, with a projected rate of revenue growth.
(iii) In the case of intelligent medicine workers, the first biochip output of mobile health developed by the company; four types of solutions, namely, first aid of wisdom, healthy communities of wisdom, health checks of the public of wisdom, and management of slow respiratory diseases, have been contracted: the number of additional members and monthly members of the mobile health workforce has increased significantly, with an average monthly life of nearly 100,000.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic is an intelligent (iv) other major business, and other major businesses provide technological development services to companies, as well as patented maintenance services. The cumulative autonomous patent application in Kyoto East is over 55,000 and the cumulative patent is over 27,000 in the United States.
In the 2019 U.S. patent authorization list of top 50 issued by patent service agencies, the public administration jumped from 17th in 2018 to 13th in 2019, with 1,177 patent authorizations, or 43.54, 18.58 and 11.33, respectively. Companies are the world’s leading panel suppliers.
Lcd is the world’s leading commodity, and we believe that the company is still relatively undervalued, so for the first time it covers the risk of the impact of price fluctuations on corporate profits on the public panel. With a dramatic price increase in the second half of the year, the company’s profitability is expected to continue to rise as a visible front.
By implication, the current panel price is up, and the company’s profitability may be fully released. But today’s new coronary pneumonia epidemic is yet to be fully addressed globally, threatening to cause a contraction in downstream demand and supply chains to stagnate, with adverse effects on panel prices, and with reduced corporate profitability.
On September 23, the company announced the acquisition of an equity interest of 80.831% in the electric panda, G8.5 in Nanjing, and 51% in the electric panda, G8.6 in the same company. This will expand the company’s capacity and further improve the competitiveness of the company’s industry.
The risk is that South Korean panel producers will be able to exit at a slower pace than expected. At the beginning of 2020, the three stars, the lig announced a gradual exit from the lcd market, but at the beginning of October, the lg announced an additional year of production for the lcd.
In the future, the lcd industry will be dominated by Chinese manufacturers, and companies associated with the industrial chain will become more profitable, but if the Korean sector’s cut-off plan is implemented further slowly than expected, the company will face a less-than-expected improvement in supply and demand patterns.