Trailing equipment growth is robust and igbt is bright - 3-quarterly performance rating 2024 Time Electric (stock code: 688187.sh)
The q3 quarter company earned $5,973 million, or +8.10%, and the mother ' s net profit was $994 million, or +10.61%. In the splits, the three-year-olds had a decline in the rhythm affecting income, while the rest of the plates had a steady increase.
□: Lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn communication signal system generated $662 million, or +73.23 per cent, and other revenue $349 million, or +70.43 per cent. Emerging equipment operations continued to grow steadily, with $6,755 million, or +70.43 per cent, in the previous three quarters.
Prince Road Marginal improvements in profit levels and good control of cost rates. The Māori rate for the first three quarters of the company was 29.57%, while the cost rate for the same period of the company was well under control, which was significantly lower, and the sales/management/financial cost rate for the first three quarters.
Wang Xia Xia Xia, the resonance of new construction and maintenance needs and the maintenance of transhipment equipment continue. The demand for new railway passengers continues to benefit from the need to remediate the pits during recovery and the epidemic, and the previous three quarters of the bid has exceeded last year's requirements.
At the same time, a new round of large-scale equipment upgrades is expected to boost the replacement elasticity of old internal combustion vehicles from next year onward. The company’s track equipment operations will remain robust in the context of the upswing of the railway industry.
The company’s semiconductor business is growing rapidly, with the city taking the lead. In the first half of the month of 24, the vehicle power module load was the second highest in the industry, with a market share of 13.4%. On October 17, the company’s low-pressure device industrialization project was completed.
With 360,000 additional annual yields, the company’s semiconductor business is expected to increase its profits as the capacity continues to climb. With the company’s emerging equipment plates leading the business markets, emerging equipment is expected to continue to grow at a high level as products break out and customers expand both within and outside the country.
1. [Galaxy] Company Review _ Age Electric (68817.sh): Performance continues to increase and net interest rates continue to recover.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of the e-team, mainly in hard-tech orientation research. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Science, University of Shandong, three years of experience in science and technology industry research, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Research Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.