Low-carbon transition policy support track service basics are long-term, solid, powered semiconductor growth drive - Time Electric (688187) 3-quarter reviews
On September 26th, 2024, the National Railways issued a report on the elimination of the replacement of old and old railway burners.
By the end of the year, Liu Yangdong will have fully withdrawn from the railway transport market.
It was determined that 70% and more of the old railways in the rest of the country would be out of the rail transport market by the end of 2035; and that the policy of February 2024 explicitly sought to increase the ratio of railway electric engines to more than 70% by 2030.
Against this background, the company already has 9434 million yuan, or yoy+22.17 per cent, covering 1,000 kw, 1,500 kw and 2000kw grades, the INT has increased its bid for cars in the first three quarters of 24 years, the urban track market has expanded smoothly, and the domestic market of the tractor system continues to dominate.
At the R & D level, companies have always been guided by a research-based benchmark, with 2024q1-3 increasing R & D recruitment and development efforts, ensuring adequate input of research materials, and constantly promoting the transformation of R & D outcomes. The Division is expected to respond to the upgrading of railway rolling stock with rich platform products and continuous technological innovation.
The 12mtha share of inter-priced demand will also provide an opportunity for companies to continue to consolidate their strength and achieve sustained growth. The delivery of new energy-driven power-driven systems will rise to the stage, and the power of semiconductor production will increase the scale of the enablers.
Over 440,000 electric power-drive systems, yoy+29.41 per cent, have become home-grown new energy vehicles, compared to 300 deep shares in the last year.
Power-driven systems and important suppliers of the igbt module; suitable plants are oriented towards new energy vehicles, production capacity is progressing as expected, and some production lines are gradually entering the trial production phase and are expected to reach production in 2025, which will result in 360,000 inches per year of 8 inches of gbt crystal production capacity for the company.
Power. According to the ne era, 2024h1, the company ' s vehicle power module load is in China ' s second, with a market occupancy rate of 13.4 per cent and a total surplus of 2024q1-3 reversibles of 25,000 6 inches of production capacity, while the three-phase project for the state of Chihuahua is scheduled to move in 2024.
By the end of 2025, it is expected that the process and volume capacity will be upgraded to support the firm’s semiconductor industry. As China’s new energy-cargo market continues to expand, and the industry becomes more competitive, we believe that the company will also take advantage of the market.
At times, fully responding to the differentiated customization needs of the entire garage, constantly developing innovative enabling products, while stabilizing the market position while facilitating the movement of the entire local garage.
Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. We adjusted the company's projected net return profits for 2024-2026 to a period of growth in the equipment-type operations.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.