Māori roller, tracker and newer equipment steady growth. Māori roller rate increase by 8.6 pct over 3024. Company operations are divided into tracker operations and newer equipment operations; Trailer operations increased by 22% in the first three quarters of the year.
Revenues reached 9,434 million yuan, an increase of about 22 per cent over the same period; of that amount, revenues from communication signalling systems amounted to $662 million, an increase of about 73 per cent over the same year; revenues from orbital transport electrical equipment amounted to $7,631 million, an increase of about 22 per cent over the same period;
The growing volume of freight is expected to contribute to the increased demand for equipment. In addition, the company-to-move system has the highest level of ownership in the country and has accelerated its development in terms of maintenance and maintenance operations.
The top 52 weeks/ceiling 13.4 per cent in the second place in the market, with a cumulative service of 20 vehicles with a total of more than 60 models; more than 440,000 units delivered in the first three quarters of the company ' s power drive system, an increase of 29.41 per cent over the same period; and the expected increase in the sales of new energy vehicles.
The semiconductor appliance project is in its pilot phase, and silicon carbonated products are spreading faster. The company’s 360,000 low-pressure semiconductors project, which focuses mainly on new energy vehicle applications, is now in the pilot phase.
During the production phase, production capacity is expected to be released gradually over 25 years to meet the needs of the new energy vehicle master drive module.
In the case of Time Electric (68817.sh)-1024, the net profit from the mother-to-child ratio increased by 30%, and in the case of Time Electric (68817.sh)-23, the net profit from the mother-to-child ratio increased by 21.5%.
Time Electric (68818.sh)-1h23 net profit from non-repatriation increased by 50.33 per cent over the same period, Time Electric (6881.87.sh) - 22 net profit from non-repatriation increased by 30.86 per cent, figure 1: company operating income and rate of increase in recent years (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Company revenue structure in recent years (in billions of yuan) Figure 3: Company net profit deduction and rate of increase in the last five years (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Company Māori rate and net interest rate performance in the last five years (in %, per cent)
Figure 5: Cost of the company for the last five years (%): The company ' s R & D input and its share of revenue over the last five years (billions of yuan, %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author