The growth of the semiconductor business is bright, and the industry's transformations and so on are not as good as expected.
On November 5, 2024, October 30, 2024, the Times Electric issued a three-quarter report, and the company achieved operating income of $16.256 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, i.e. +15.33 per cent in comparison with +15.33 per cent in comparison with +21.82 per cent in relation to the mother ' s net profit of $2,501 million;
The growth of the 24q3 pipeline equipment operation slowed down and the growth of the emerging equipment business stabilized. 24q3, track \triangleright was largely influenced by seasonal factors of the delivery of the track transfer operation; the revenue from the emerging equipment business was $2,661 million and the operations were smooth.
Highest/minimum in year: tweaking equipment operations with high-profile communications signals and low-than-expected track engineering and mechanical operations.
2403, Company orbital transport electrical equipment/orbital engineering/communication signalling system/other orbital transport equipment split. Following up on the anticipated round of bidding during the year, it is expected that the turn-on electrical equipment operation will be upgraded.
Signal operations have become new growth points in the trajectories, benefiting mainly from previously successful subway projects such as sand, tin-free, nimble, and compost, which are expected to sustain the growth momentum as the project continues to be delivered. In the emerging equipment operations, power semiconductors, power-driven operations have performed brightly, industrial shifts, sensors, etc.
Business performance is not as good as expected. 24q3, power semiconductor devices/industrial currents/new energy motor power systems/test production phase will provide the impetus for continued growth in power semiconductor operations. New energy motor power, power-driven operations, is increasing in scale and is expected to lose throughout the year.
Corporate profitability has risen steadily, with a net profit of 24q3 at 17.85%, up from nearly three quarters. Research and development costs and credit impairments have increased.
Cost control has worked well and shows a downward trend. Sales/management/financial cost scores for the first three quarters. In the short and medium term, the recovery in the demand for rail equipment, the increase in security, and the operation of the urban signal system are expected to jointly push the company into a new phase of operations; the power semiconductor capacity is expected to be put into production and will further help the company expand the market.
In the medium-to-long term, the company constructs the product matrix using the Device-System-Systems, the platform-based electrical solutions provider's ambitions have been shown, the system's market share has been rising, and it is expected that the larger traffic and new energy will be strangling and crossing.
Due to lower-than-expected expansion of industrial flows, sensors, etc., we have slightly reduced the demand for the company's performance with regard to rolling cars, locomotives, urban rails, etc., less than expected; faster-than-expected growth of moving vehicles, urban-track maintenance and maintenance operations; less-than-anticipated market for urban-orbit communication signal systems; and less demand for power semiconductor operations.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or the trust in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.