Time Electric (3898.hk/6888187.ch): Three quarters reaffirm the age electrical “buy-in” rating: the third quarter of the age electrical net profit grew by 11 per cent over the year, the ring by 6 per cent, and business growth was stable again. The company's Maori rate is 32.6 per cent.
The Māori rate has changed considerably, but the business itself has remained relatively stable. Looking forward to next year, the turn-over operation will continue to recover from incremental needs, such as major repairs.
The new power-driven semiconductor demand in the energy vehicle industry is growing fast: in the third quarter of Time Electric, the new equipment revenue was RMB 2.66 billion, an increase of 14 per cent, a rise of 14 per cent, and a rise of 14 per cent, respectively.
Power semiconductors and new-energy car owners show remarkable growth. Power semiconductors earn 965 million yuan, 27% more and the ring 6% more.
Māori rates remain relatively stable. New-energy car owners have increased their income by 67%, ring by 27% and market share by the same year. • Trailing operations have continued to warm up, contributing more and driving group Māori up: the power of the times
In the third quarter of the year, the income of the Trans-Operate Group increased by 9 per cent over the same period, and the ring declined by 18 per cent, showing a relatively robust performance. In the third quarter, it contributed 55.2 per cent, up by the same year. The company benefited from the recovery in demand for Trans-Operate Operations and from the demand for major and advanced iron repairs.
The business block is growing steadily. Moreover, the business section has a better Maori ratio than the corporate average and will play a positive role at the group ' s overall Māori ratio level.
There has been a significant expansion of productive capacity; the downside of power plant prices has led to a decline in Māori; industry competition has increased; profits have been held back; and the recovery of rail operations has slowed growth dynamics and demand for major repairs has been insufficient.
Prospective and pessimistic scenario: a share Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
Promising scenario: Corporate revenue is growing better than expected, new energy vehicle sales are continuing to rise, driving power-driven and power-powered devices are selling less than expected, and power-driven and power-driven devices are pulling up.
(c) The power semiconductor industry has recovered and led to higher profits: the power semiconductor industry has expanded its production capacity, resulting in oversupply;
(a) The easing of pressure on the price of power devices, which has led to higher rates of growth in the company's income than the lower rate of power devices, which has dragged the company's Māori rate;
The track business performed better than expected, with higher growth power.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios: Port stock Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: Corporate income growth is better than expected
(a) The continuing increase in the sale of new energy vehicles, the driving power-driven and power-driven devices, the lower than expected sales of new energy-based vehicles, the pulling-off of main-powered and power-powered devices, and the upswing of the goods-driven energy, with an increase in revenue faster than the underlying scenario scenario;
(b) Power semiconductor industry has expanded significantly, resulting in oversupply;
(b) Increased industry competition and profit performance:
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have indicated and assured that they are entitled to receive this report under the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Legion of Cards-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
The information contained in this report shall not be used by any person for any other purpose. It shall not be construed as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as being exclusively for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.