The Center for Medical Health Research proposes to purchase shares in North Haikang, a platform for innovation in rare diseases, company basics (RMK)
Recently, the company announced its intention to participate in the first phase of stock subscriptions for rare disease drug innovation through the fully-owned Medicines Fund of the North Sea Constituency Platform. After this round of investment, Pharmon Condé held 13.11% of the shares.
North Haikong’s preferred shares were purchased within a US$ million price range. Canbridgepharmaceuticalsinc.: North Haikang and his son were first established in 2012 as an innovative platform focused on the creation of a rare disease drug, the biotech.
There are several rare disease product lines, and two tumor products, Compuschuj and Neladeni, are in China.
This round of fund-raising is used mainly to speed up, expand, and introduce rare diseases in North China.
Product pipelines, further expansion of commercial operating platforms and capabilities, and increased operating funds. Dr. Xue Xue, founder and chief executive officer (jamesqunxue, a United States citizen), was the first general manager of the United States company Genzyme and of the Chinese district of Kenzan in 2018.
3. " Quarterly report over-expected performance, sustained high growth - Pharmacy Minds " , $8.61.4.30 North Sea Constance ' s operating income fraction of $8.61 million in the first three quarters of 2019, with net profits -
4. Keeping Performance High, Integrated, End-to-end Research and Development Circles of New Medicines Further Expanding to Unusual Disease Areas: There is a huge clinical unmet need in rare disease areas, North Sea Harm is focused on research and development of first-initiative drugs with several rare drug tubes.
Lines, one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in the country’s rare diseases, investment in North Sea Consort has helped companies to improve the environmental layout of rare diseases and improve their overall competitiveness.
Li Jin Lei points, then calculates an average of the final rating as an average market investment