The Center for Medical Health Research, with a small excess of expectations, a one-stop enabling platform to accelerate growth, company fundamentals (RMK)
The company released its annual report for 2019, which achieved business income/mother-to-manufacture net profit/non-mother-to-manufacturing net profit, respectively, slightly exceeded expectations, accelerated growth of the main business, and slightly exceeded expectations, with business segments maintaining a strong growth momentum above the industry average:
The rapid growth of operations related to cellular and gene therapy has led to the realization of 6,473 million yuan in laboratory services in China, which has generated 3,752 million yuan, an increase of 39.02 per cent over the same period;3 overseas cell and gene therapy.
2. " Preclinical cro ' s growing territory, looking at the Dragon Head Platform ' s advantages -- Pharmacy Mind " , which was effective, with US district laboratory services earning $1,563 million, an increase of 29.79 per cent; 4 countries
Intra-clinical trial services have been rapidly developing, with 61.37 per cent growth in the Kandel-Hong and Qin-Prait industries, rpg and 3. The expansion of the security assessment centres has been completed, and the main camp operations have remained high and generated revenues of $1,063 million, a corresponding increase of 81.79 per cent.
Increased profitability of the main business and the impact of investment-type returns on the return to the mother caliber: 2019 Gross 4. Quarterly Report performance over-expected, sustained high growth Rates remained stable overall, cost increases due to equity incentives and increased income from clinical co-payment
5. Non-moveable finance 5. Keeping performance up high, integrated, end-to-end assets generate fair value losses of around $800 million, resulting in the appreciation of the right to issue convertable debt in 222019.
After removing factors such as the loss of the fair value of about $100 million, the net profit of the company ' s parent has fallen slightly, and the company has achieved an adjusted net profit of noon-ifrs of $2.4 billion, an increase of 38.2 per cent over the same period, and a continuous increase in the profitability of the main business.
With a small impact on short-term performance, the bcp business continuity plan guarantees healthy business development and is expected to maintain a compound growth rate of more than 25 per cent at the receiving end and maintain a strong growth momentum on the ground.
Release of risk, loss of core technicians, regulatory risk, protection of risk by ip, investment risk, exchange rate volatility risk, increase in raw materials price risk, safe production and environmental risk Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment