Clinical and cdmo provide growth elasticity, long-tailed strategic benefits gradually emerge, yellow swirling.
Annual returns have been growing rapidly and the clinical and cdmo operations have provided elastic flexibility. Net profits of $1,855 million, a decrease of 17.96 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a loss in the fair value of the company ' s investments compared to the fair value of the previous year ' s period, after deducting the effect of the fair value changes of the investment.
The net profit of the division is 23.70% more than the year; the net profit of the realization of the deduction of the non-mortality is 1,914 million yuan, or 22.82% more than the same year. According to a breakdown of the business block, pre-cro services are still the company’s main business, with China District and US District Laboratories generating a combined revenue of 8.036 billion yuan.
After moving from the previous business phase, corporate income from cmo/cdmo operations grew faster, reaching 3,752 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 39.02 per cent over the same period. In clinical and other critiques, public and other coro service income increased by 61.37 per cent over the same period, and the faster rate of increase was largely attributable to the company.
Clinical research clients grew 32.57% during the reporting period, as a result of increased corporate talent incentives and the expansion of low clinical Maori operations.
In 2019, the cost of sales and management of companies was $439 million and $1,482 million, respectively, and endogenous growth and extended M&As together improved the organization of the company's business.
In terms of research, the company ' s South Chinaton Research and Development Centre is officially operational and effectively supports research and development at Shanghai headquarters. The Centre ' s expanded scope is required: the expansion of the toxicological laboratory at the Suzhou Drug Security Centre 80 per cent to better meet global client needs; and the production base for the development of tinless cells and gene therapy.
Formalization, enabling domestic customers; in addition, the company expands the gland virus I suspended culture platform in Philadelphia, USA. 500 litres and 1,000 litres of bioreactors are expected to be operational in 2020q3 and are expected to further improve the efficiency of cell and gene therapy products.
In the case of cdmo, the fifth raw material workshop in the all-state drug industry was put into production at 2019q3; In January 2020, the all-state oligonucleic acid-grade production workshop was officially operational, with an area of 2,800 square metres, and the largest mass synthesis of oligoate raw materials is expected to increase.
In terms of extended M&As, in May 2019, companies acquired clinical research in California, United States.
High-quality and efficient cross-border data statistics clinical research services are provided to clients on an ongoing basis, and there are significant synergies in the integration platform, with long-tail strategies enabling emerging pharmaceutical companies around the world as an integrated new drug research and development platform, with business layouts covering largely drug research and development.
Departmental processes, and therefore, the synergies between the company’s business have been evident with the current increased willingness of pharmaceutical companies to contract out as a whole. During the reporting period, some 32.3 per cent of clients used services from multiple business sectors of the company, representing 87.4 per cent of the company’s income, in addition to the trend towards decentralization of drug research and development.
By using its integration platform, the company insists on providing a full-stream service to small and medium-sized emerging pharmaceutical companies following the development of pharmaceutical molecules. By empowering clients in the early stages of R & D, the company will gain business opportunities in the later stages of the product.
The drug discovery and testing platform was established to empower long-tailed customers worldwide. By 2019, revenues from biotechnology companies had reached $474 million, an increase of about 90%. At the same time, the company’s revenue pattern had become more diverse with the success of the long-end strategy.
By providing small and medium-sized clients with pre-clinical, integrated research and development services that include a milestone division of future external authorization of products and a share of sales proceeds after listing, the company receives income in addition to the cost of new pharmaceutical development services, breaking the income ceiling of the traditional cro enterprise.
A slight model and a high-quality service capacity has created a large and loyal client base for companies. In 2015, households. As the number and type of corporate enabling platform services have grown, the number of company clients has steadily increased. In the process, firms have continuously driven the development of new technologies and improved research.
The capacity for efficiency and platform innovation is growing, creating a virtuous circle. Risks of changes in industry’s regulatory policies; less than expected risks of product diffusion; less than expected risks of product R & D: market competition increases risks: the epidemic increases risks.
Calculating the dynamic pe, 61.7 times and 48.0 times, respectively. We believe that the continued improvement of the company’s productive capacity and business profile, as well as the gradual growth of long-tailed clients, will be expected to jointly drive the company’s performance and continue to grow, and we look forward to the future development of the industry and the company and maintain a “deprived growth” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.