We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, maintain stroongcorebusinsgroveth targetprice
It's not like I'm going to do it.
Up/downside rmb12.87bn, up34% yoy, inlinewithourestimatate.non-ifrsnetprofitwas chinahethcarector
We've got 18% of yytormb 1.9bn, 13% of belowourestimaté, Mainly duitotherms107mninvestmentsfairvaluelossandrm98mfairvalue jillwu, cfa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
10% yoytorm0.65mninfy19, indicating irritating options.
If you're not going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
I'm sorry, revenue. Thecdmobusinesschlongpipelineswith21Commercialized projects, 40 phaseiii projects, 117 phaseii projectsand 756yearly-stage projects.revenuefromlinicaliseservicesinased 82%oytorm 1.1bn
I don't know what you're talking about, thankstorhhigorganglementordadditionalcontributionframAquitions. wuxiapptecwillfurthbookforoverseasequisation opportunitiesindicaservicereagainortoenhanceitsglobalpresence
Inclinicelserviceindustry.infy19,china/us-basedlaboratoriesservice 27/30% relative, reactively.china/us-basedlaboratory
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, either.
The shareperformance company company, rmb 6.5bfromplacementof.75mnnewashares
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Since: bloomberg and overseasacquitions, inourview. Welftedsotp-basedtpfrommb 114.73tromb 118.32toflect
27/30 per cent yoyin fy20e/21e/22e, immediately; adattriblenetprofittoincluse
54 per cent/32 per cent/31 per cent yoyinfy20e/21e/22e.moreover, wuxiapptec maintadineddiversifievendmentportfolioways80+companiesandfunds whichwillringsignificinvendmentmentgainsoverthelongterm.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvesmentadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformance, dactuatedventsmayifferrealfrommet wichiscontainedin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof and bisor itssaffiliate(s)tohomitististbated.thisreportisnototandsoouldnotbestruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanycycurityoronyinterestin securitiesorientententientintoanytransaction.neith and bisnoranyofitsaffilletates, shareholders, agents, consults, directors
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.