The Center for Medical Health Research, pre-clinical cro spreads over the land, looking at the edge of the tap platform, company fundamentals.
According to public sources, recent drug Myung Conde has actively expanded the operation of the Ministry of Testing to the growth and rearing of non-human primates through the complete acquisition of full ownership of Guangdong Chunxin Biotech Development Co. Ltd. and Guangzhou Springsing Biological Research Institute Ltd.
(a) Spring-spring Organisms: According to public sources, Guangdong-spring-spring was established in 2011 in Guangdong City in the capital town of Guangzhou, mainly in the field of breeding, breeding and research services for non-human primate-fed crab-fed monkeys;
1. The security centre has been expanded to maintain a high-yielding area, a laboratory area, a quarantine area, a feed processing area, an animal hospital, a living district and others.
Close the facilities, which are currently more than 20,000. We expect that, after this acquisition, the Quarterly Report will outperform its expectations and maintain a high growth rate, with Mingconde becoming one of the largest companies in the country to raise crab monkeys.
Non-human primates are in high demand and relatively scarce supply: non-human primates such as crab-eating monkeys and rhesus monkeys 3.
Animal protection, growth, marketing and use require State approval and supply is relatively limited, and in recent years, with the country ' s 4. Cro/cdmo International Lump, integrated pharmaceuticals have risen around $20,000 or more.
Non-human primate experimental animal supply chain, cost control, guaranteed active rapid expansion of the Department of Testing operations
Client needs for drug safety assessment: 2 proactive deployment of strategic resources for non-human primate laboratory animals, with benefits from cost control and effective assurance of high-quality supply of high-end experimental animals.
Risks of exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, risk of price increases for raw materials, risk of safe production and environmental protection Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment