The main camp is growing robustly, and the advantages of the integration platform are highlighted.
Recently, the company published its 2019 report, which achieved business income of $12,872 million during the reporting period.
The rate of non-growth was 22.82 per cent, indicating that the company’s main business continued to grow at a robust rate. In 2019, the company’s main business was 38.99 per cent, a small decrease of 0.5 per cent compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in the cost of the equity incentive scheme, and 2. The low rate of Maori’s clinical coro business expanded rapidly, with the industry.
The share of business increases, thereby reducing the company’s overall Māori rate. Sub-operational panels: China District Laboratory has achieved $6.47 billion, an increase of 26.59 per cent over the same period. As the company’s traditional main business panel, laboratory operations continue to grow robustly on a high base while serving as a downstream business board.
Positive currents: cmo/cdmo business growth of 39.02 per cent, clinical cro business growth of 81.8 per cent and North American regional laboratory business growth of 30 per cent; corporate “end-to-end” full-process business layout advantages are gradually being highlighted, with emerging business maintaining a faster pace of growth, which strongly underpins corporate overall performance
Growth and medium- and long-term development space. End-to-end full-process business layout advantages are highlighted, and corporate coordination has increased. Over 1,200 new clients and more than 3900 active clients have been added during the reporting period.
Client business income amounted to 8.8%, plus the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies accounted for public _aaa_Pharming Condt (603259) three-quarters of the report in 2019. The Division’s current customer visceral and incremental client market development capacity is extremely high.
End-of-course drug incubation platform, corporate cross-sectoral business service capacity and multi-sector business coordination significantly increased: nearly one third of clients used multi-branch services throughout 2019, accounting for 87% of corporate collections. Laboratory drug discovery, cmo&cdmo, clinical co-operation.
Assessment _aaa_Pharmoniking Condé (603259) plus: further development of pre-clinical operational capabilities, such as pre-toxicology, division with milestones, sales etc., in laboratory operations to better support new drug development for clients. cdmo/cmo operations are currently under way.
The benefits are mainly from the natural flow extension of early-stage projects; 2. The further expansion of ancillary capacity and the complete business chain of the service industry chain enable companies to take on more business orders. In 2019, the company was in the period of 40 molecules, a class of 21 molecules that had already been approved for listing, and is expected to be in the business of Cdmo as a whole in the future.
The share of contributions will continue to rise. Clinical cro operations: year-round collection + 82%, number of clients served. Hospitals provide clinical centre management services while actively promoting the upgrading of clinical information and building clinical one-stop service platforms. In addition, North America, Cdmo is the product of cell and gene therapy.
• Issuance of targeted growth plans and further upgrading of cdmo business services.
It will be used mainly for the development and production of the All-Pharma Jiangsu and Shanghai bases. The implementation of this fund-raising investment project will help companies to expand their productive capacity and strengthen their capacity to provide services, particularly in cdmo/cmo.
“a+h, implementation of fixed increases, etc., to expand the scope of the company’s operations and to supplement its operating capital, and the long-term effects of future outsourcing are evident. In the medium- and long-term, we firmly see companies that benefit from a wave of innovation in the context of offshore transfer of the outsourcing chain, and industrial dividends from the rise of the domestic innovation pharmaceutical industry.
As a leader in outsourcing services for the domestic production of integrated pharmaceutical research and development, with a strong combination, and in view of the company ' s multi-business synergies with development patterns and the ability of globalized networks to operate services, the company ' s future performance will continue to be exposed to the risk of increased competition in the market and a change in client research and development strategies.
Figure 2: Net corporate return (billions) and rate of increase, 2015-2019