Medicine (603259.sh)
(b) Operating cash flows of 2,916 million yuan, a significant increase of 77.76 per cent.
At the same time, the company published a public release plan, raising funds up to $6,528 million, and, at the same time, there was a significant upward trend: 2019croft services and cmo/cdmo services, respectively, generated operating income of $9,099 million and 3,752 million, respectively, increasing by 31.83 per cent.
And 39.02%. Further splits the coro service, with China District's laboratory service earning $6,473 million, compared to his co-service income of $1,063 million, an increase of 81.79%. At the cost end, 2019 sales are stable and cost control is good. In terms of profit structure, 2019 partially invests.
(unitybiotechnology, inc. and humanicine, etc.) Fair value changes are significant, resulting in a loss of about 180 million yuan in fair value changes, which represents a significant decrease from the gain of 620 million yuan in fair value changes during the same period last year; after deducting this impact, the net profit of the company as a parent grew by 23.7 per cent.
In 2019, the company’s Chinese district laboratory service helped clients complete the ind declaration for 30 small molecular innovation projects and obtained clinical trial permits for 23 projects. By the end of 2019, the company had cumulatively completed 85 projects for domestic clients.
In addition, because of the “engineer effect”, the country’s coro firms have a greater advantage than their counterparts abroad, and as the leader of the global drug discovery coro industry, companies have benefited first from the global supply market’s shift to China, and are expected to maintain robust growth in the United States in the future.
District laboratory services include, inter alia, the Cdmo service for overseas cell and gene therapy products, as well as medical instrument testing services. By the end of 2019, the company provided cdmo services for 23 clinical cell and gene therapy projects and 8 clinical cell and gene therapy projects.
Thanks to the country’s new drugs, the rapid development of the clinical trial market, and the factors of mergers and acquisitions, the company’s clinical co-income grew in 2019.
The number of cities and hospitals covered increased by 19.5 per cent and 17.6 per cent, respectively, from the end of 2018, and the current ratio of clinical co-operation to corporate income is not high, at 8.3 per cent, but the whole business chain of the plate cro/cmo
The key link that has emerged in China is also an area where the company has focused its efforts in recent years. As the future clinical coro industry layout continues to improve, the business, in addition to its direct contribution to the growth of performance, is more important in strengthening the business plates.
Synergy further enhances the competitiveness of companies in the entire industrial chain. Pharmacy: Disciplinary Series II: Deepening Development of Traditional Business, Development of Technology+Exploitation of Productive Capacity, Promotion of cdmo/cmo flourishing: companies continue to follow the “following drug molecules.”
In 2019, the company was in the pre-clinical, clinical and commercial stages of a project with nearly 1,000 molecules, of which 40 were in the clinical iii phase and 21 in the approved variety.
Pharmacy Condé: Strong performance growth, hard-core cro leadership, benefiting from cdmo's boom, branding effects of companies, pre-accumulation of numerous pre-clinical projects into post-bed and commercial stages, cmc full-industry chain integration service strategy, 2019.
Cdmo/cmo services generated revenue of 3,752 million yuan, an increase of 39.02 per cent. On the one hand, following the development of new technologies, the company started the first commercialization project for the application of hydrochemical technology in 2019 to validate production; on the other hand, the company further expanded its capacity to use industrialization-scale chromatography equipment and supercriticality in 19
Fluid chromatography equipment is expected to carry a 100-kg-scale drug separation and purity effort, with the second new high-activity pharmaceutical workshop in Changzhou expected to be operational in the first half of 2020; 500 litres of enzyme fermentation at the Golden Mountain base; and the first batch of single-package nucleotide-grade production workshop in Changzhou officially operational in January of that year, the largest scale of synthesis will rise.
With the gradual completion of new technologies and new capacity building and the increased branding of companies, cmo/cdmo operations are expected to move up to another step. The fixed increase will contribute to the expansion of capacity and technological upgrading for further company development: the company announces a non-public year 2020.
Development of a stock plan for a stock, which is to be released in a non-public manner in a quantity not exceeding 75 million shares (including 75 million shares) and to raise a total amount not exceeding 6,528 million yuan. After deduction of the related distribution costs, about 736 million yuan was spent on a new pharmaceutical development service and production phase in the non-coupled drug industry, and about 492 million yuan was spent on the production of preparations.
Global Drug Research and Development Centre and accompanying projects, approximately $661 million for the Permanent State-wide new drug production and development centre project, approximately $1,789 million for the Permanent State-wide new drug production and research integration project, $300 million for the full drug development and technological upgrading of the Small Molecular Innovative Drug Production Platform and $600 million for the Shanghai Pharmacy Research Programme
In addition, the company’s disclosure board announced that it had approved a proposal to release the h-stock, which would be distributed to no fewer than six specific clients and not more than 68.254 million new h-stocks. This increase would have a positive effect on the company’s capacity expansion and technology platform upgrading, and would help the company’s performance.
Further upscaling. The proposed increase will need to be approved by the Shareholder Assembly and approved by the CSRC. (1) The company's global leading market position and strong competitiveness in drug discovery and pre-cro areas (2) The “Engineer Dividend” gives domestic cro a cost lead (3) The company's clinical growth potential
Larger (4) global transfer of productive capacity to benefit the domestic cmo/cdmo enterprise (5) Pharmacy Conde has a large advantage in small molecules cmo/cdmo (6) corporate investment returns are gradually emerging to sustain the company