After adjusting the net return profit for non-ifrs to 38.2%, supermarkets expect strong growth performance in the main sector. Companies issued annual reports in 2019, generating business income of $12.872 billion, a year-on-year increase.
33.9 per cent of the company ' s net profit on its parent company in 2019 was $1,855 million, a decrease of 18.1 per cent compared with the previous year, mainly due to equity incentive programme expenditures, listing costs and the cost of issuing fungible bonds, fair value change gains and losses on the derivative financial instruments component of the convertible bond, gains and losses associated with currency exchange fluctuations, and mergers and acquisitions
Intangible asset amortization, realized and unrealized equity-type investment gains and losses, realized and unrealized losses and losses on joint ventures are higher. After removing the effects of these factors, adjusted non-ifrs net return profits grew by 38.2%, and super-markets expected strong performance in the main sector.
▪ High growth has been achieved in each of the four main sections, and the results of the “Long-tail clients” strategy are constantly visible. On the split, China's district laboratory services achieved revenues of $6,473 million, an increase of 26.6 per cent over the same period; cdmo/cmo services generated revenues of $3,752 million, an increase of 39.0 per cent over the same period; US district laboratory services received revenues.
This represents an increase of 29.8 per cent over the same year; the proportion of clients receiving income from clinical research and other coro services reached 67.5 per cent and domestic customer orders reached $8.685 billion.
1 Pharmacy Condé (603259): Innovation to predetermine emerging trends in research and development and build up a leading enabling platform. 30 ind pharmaceutical industry booms for clients in 2019.
Declared and obtained 23 ctas. 1 project is in clinical trials during the iii phase, 6 projects are in the ii clinical trials during the 2019-11-21 period, and 38 projects are in clinical trials during the lycium period.
We believe that the + milestone split of corporate services will accelerate growth. The company protac drugs found that the platform helped clients to develop a new generation of small molecules, and in 2019, the protac biotech company generated $474 million, an increase of 90 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the epidemic is limited and the basics are still strong. During the epidemic, companies were determined to implement business continuity plans, with more than 96% of Chinese employees returning to work, and a global covid-19 anti-epidemic guide was created, corporate globalization and business continuity plans were designed to provide better service to clients.
On March 24, 2019, the company issued its annual report, which generated business income of $12,872 million, an increase of 33.89 per cent.
Net profit attributable to the mother is 1,855 million yuan, a decrease of 17.96 per cent and non-net profit of $1,914 million, an increase of 22.82 per cent over the same period.
Intangible asset amortization, realized and unrealized equity-type investment gains and losses, realized and unrealized losses on joint ventures were $2.407 billion, an increase of 38.2 per cent over the same period, and the growth in corporate ownership performance was strong.
Plan expenditures, marketable expenses and the cost of issuing fungible bonds, fair value of the derivative financial instruments portion of the convertible bond, gains and losses related to currency fluctuations, amortization of intangible assets from mergers and acquisitions, realized and unrealized equity-type investment gains and losses, realized and unrealized will account for higher losses and losses of the joint venture.
Non-ifrs' net return to the mother was 2,407 million yuan, an increase of 38.2 per cent, and supermarkets expected strong growth performance in the main sector.
Services generated revenue of 3,752 million yuan, an increase of 39.0 per cent over the same period; US district laboratory services generated revenue of 1,563 million dollars, and corporate long-tailing strategic results, with a 35 per cent increase in “Long-tail customers” orders. Global “long 32.3 per cent of clients” used the company's services in 2019, with a stronger degree of stickyness.
Figure 4: Revenue from US District Laboratory Services (millions of dollars) 2.3. Predict emerging R & D trends, build up leading enabling platforms, continue to operate in China District Laboratories, anticipate emerging R & D trends, and create leading enabling platforms.
Thirty ind declarations were completed for clients, and 23 cta were obtained. One project was in clinical trials during the iii phase, six in clinical trials during the ii period, and 38 in clinical trials. As clinical trials moved forward, we thought that the + milestone division of corporate service fees would accelerate the increase.
The company Protac drug discovery platform helped clients to develop a new generation of small molecules for new drugs. In 2019, Protac biotechnology company revenues amounted to $474 million, an increase of 90 per cent over the same period.cdmo/cmo followed the development phase of drug molecules to expand services, with a rising global market share.
A pre-clinical and i-clinical pilot project, 177 ii-clinical trials, 40 ii-clinical trials, which serve about 12% of the world’s clinical stage of small molecular innovation. As the clinical phase of the drug molecules moves forward, we expect companies to have a further increase in the global market share.
The company currently has Cdmo orders for cell and gene therapy: 31 clinical phases, 23 i and 8 ii/iii clinical pilot projects. Expansion of the Gland-related virus integrated suspended culture platform in Philadelphia, USA. 500 litres expected
The company’s clinical operations continue to grow at a high rate, with revenues increasing at an accelerated rate of 81.8% over the year, eliminating the M&A factor and increasing revenues by 61.4% over the same period.
In 2019, the company Smo maintained China’s leading industry and actively expanded its data statistics business. The company pharmapace, inc., which acquired California’s clinical research data and statistical analysis service, connected to the Chinese-American clothing platform.
A significant boost to the company’s clinical trial service operations has led to rapid growth of the plate. 2.4. The company continues to promote capacity- and scale-building, and the Laboratory Capability International leads the world’s current global laboratory, plant and office of approximately 6.2 million square metres, with capacity at the international lead level in 2020.
In January 2020, the company officially launched a nuclear acid-grade production vehicle in Changzhou. The company expanded the U.S. Gland-related virus integrated suspended culture platform in Philadelphia, with 500 litres and 1,000 litres of bioreactors expected to be operational in the third quarter of 2020.
2.5. The impact of the epidemic is limited, and the covid-19 outbreak, which remains strong, has cost the company approximately one month of operating time in the Chinese district, but the basics of the company's business.
The impact of the epidemic on the company's revenues is expected to be two to three weeks of operation. As of 24 March, the company's Chinese-area employee recovery rate was more than 96%, and a global covid-19 anti-epidemic command was established.
A company has a healthy balance sheet, a strong operating cash flow, an integrated enabling platform, and the active use of new technologies and customer connections. The epidemic will further strengthen the company’s industry leadership.
We believe that the company’s global leadership in the field of new drug research and development outsourcing is prominent, that the impact of the epidemic is limited, that the fundamentals remain strong, and that the “buy-in” rating is maintained. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has a portfolio advisory.