"Long-tail customers" offshore, cdmo doing business laying the basis for growth The drug Myung Condt's performance in 2019 The mother's net profit is $1,855 million, corresponding to 18.0 per cent, adjusted the non-ifrs net profit to the mother is $2,407 million, corresponding to the ratio
+38.2 per cent, with a rising profit margin. 2019q4 earned 3,594 million yuan, compared to 33.5 per cent and 11 consecutive quarters of ring growth. 2019q4 returned to the mother for a net profit of $93 million, compared to 73.8 per cent, mainly due to the loss of investment earnings, adjusted to the net profit of noon-ifrs for the mother for $565 million, compared to +39.16 per cent.
This represents a 77.76 per cent increase in the same year, showing a better quality of business. Clients: Long-tail clients outside the country increased their income by about 40 per cent over the same year, providing the main elasticity of performance in 2019 \triangleright
A sub-business income analysis: Expatriate clients are far better than domestic clients. In 2019, the share of operating block China district laboratory services, cdmo/cmo, United States district laboratory services and clinical research and other cro services was 50.3 per cent, 29.2 per cent, 12.1 per cent and 8.3 per cent, respectively, with offshore customers accounting for 73.5 per cent, 88.0 per cent, 100 per cent and 26.6 per cent, respectively.
In China, where laboratory services in the district increased by 9.2 per cent vs at 34.3 per cent, clinical research and other coro services increased at a significantly faster rate than in China, showing that the company's performance was largely driven by external clients, and we believe that this is also a reflection of the company's further increase in global competitiveness, which is bound to lead to concentration.
The revenue of the company's global “Long-tail customers” increased by about 40% in 2019, providing the main elasticity at the end of the 2019 income.
Initiatives such as the inauguration of a research and development base for the development of twin and genetic therapy, the establishment of the Clinical Research Services on Pharmacology Oncology, and the attraction of incremental clients, we believe that global “Long-tail customers” and domestic customers will continue to be the leading drivers of corporate performance.
1 China District Laboratories and cdmo operations became the cornerstone and elastic point of performance growth, and the impact of the new business scale was gradually emerging. In 2019, China District Laboratories, cdmo, US District Laboratories, Clinical Tests 1.
We believe that the core business of the Chinese district laboratory and cdmo has become the leading player, especially 2. The three-quarterly review of the drug Ming Kande (603259):
It's cdmo, and the emerging business (United States District Laboratories, Clinical Services) is in a productive and customer-exploitation period, is more profitable than expected, and the alpha advantage of integration is likely to continue to expand, and particularly the marked increase in the U.S. District Laboratories' Māori Rate is beginning to show this effect.
(cdmo/cmo operational products, where companies currently serve about 1,000 new drug molecules, 40 iii clinical periods, 21 commercialization projects;
Yes, raw material separation, biocatalytic production, and pyric acid api production have all been significantly upgraded, and for the first time new agent production bases have been certified through the European Union Drug Administration (EUDA) gmp. New technology/capacity operations and subsequent new capacity expansion will continue to provide companies with a leading position in the cdmo/cmo field, and we expect companies to perform in the future.
It is hoped that this growth will continue with the release of capacity. At the same time, the company’s latest targeted increase announcement shows that the implementation of the company’s gold investment project has helped to expand the company’s capacity to deliver services across the entire chain, particularly in cdmo/cmo.
Strategy: Following the "Long-tailor" innovation, the new technology platform builds a sustainable "Toolkit" service platform \triangleright invests heavily in the development of new technologies/new platforms and the development of a sustainable "Toolkit" service platform.
Expenditures amounted to $590 million, an increase of 35.2 per cent over the same period. This amount of R & D investment is less common in the company, which developed new technology platforms mainly through a sustained increase in R & D investment to better serve clients, increase client penetration, achieve a series of currents ranging from drug discovery to drug synthesis to clinical services.
We are also pleased to see that research and development is gradually being translated into corporate income, such as del nucleotide, polypium, enzyme-catalytic, genetic therapy, etc., through the drug screening platform of del, the synthetic chemical ai drug screening platform, new pharmacological research and animal modeling, new technology synthesis research, and research and development activities in various fields, such as nucleotide, polypium, enzyme catalytic, genetic therapy, etc.
The drug screening platform has served 110 clients, cell and gene therapy operations are fast-disbursing, more than one project has been completed for the production of nucleotide and multipolar clinical drugs api, and we believe that the company's investment in new technologies/platforms is gradually fulfilling its performance, and that the high barriers of alpha properties that will be created in the future through the constant construction of its own diverse combinations will continue to grow.
Increased company differentiation and leadership in the area of cro provides an impetus for steady growth in future performance. Financial analysis: strong endogenous growth and high quality of operations
In 2019, corporate net profit performance declined at a year-on-year rate, mainly because of a deficit of 180 million yuan (616 million yuan in 2018) due to a change in the fair value of the investment target. The adjusted net profit of noon-ifrs to the mother was 2,407 million yuan, an increase of 38.2 per cent over the same period, showing a better endogenous profitability. The company ' s Māori ratio was 38.9 per cent, a decrease of 0.4 percentage points over the same period, mainly in equity incentives.
As a result of the increase in costs and the increase in the revenue from low-morigin clinical research and other cro service transfers, the above-mentioned business analysis for laboratory and cdmo operations in China has remained relatively stable, taking into account the increase in human costs. We believe that companies have a strong industrial pricing capacity, and that China’s engineers’ dividends continue to manifest themselves in 2019.
The operating activity generated a cash flow of 2,916 million yuan, well above the net profit level, with an increase of 77,76% over the same year, mainly due to business payable increases (incentives to contribute), which, after deducting this factor, were largely matched to the profit end, showing a better quality of business. We kept looking forward to the continued improvement in the global competitiveness of companies, based on the advantages of offshoring, the continued expansion of the service chain and its neutralization.
As a result of the company’s Chinese district laboratory services and the cdmo/cmo business revenues slightly exceeded our previous expectations, we slightly revised the company’s revenues. The net profit on repatriation was reduced by factors such as the gain or loss on investment, and we reduced the company’s net profit in 2019, taking into account the company’s net profit.
In combination, we expect 85-foldpe to maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account comparable corporate valuations and corporate industry leadership. Undetermined macro-environment changes risk a decline in global investment in innovation research and development: internationalization has not been successful.
Risk of a decline in related business or poor growth: The risk of weak growth of new business due to the lack of inter-ministerial synergies: Exchange risk: the risk of uncertainty in transactions. Kwok Zhenxi, PhD, research assistant, graduate from Qinghua University School of Life Sciences, former postdoctoral studies at Qinghua University School of Pharmacy, joined civil society in July 2019
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.