Four large plates have grown strongly, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has expanded its product capacity by adding code.
Summary of performance: The company achieved business income of 12.27 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 33.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.85 billion yuan, a decrease of 18.0 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.91 billion yuan from non-repatriation, a significant decrease of 820 million yuan in the return on fair value changes during the same period of growth, net of which was the result for the reporting period.
Net profits increased by 23.7 per cent over the same period, with the company achieving revenue of 3.59 billion in the first quarter of the year and 33.5 per cent over the same quarter: return to the mother ' s profit of $900 million....a 73.1 per cent decrease over the same period: the decline in the net return to the mother ' s profit was mainly due to the loss of fair value of the investment object, the decrease in earnings held by the joint venture, and the loss of fair value recognized through debt recognition.
Four major operations have experienced strong growth in income and continued rapid growth in performance. The increase in the number of clients and orders, the conversion of projects to a later stage, and the increase in the scale of services and capacity are the main reasons for the acceleration of income growth throughout the year.
At the end: In 2019, China district laboratory services earned $6.47 billion (+26.6 per cent), of which Protac drug discovery platform revenues increased by 90 per cent on a year-on-year basis. cdmo/cmo services earned $3.75 billion (+39.0 per cent).
Api energy release. US District Laboratories earned $1.56 billion (+29.8%), mainly due to the increase in cell and gene therapy cdmo projects and later stages, and an increase in the contracting rate for medical equipment testing services.
The high growth rate of 61.4 per cent was due mainly to the increase in the scale of services and capacity, and the increase in the number of orders for cooperation in innovative medicines. (2) The overall rate was about 15.1 per cent, down 0.7 per cent from the previous year. (4) Cash flow: net operating cash flows from companies amounted to $2.92 billion in 2019, an increase of 77.8 per cent from the previous year.
(c) In 2019, companies helped clients complete the ind declarations for 30 small molecular innovation projects and obtained clinical trial batches (cta) for 23 projects;
Projects 31. Companies continue to obtain new orders from their old clients and to tap new ones, with 91.2% of their income in 2019. In line with the company's strategy of “expanding services along the path of drug molecule development”, the 2019 co-service is expected to expand continuously as the project moves to the post-clinical and commercial stages.
The demand for pharmaceutical research and development services is high, with the expansion of the built-up capacity. The company intends to raise up to $6.53 billion in non-public distribution for the development and production of preparations for the entire pharmaceutical industry, the construction of five projects, such as the Global Research and Development Centre and supporting projects, the production and development of new generic drugs in the Permanent State, and the Shanghai Pharmacy.
This expansion of capacity will further strengthen the company’s full-chain service capacity, particularly in cdmo/cmo. With the transformation of the project to commercialization and the gradual release of the company’s productive capacity, growth in cdmo/cmo’s business income is expected to accelerate.
1. Pharmacy Mind (603259): A new era of innovation, one dollar, for 64, 52, 42 times more than per cent, taking into account the company ' s role as a leader in the outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development, a physical enabling platform (2019-11-20)
Integration platforms continue to attract high-quality projects and promote endogenous and synergistic growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 2. Pharmacy (603259). Core operations are inundated, risk of overcapacity, risk of volatility of the return on outward investment, and risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Pharmacy (603259): Benefiting from the new era of global innovation, outsourcing is on the rise (2019-05-28) 4. Pharmacy (603259): high growth of operations, investment
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.