The expansion of the Centre for Medical Health Research and Assessment has been completed, and the main business has been growing at a high rate.
Increase of 80 to 54,000 square metres. 10,000 square metres) capacity is part of one of the drug Myung Cond's public fund-raising projects, the “Extension of the Suzhou Drug Safety Assessment Centre” (an additional 87,000 square metres of building space in the master plan), which we expect the company to raise.
The completion of the project, which will be fully fielded in 2022, will better meet the global demand for drug safety assessments by clients, including growing security assessment needs and industrial transfers in China, offshore customer needs, and will open up further the growth momentum and growth space for laboratory operations in the Chinese region.
1. Quarterly report performance exceeded expectations and sustained high growth High growth certainty: the first three quarters saw a high growth in corporate ownership, the first three quarters saw a small increase in the Maori rate and a decrease in the cost rate (in addition to the acquisition of minority stockholders in the entire pharmaceutical industry).
2. High Performance Growth, Integration, End-to-end Growth with a Small Increase in Profit Growth, with Minority Shareholder Rights for the Whole Drug Industry down from 477 million yuan to 92 million 3. Crow/cdmo International Lead, Integrated Pharmaceuticals
We expect that the company’s performance will continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year, with the Māori rate and the cost rate as a whole remaining relatively stable, and that the profit rate of the main business will increase roughly in proportion to the income. By segment, the company’s lines of operations will continue to grow well: 1 Chinese district laboratory multi-purpose.
Continued activity; 2cdmo plates, with a steady increase in the number of projects, especially in the early stages, the continued release of three projects and commercialization projects, and hyper-velocity growth in agent operations; 3 US District Laboratories, Medical Device plates Resilient growth, rapid growth in cell and gene therapy projects, and a significant increase in later stage projects;4
Business plates, smo, cds, etc. maintain high growth. Release risk, loss of core technicians, regulatory risk, ip protection risk, offshore investment wind, Lee Jin Lei
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment