The beauty group (0003333.sz) Wang Wei Chul has grown steadily, and the Māori rate is rising seasonally.
The profits are $28.610 billion, yoy+10.3%, and the company's performance is as expected. Of this total, 22q4 seasons saw steady growth in HAC and robotic operations in 2022 and Māori rates have been rising seasonally: (1) sub-products, HAC, consumer appliances, robotics and automated systems were achieved separately in 2022.
In 2022, as a result of the restructuring of the real estate sector and the epidemic, there was a corresponding decline in the sales of electricity and domestic electricity throughout the country (Statewide electrical industry information centre data: air conditioner yoy-8.7 per cent, washing machine yoy-12.6 per cent, refrigerator yoy-8.2 per cent, kitchen guard yoy 9.5 per cent, household electricity yoy-6.4 per cent), while companies increased through the production of products.
As a result of the “one-size-fits-all” strategy, many of the product-based municipalities are at the top of the industry, and the company-owned electricity sector is growing faster than the industry. Robot and automated system operations are benefiting mainly from the increased demand for robotic products in the new energy vehicles, power cell manufacturing, and are steadily increasing (2) subject.
The revenue end of 2023q1 continues to grow steadily, and tob is growing faster: the company collected 2023q1 and the recovery of economic activity in 2023, which we believe will increase. The Department of Public Affairs also publishes data on Tob end-of-life operations, 23q1 Building Science and Technology, Robots and Automation, etc.
The industrial technology portfolio, with revenues of $7.8 billion, $7.6 billion, and $6.2 billion, with revenues of yoy+41%, +27%, and +11%, were all higher than the company’s total o1 revenues, while the business of Tob continued to grow rapidly.
The rate of return is no less than 18%, and we believe that the introduction of the equity and equity incentive scheme will bind the best, stimulate the dynamism and improve the quality of the profits.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.