Tob, along with Toc, has improved profitability on a par with the United States Group (000333) 2022 newspaper and one-quarter report 2023 event: companies published their 2022 annual report, bringing total operating income to $345,709 million, an increase over the same period the previous year
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounted to RMB 8,042 million, an increase of 12.04 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
The adverse effects of factors, domestic epidemics, geopolitical conflicts abroad, corporate restructuring, a focus on core industries and products, a focus on the landscape, a multi-brand and diversified product mix, a deeper transformation of channels, enhanced overseas localization operations, and an overall acceleration of intelligence in the field.
Roe (ttm) has a year-round income almost equal to that of the previous year, with a slight increase in the net profit of the mother.
In 2022, U.S. products ranked first in six categories: domestic air conditioning, desktop microwaves, desktop ovens, electric heaters, electromagnetic furnaces, electric hot water kettles, etc. The market share of domestic and sub-line products was first in the industry. The share of domestic air conditioning was 33.7 per cent and 33.6 per cent, respectively.
In 2022, the company's industrial technology, the Ministry of Technology, the Ministry of Technology, the Ministry of Robots and Automation earned 21.6 billion yen, compared to 78 million dollars, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Robots and Automation, the Ministry of Industrial Technology, respectively.
One billion yen is an increase of 41%, and seven billion yen is an increase of 27%, and 6.2 billion yuan is an increase of 11%; among these, the Ministry of Technology and Technology is growing its income by a sharper margin. The company insists on developing core tob operations, such as robotics and automation, building technology and new energy sources, toc and tob.
In terms of net interest rates, q4 in 2022 and q1 in 2023, q1 in 2022, q4 and q1 in 2023, the net interest rate on company sales increased, respectively, by capacity and capacity, owing to the gradual stabilization of prices of large upstream raw materials, and to corporate products.
The investment proposal is: one that covers smart family, industrial technology, building, technology, robotics and automation, digital innovation, and all five business lines.
The “positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use their own department’s qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent, professional and objective manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.