The U.S. Group (000333) Home appliances have grown steadily, and q1 has increased profitability.
One billion yuan, or 0.7 per cent over the same period; a net return of 29,550 million yuan over the same period, or 3.4 per cent over the same period; a return return of 73.93 billion yuan over the same period, or 8.1 per cent below the same period; and a return of 5.08 billion yuan over the same period, or a robust increase in the same period.
Heating air conditioning/consumption appliances/robots and automated systems, respectively, achieves operating income, domestic electricity consumption needs are low, but the company as a whole has continued to grow steadily, and the share of the major household appliances has remained industry leader. According to the Ovi cloud network, air conditioning and desktops are used at home.
Microwaves, desktop ovens, heaters, electromagnetic stoves, hot water kettles, etc., are ranked first in the industry in terms of market share on and below the domestic line of the country. Of these, 33.7% and 33.6% are retailed on and off the domestic air-conditioning line.
The company promotes comprehensive digital change, full value chain data operations and platform operations, efficiency improvements in the company’s operations and cost optimization of Maori.
In terms of cost rates, the cost of company sales was 8.3%, equal to the same rate; management cost was 7%, an increase of 0.5 pp from the same year; financial cost was -1%, an increase of 0.3 pp from the same year. Overall, the net interest rate of the company was growing rapidly in Tob operations and increased profitability of q1.
Tob ends show that the company is investing in building technology, robotics and automation, and new energy core tob operations, with the Ministry of Building Science and Technology/Ministry of Robots and Automotive Industries/Industrial Technology achieving $7,766.2 million in operating income, respectively.
They argue that it is mainly the companies that deepen the efficiency gains of digital change, optimize the product structure, and lower prices of raw materials. Taken together, the net interest rate of companies is 8.5%, an increase of 0.5 pp on the same year.