United States Group: Improved profitability, increased red ratio \triangleright United States Group (000333)
The company ' s heating and air conditioning, consumer appliances, machinery \triangleright and automated system operations generated revenues of $156, 1253, 29.9 billion, h2 in 22 years.
For 22 years, according to the Ministry of Industry and Industry, the company ' s industrial, robotic and automated industries, and the building ' s technology and technology sector have earned 216, 277, 22.8 billion yuan, respectively.
There is a marked improvement in profitability and a small increase in the cost rate. 22 years of company Māori.
The Māori ratio of 23q1 companies is the same ratio +1.86 to 24.04%, and the Māori rate of companies continues to improve, and we believe that it mainly benefits from a decrease in the cost of raw materials and an increase in the efficiency of the company’s manufacturing. In terms of cost rates, 22 years of company sales, management, R&D, and financial cost rates are the same as -0.05 pt, respectively.
+0.36 pct, +0.15 pct, +0.30 pct, we believe that one of the reasons for the increase in the company ' s financial cost rate in 22 years was that the company suffered from exchange rate fluctuations, resulting in a greater loss on exchange and a 22-year rise in exchange rate, but because of the marked improvement in the Māori rate, the net profit rate of the company ' s return to the mother also increased significantly.
In 22 years, the company achieved a net return rate of 8.59%, corresponding to +0.22pt; 23q1 net return product, with 22 years of HAC, consumer appliances, robotics and automated system operations at interest rates of +1.79 pct, +2.45 pct, -0.81 pct, respectively.
The Māori rate for operations was +1.74 pct and +1.83 pct, respectively. Inventory size decreased and net operating cash flows increased; corporate currency funds at the end of the period totalled $58,975 million, compared to the beginning of the period + 6.70 per cent.
Sinda Securities Inc. is due to the sale of stock commodities after the recovery of internal sales; total corporate contract liabilities at the end of the 22-year period
27,960 million yuan, compared with +16.91 per cent at the beginning of the period, and 28,416 million dollars in corporate contract liabilities at the end of the 23q1 month.
The main reason for this is the decline in cash paid for goods and services. The red ratio increases for shareholders, the shareholding scheme and equity incentive binds the employee’s interests. The company intends to collect 4.40% on a day-to-day basis.
The benefits of the executives, core technicians and companies can be effectively tied to the firm's continued robustness.
Breaking down by $8 billion, which is close to 100% of the year-on-year increase, and up to over 55% of the year-on-year increase in domestic retail sales in Toshiba reached $2 billion, while Wallian brands were aimed at young people and generated $7 billion in 22 years. The multi-brand, diversified layout of what we think is beautiful is expected to benefit from a gradual recovery in domestic consumption.
Overseas companies have also actively seized the opportunity for development, with 22 years of increased exports of air-source heat pumps, which have grown by more than 160 per cent, and the continued expansion of United States buildings to the Italian thermal pump production base, with an annual capacity of 300,000, which is expected to improve the overall competitiveness of the United States in the European market.
The company is also working to improve its profile, with the industrial automation industry under its umbrella, with both high-tech and comconcial-treasuries orders reaching Euro4.46 billion a year, +25.1 per cent a year, and sales revenues reaching Euro3.90 billion, and investment ratings: in the case of end-of-services, we think that beauty is being made through high-end, field-of-the-ground.
In a way that allows for steady growth in home power, overseas markets increase their market share through oems and autonomous brands. At the same time, companies are constantly increasing the layout of b-side operations to seize opportunities for transformation in high-end manufacturing, photovoltaic storage, new energy vehicles, etc.
M.A. in Fusion & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial telecommunications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development department. New wealth in 2015 and 2017. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.