We expect that it will be the main beneficiary of the strong demand for automation (see reportback tothefactorofthefuture-sixthfectonicpointsfor2017).
The continuing spread of motor vehicles and the expansion of urban orbital transport networks further support our view. While we believe that the recent reduction in subsidies for electric buses has brought some disadvantages, the valuation of the Hitchuan technology is attractive and strong and croci is in the first quadrant. We reiterate that we buy the unit and add it to the list.
Significant growth has begun as governments continue to support/expand the fifth Recommended Catalogue; 2) the performance of industrial automation operations may improve, thanks to strong automation needs and a further expansion of the corporate product package. We now anticipate the potential to win tram/trailer orders in Suzhou. Moreover, given the fall in the share price of Sinkuan technology in December,
7%, we think the market has taken into account concerns about the slowdown in the market for electric buses. The pressure of reduced subsidies has led to more radically depressed parts prices for the bus; a deterioration in profit margins.
One deep 300 index (right axis) Asia-Pacific strong purchasing of lists has business relationships and continues to seek to develop these relationships. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider this report.
Information disclosure appendix, or contact your investment representative.
This report is submitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations on behalf of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) on behalf of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Segawa Technology (300124.sz), despite its strong profit potential, explores three years of low value; joining a strong buy-in list means a strong profit potential.
Framework - The methodology takes into account the market's cash investment in a company (ev/gci) in relation to the valuation of the returns/values it generates from these assets (croci/wacc), which makes it more attractive than its counterparts, with a projected croci of 22.2 per cent in 2016-18, and is in the first quadrupling position within our global automated industry.
Figure 3: Global automated industry forecast for 2017ev/gcivs. croci/wacc 26-20 times down to three years low
Electric car controllers: The transition from bus to logistics/cars is smooth, and we expect 27 per cent/21 per cent and 34 per cent of the corresponding increase in revenue from the electric car controller operations of the Hitchon technology in 2016-2018, and the core driving factor in 2017 is the transformation of the electric passenger vehicle into an electric animal stream, and then into an electric passenger vehicle.
In response to the central government's policy of providing basic subsidies of RMB 1800 per kilowatt hour to logistics vehicles, 31 provinces and 21 cities in China have issued a new energy logistics vehicle subsidy policy. For example, 3,000 “special traffic” orders issued in Shanghai to pure electric freight trucks are expected to be launched in late 2017.
As a result, the city is free of charge. Up to 178 new logistics vehicles have been added to the list of recommendations for the fifth batch of electric cars.
At the same time, an electric car order may start in late 2017, following the establishment of several new customers, such as the Sinkkawa technology and Jili, and the new North Gas Energy. Moreover, strategic collaboration with the Swiss company Brusa may accelerate the expansion of the production of the Sinkuan technology from electric vehicle controllers to power-based systems and serve as a window for companies to learn about foreign branding business such as the general public and BMW.
The disadvantage of the 2017 reduction in subsidies for electric buses seems to have been factored into the share price.
The pace of integration of the bus market. We don't rule out that the Woo-tung bus (the biggest customer in the Hitchon technology electric car control business) may pass on some of the pressures through a squeezed electric car controller and battery provider's profitability. The cost of raw materials in 2015 was 87% of the operating cost of the main camp. To compensate for the loss of electric car subsidies, if all costs were passed to the supplier, the cost of raw materials would be reduced to the supplier.
On January 11, 2017, Segawa technology (300124.sz) is 50% higher, and we assume 10% lower prices for this technology and downside profit margins for its electric car controller operations.
The positive factors, including the potentially significant increase in logistics vehicle orders, have not yet been reflected in the stock price. Figure 4: We expect the smooth transition from electric commercial vehicle operations to passenger vehicles in 2017.
Vs. Note: electricvehicleicandphev.evpassengevehelemarketshareiscalculatedusingjan-nov16sallesdata.ev blogsticsvehiclemarkshareiscalculadingjan-aug16sadata.
Industrial automation: demand improvement; products are complementary, and Chinese manufacturing pmi has been integrated for more than 50 consecutive months. Machinebed production (measured capital spending indicators for general-purpose equipment) turned positive in August 2016 and grew at double-digit rates over the last four months.
Demand is strong, as reflected in monthly sales data from Taiwan's air system manufacturer, Yadele, and Chinese orders from Japan's track manufacturer, thk. Thanks to this strong automation demand, we expect that the SWI will perform better than previously expected. We now expect revenues from the general adaptor/general server (including the emplcator)/programmable logic controller (plc) in 2017.
Figure 5: Chinese manufacturing pmi has exceeded figure 6 for five months in a row since August 2016: machine-bed production turned positive in August last year.
Monthly production of metal cutting machines and the same rate of increase in Chinese manufacturing pmi Chart 7: The demand for plant automation is strong, as reflected in Taiwan's gas system manufacturer Yad.
thk’s monthly orders (left axis) and the same speed increase (right axis), Yadner’s sales (left axis) and the same speed increase (right axis) are also expected to keep the order momentum better in 2017-2018, as:
1) 3c, lithium battery equipment, semiconductor/led equipment operations have increased, and these operations will accelerate in the coming years: according to our estimate, 3c/lithium battery/led equipment together account for 18% of the total sum of Segawa technology (figure 21). We expect customers in these areas to gradually convert R & D into production and restart equipment procurement, benefiting from smartphone design/apologies and semiconductors/led
Producers reach their turn points as technology matures. (2) Market share growth is well documented; plc is the next bright spot: the market share of low-voltage transformers in the swath technologies rose from 9th (4%) in 2012 to 3rd (6%) in 2015, after abb and Siemens.
3% in 2012 increased to 5% in 2015, directly competing with Matsuda in China ' s market. On plc, we see that the market position of HSBC technology is improving, although its share is relatively small compared to that of foreign firms. The company launched the medium plc (am600 series) at the end of 2015, which should help to move into more manufacturing areas in the future. As of 2015, the medium plc is at the total plc.
Thirty-four per cent of demand, compared with 26 per cent for small plc. The quality of the products and trusted after-sales services of the HS (300124.sz) HST are recognized in the market, especially for the transformer/server products.
Machine vision is in its initial stages, with very few customers currently using the product, but well-known cases include the Gold Dragon Fish Company in the food and beverage industry, which uses it for food oil testing. In our view, Segawa technology has enhanced the ability to provide a one-stop custom solution to clients, benefiting from its product package (including its own).
plc/touch screens/motion controllers/industrial Internet/moderators/servers/precision direct-drive rotors/machine visions) (3) Develop integrated modules and low-cost solutions to win clients: the initial size of the swath technology is small, providing transformers only for elevator production enterprises, but it increases the market share through innovative and less costly integrated elevator control solutions.
The same strategy is being used for electric car control products, which expands the product categories of Utunbuses from a single electric car controller to an integrated controller. Its newest subsidiary, working with Brusa in September 2016, is actively working with Brusa through integrated power generation products to be added to the car market. Another example is the company ' s plan to introduce a decision consisting of internal servers/controls/visual components.
Integrated scara robotic workstations, distinguished from standardized scara robotics sold by foreign brands.
11 January 2017 Segawa Technology (300124.sz) Track transaction: more orders expected outside Suzhou
China is building an urban orbital transport network covering urban areas. As of 2016, China’s operational subway mileage was 4,065, and according to local government plans, we expect to operate 9,169 kilometres by 2020. A total of 44 cities have announced plans to build or complete existing subway and tram systems projects.
As one of China’s first subway cities, Suzhou has announced a specific plan to expand the city’s public transport network. Based on our plan,
Counting that Suzhou will have a further 78 km of subway line completion in the period 2017-2020. 50% of the SWIFT's subsidiary has signed an agreement in April 2014 with the Czech company Skorda Electric to introduce the design/production technology of its towed and control systems (down to 200 km per hour), which is currently winning the tender for the Suzhou 2/III/IV subway towed system. In addition, the longitude track has also won.
Four electric-trailer-orbiting operations in Foshan/Suzhou/Kingjiang Island/Beijing have reached a total of 51 km. While the profits from the underground towed operations in the HSBC technology are relatively low than those of the dominant Chau Chai-era, the company is far ahead of local competitors such as Shen Ying-Teng, who had just obtained a bid licence at the end of 2015 and had not yet won any actual orders.
In addition to the existing orders, we expect to win a further 20 km of tram/millery line operations in 2018, contributing 10% to the revenue of the orbital business plate in 2018. Compared to the actual Māori rate of 49% in 2016, we currently expect a Māori rate of only 26% for the transhipment operation, which is lower than that of the Changzhou.
By the end of the year, the expansion will boost the Māori rate of the operation to 35%. Figure 11: Hitchon technology benefits from the expansion of the Suzhou subway line and the construction of a tram line for China’s overall operation of the subway mileage, as well as underground/trailer orders won by Hitchon technology
Heghlightedorwonbyinovance 11 January 2017 Hitchon Technology (300124.sz)
Figure 12: Although HC technology is just a larger scale than CZE electricity, it's a comparison of the revenues of the subway towed system, which contains up-to-date space, and the electricity/towed technology of the CZT era.
A comparison of the Māori rate of the subway towed system for the electrical/synchronous technology of the Mid-Customs era will result in a slight increase in the operation of elevator transformers in: (1) an increase in the share of the domestic market relative to other enterprises such as New Time; and (2) an entry into a number of foreign elevator companies, such as kone and others.
thyssenkruppag. SWI is actively expanding the size of its installation in the elevator industry, and the current trend in the area of new construction of our pre-paid real estate as compared to previous years, as well as the shift in business priorities to robotics and profit margins/deterioration of cash flows, which has led to a steady increase in the market share of SWI technology relative to new times.
Figure 14: SWIFT technology maintains low-digit growth by vindicating domestic counterparts and winning a small number of foreign capital orders, and China ' s elevator control system market size (left axis)vs. SWIAP/New Time market share
Revenue from SWIFT/NITT elevator-related operations (left axis) and share of sales in three domestic elevators (right axis)
On January 11, 2017, the Hitchon Technology (300124.sz) Equity Incentives Programme (SIP) promoted R & D to remain strong; croci was in the first quarter.
On October 11, Segawa technology announced the launch of the third phase of the equity incentive scheme, granting 56.82 million shares to 652 employees (18 per cent of the total number of employees in 2015). It should be noted that the third phase of the equity incentive scheme covers researchers and middle- and senior-level managers and, accordingly, we expect that the share of corporate R&D spending in sales will remain high at 10 per cent.
1) Control of major robotic parts and server system development (small bulk production has been achieved); 2) introduction of Scota technology in subway/trailer operations, with the goal of establishing a 100 per cent national production towed system platform; 3) continued roll-out of new elevator control products, such as third-generation quadrant controllers;
4) The products offered to Woo-tung have been expanded from a single new energy motor controller to an integrated power product; most importantly, 5) custom-made electrical controllers for new energy vehicles (the first samples have been approved by the client) Figure 16: The latest equity incentive scheme has increased the emphasis on R & D
Figure 17: We expect that the share of SIT R & D in sales will maintain details of the first, second and third stages of the equity incentive scheme SIT R & D (left axis) and the share in sales (right axis)
Production and R & D needs. Clearly, better than expected demand in 2016 has already raised the issue of capacity constraints, with companies renting six new plants in Suzhou to meet production needs in the form of “two shifts + weekends.” Assuming a three-shift system, production capacity could increase by 50%. Meanwhile, the Senchean technology has started planning the third phase of the Suzhou plant, which is planned to be built in 2017/18, with annual capital expenditure.
Figure 18: The third phase of the Suzhou Production Base will be completed in 2018.
HSIT (300124.sz) HST (300124.sz) HST (300124.sz)
Segawa Technology (300124.sz) and Segawa Technology (300124.sz) myself, Ducie, affirm that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, associated with this.
The investment summaries evaluate the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the Unit within the research industry in the region.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the following three dimensions: cash returns on cash investments, industry status, and management levels (corporate governance).
(a) Industry, China.a Industry, China: China Toto (a), China Iron (a), China Central Iron (a), China Chinese Chinese Car (a), East Electric (a), Aston, Willows, ethnic lasers, China Heung and allied, Ping High Electric, China Technology and Trinity
Industry in China: China Toto (h), China Mechanical Engineering, China Iron (h), China Iron (h), China Tong, China Construction International, China China Chinese Vehicle (h), East Electric (h), China Tianhai International, China Tianhai International, Yongtao, Yongtao, Trinity International, Shanghai Electric (h), China Psyrochemical Engineering, Long Flying Fibres, China Motors Age Electrical, China Quest (h).
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Hitchon Technology (rmb19.38) Corporate rating, research industry and related definitions
Manage the list of investments in the region; however, the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.