Approaching the turning point, the next round of high-growth pmi will continue to improve, and the general automation operation is expected to continue its high growth since 2016q3
The single index has remained above 52 for four months, the highest level in nearly 24 months, and the industrial automation market is expected to maintain a better rate of growth during the first half of the year, depending on the three-month lag period. The company’s general automation operations will benefit from the recovery of the industry on the one hand.
On the other hand, through the strengthening of industrial platforms, the accumulation of multi-industry solutions and the implementation of industry systems capable of better meeting industry demands, there is a capacity to further upgrade the market for new energy vehicles: to expand the logistics car market and enrich the product class.
After a high increase of more than 50 per cent over the third consecutive three-year period from 14 to 16, the company ' s automobile electronics account for nearly 30 per cent of total revenue, making it one of the three pillars of the company ' s business.
Looking forward to 2017, while the biggest customer, the bus, has continued to grow slightly, the company will, on the one hand, expand the sales of products such as the Biadi, the Golden Dragon, etc.; the logistics car will be 2017.
1. Corporations take stock of Hong Kong technology: new energy cars have become one of the main growth points in the new energy car market for the year.
Supply to mainstream cars such as East Wind, New Dragons, Tang Jin-seok, 17 years of logistics car sales, 2, company depth - Trans-Chang technology: electric cars and robotics are new and are expected to double; on the one hand, companies are expanding their R & D teams, and on the other hand, they are growing their R & D teams.
To strengthen itself, and to introduce advanced technology from abroad, products are becoming increasingly available3 and corporate reviews are being made: a new round of stock-incentives is being planned. In addition to the long-cooperative crowds, hippo, and hippo, companies are now working with the East Wind, the North Gas, the North Gas, and Kei.
Industry 4.0 and industrial Internet taps are in contact with mainstream car companies, such as profit and gas, and are expected to harvest and connect with Yutong's body volume within two years.4 Company tracking _Seconian technology: acquisition of Jiangsu to share 10 billion latitudes
Elevator business rapidly increasing market share in industry's adversity 5 Company review _ Sinkkawa technology: the share of new-energy automobile business is steady
In 2015, 2016, the gold phase of the real estate industry was phased out, the elevator industry was upgraded, and the railing operation was about to enter the harvest period. In the industry’s adversity, companies developed international elevator brands, multi-productivity.
6. Industry-based deep electron control: if a good company captures a commercial mix of sales and a dynamic elevator to upgrade the market, it raises its market share and maintains the opportunities for vehicles, it seizes a special vehicle outbreak, takes root in a vehicle.
In the next round of high growth, the company will take stock of the technology: the growth of new energy cars has been rapid, and over the past six years, the company's revenues and net profits have generally remained at about 30 per cent compound.
In the industrial winter, the company’s net profit growth rate is still insurable and continues for three years to 20% of the net profit growth platform, moving into the next round of high growth.
Performance base of 2015q4 and 2016q1 is at a historically low level, due to, among other things, the return point of sales, and the company ' s pe (ttm) level has never fallen in the four-year period from February 2013 to the present.
Up to 30 times, of which 37 times the pe (ttm) between May 2013 and April 2014 and January 2015 were valued at a historically low level, with equity incentives effectively binding shareholders and management
In December 2016, the company completed the most extensive, highly motivated and restricted stock award of the third stage of the equity incentive scheme to include directors and executives, and the improvement of the incentive mechanism will motivate the management team to effectively bind shareholders, companies and companies.
The interests of management three are conducive to the long-term development of the company. Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: bus customers such as dragons, in addition to efforts to expand product lines, increase the sale of new products such as power drivers, chargers, etc.; 2,
Annual revenues are expected to reach between $200 million and $300 million:3 The company, in collaboration with the Swiss company Brusa, which has more than 30 years of experience in research and development of new energy vehicles, has moved from a single supplier of electrical controlled products to a vehicle-driven total supplier, with the exception of Ying Tai, Hei Ma, East Wind and others actively engaging with the North, Hiro, Gilly, etc., and is expected to acquire a pole client close to the flux.
General frequency, motion control, control systems, etc.: We expect the incremental speed of GFX operations from 2016 to 2018 The technological upgrading of the DM platform, the accumulation of multi-industry solutions and the restructuring of its organizational structure can better meet the needs of industry clients and be able to increase beyond the industry.
The elevator market is relatively low, but the company has the capacity to keep the business growing through international elevator branding, multi-product combination sales, and access to elevators to upgrade the market. Jiangsu Latitude: We expect that Jiangsu will earn around $200 million in 2016, and will grow by about 10% thereafter.
Markets consider companies to be dependent on traditional industries such as elevators, decorators, machines, air-pressors, etc. We believe that: (a) the company has been transformed into a more pure new-energy automobiles company, with automobile electronics accounting for nearly 30 per cent of business income in 2016, becoming one of the three pillars; and (b) the general automated sector has market space of more than 100 billion and the company is currently operating.
Revenue is only around $1 billion, and the city’s share is still low. And, at the same rate of growth in 2016q3, universal servers reach up to 80% with up-to-date and up to 60% with universal variability, and industry marketing, close to customers’ business models, and company-led technology empowers them to gain a high rate of growth in traditional industries.
The industrial automation market continues to warm: car-by-car acquisition of pole customers: new energy vehicle sales are higher than expected; vehicle-by-car market expansion has not been successful: the recovery of industrial automation markets has not been sustained: rising cost rates have held up performance over the period since October 2016, leading indicators of industrial automation markets: the pmi new order index has been maintained for four months in a row.
More than 52, at the highest level in almost 24 months, the industrial automation market is expected to grow at a better pace during the first half of the year, depending on the three-month lag. The company’s general automation operations will benefit from the recovery of the industry on the one hand, and the strengthening of the industrial control platform, the accumulation of multi-sector solutions, and the implementation of a business system that better responds to the needs of the industry on the other.
The market share could be further raised, continuing the high growth rate of more than 50% since 2016o3. (i) Advance indicators such as pmi indicate that the industrial automation market is fully warming. The company’s general automation operations include high-school low-voltage transformers, server systems, plc, sensors, etc.
Given the number of downstream industries served, the pace of progress in the general automation of corporate operations is closely linked to the overall volatility of our macroeconomics, the main driver being the overall size of the industrial automation market in the year. Figure 3
The overall size of the industrial automation market is more influenced by pmi. By comparison and comparison, we find that the pmi new order number is a better advance indicator in the industrial automation market, with a lead time of about three months. This is a continuous improvement in the current downstream orders, which remain at more than 52 months, the highest level in almost 24 months, industrial automation, based on a three-month lag.
The market will be growing at a better rate in the first four months of the year at least. (The cumulative rate of production of industrial products, such as metal cutting machines and packaging equipment, has been improving on a monthly basis, as shown in the right figure below.)
(ii) The general automation operations of the company increased by a quarter of the same year in 2016, with the universal server rising by as much as 82 per cent in the same quarter. (iii) Industry marketing in the form of solutions while enhancing the platform ' s capacity
Industrial automation has a large downstream industry and a large number of clients, with different industries and even different clients within the same industry, and their processes vary widely, making the need for customized solutions urgent (both integration control layers, multi-product mix solutions at the driver level, and non-specific industry jets).
Industry marketing, proximity to customer demand, has been a business model and a strong asset for companies. Through the development of elevator integration, companies have provided easy and fast solutions to the entire elevator plant, leading to technological change and the first high-speed growth. At present, companies, on the one hand, are constantly upgrading technology capabilities and upgrading generic platform-type products, such as generic single-transformations.
Upgraded from md320 to md380 and now to the md500 series, combined with the introduction of multi-transit product md810 for the oem industry, the server-driven system from the Is500 series to the Is620 series, the control layer, in addition to the original small plc, has also introduced an am600 medium-plc product, and the platform is growing in strength.
Competing integrated electrical graphs in various sectors such as air-pressure machines, textiles, lithium electricity, led, air-conditioning and refrigeration, plastic machinery, etc.
Many industries have introduced electrical solutions and industry jets, led-drives, which are highly variable:
The difference between the product line system and the industry system is that the product line system is product-based, such as frequency variation.
Software, server systems, sensors, etc. each has a line of products, while the industry is industry-based and can better interface with the industry. Since clients in many cases need multi-product combination solutions, customizing solutions for customers in the past has involved multiple product lines, with unnecessary internal consumption and duplication of resource inputs between product lines, and with poor synergy.
By integrating the transformer, motion control (server), control technology (plc), mega-transaction (high-voltage transformer), engineering motion (he series engineering frequency transformer), sensors (encoder) and the seven product lines of the textile machine into the General Automation Department, synergies can be forged between the products, which together customize the best solutions at the core of industry needs.
Figure 9. In 2016, the company implemented the Enterprise System, which combines seven product lines into the Ministry of General Automation, the enhancement of the platform, the accumulation of multi-industry solutions and the optimization of the organizational structure, enabling the company to further raise its market share when the industry needs to warm up and gain a much higher rate of growth than the industry.
II. NEW ENERGY VEHICLES: Reclaiming the logistics car market and enriching the product class, after a high growth of over 50% over the third year of 14 to 16 consecutive years, the company ' s car electronics account for nearly 30% of the total revenue, becoming one of the three pillars of the company ' s business.
At the same time, the company will expand its efforts to reach out to non-woo-tung clients such as Biadi, the Golden Dragon, and will expand the sale of products such as product lines, power drivers and chargers: the logistics car was one of the main growth points in the new energy car market in 2017, and the company will also focus on the distribution of goods to mainstream car companies such as East Wind, New Longma, Don Xiao bell, 17 years of the logistics car sales.
Revenue growth is expected to double: on the one hand, companies are expanding their research and development teams, strengthening themselves, and on the other hand, introducing advanced technology from abroad. With the exception of the long-cooperative Thais, the Seahorse, the company is now in contact with mainstream car companies such as East Wind, North, Gilly, and Hiro, which will be able to harvest large numbers of poles close to the flux within two years.
In 2008, the company formed a motor electronics team: in 2009, the first electrical control product was developed for the Gilly Panda: in 2011, the electric control was set up for hundreds of new energy vehicles in Jianghuai and Gyota; in 2012, it signed a contract with the Wootong passenger vehicle.
A three-year strategic cooperation agreement for the exclusive supply of primary power-driven electrical controller products; the 2015 agreement will be renewed between three years and 2018 by both sides. Currently, the Wootong passenger vehicle continues to be the company ' s top client in the new energy vehicle business. Between 2014 and 2016, the production of new energy vehicles in typographical buses was 0.67, 1.98 and 26.9 million, respectively, consistently high.
Billion dollars. In 2017, the subsidy rate for new energy buses dropped considerably compared to the previous period, so we expect that the production of new energy buses in 2017 will fall back to about 10%.
The company currently supplies Woo-tung with an integrated power control, which combines the main power-drive controllers, boosters, flow controllers, dc/dc, air-voltage controllers, and high-voltage distribution cabinets. In order to increase the sales to Woo-tung, the company will gradually increase the sales of products such as power-drivers. The 100kw power-drivers project has been included.
As of 30 September 2016, the project was in a prototype sequence and was undergoing a sample assembly and testing. Figure 12, the company ' s supply to Wootong of a single integrated power plant controllers
Figure 13: Nanjing Viet Nam's pure electric passenger vehicle power is a map that expands the use of non-woobuses, such as Golden Dragon and Biadei, in a variety of forms of supply.
The company's main power-drive controllers supply Utility buses, and for non-Utun users, we believe that the company's revenues can come from three components: first, the supply of peripheral products such as auxiliary electrical control devices, charge-posts, dc-dc, etc.; and second, the supply of power in a lump-sum manner, i.e., the company plays a role similar to that of Nanjing Viet Nam, Suzhou green control, and the purchase of other manufacturers' main power generators.
After control, amt transmission boxes, after joint debugging with self-produced auxiliary power controllers, power drivers, etc., the entire supply to the car factory; and, thirdly, after five years of strategic cooperation with Woo-ton, the requirement that the main power-drive controller cannot be sold to a third party is not excluded by a certain degree of untying.
From 2015 to 2016, the share of revenue from the Woo-toon bus in the company ' s total electronic line of business declined from 90 per cent to 70 per cent, and is expected to fall further below 60 per cent in 2017, reducing the company ' s dependence on a single customer. (ii) Expanding the market for pure electric animal currents will be a top priority for 2017.
Until 2014, the market for pure electric cars (logistics) was small. In 2015, the market broke out rapidly, with production increasing by more than 10 times that of the year, reaching 47.8 million. In that year, the company achieved nearly 10,000 service packages, with a market share of 20% left, figure 14 and our production of pure electric cars (vehicles) from 2013 to 2017.
In 2016, the company continued to step up its efforts in the market for pure electric animal currents, completing a pilot and configuration announcement with a number of car companies on a micro- and blue-plated 4.5-ton light truck. Key clients included East Wind, New Dragons, Don Yue Bell, etc. In 2017, subsidies for pure electric cars (logistics) declined evenly, to around 20%, and the first push was made.
The list of proposed vehicles was published in January, incorporating dozens of pure electric animal currents, and the criteria for subsidies, the system for granting subsidies, have been made clear that there will be no near zero production in the first 10 months of 2016 due to serious policy delays, with all production and sales concentrated in the last two months of the year. We therefore believe that the pure electric animal currents industry will remain stable in 2017.
A fast-growing production will reach 100,000 vehicles per year or more. Based on the company ' s market occupancy rate of about 20% as disclosed in 2015, 20,000 pure electric animal drifters could be obtained, assuming 10,000 of them were micro-faced, with electricity controllers at a unit cost of $50,000, and 10,000 light cards, with electricity controllers at a unit cost of $15,000, and the company ' s revenue from the sale of electric animal currents in 2017 amounted to $200 million.
Another power-controlled company in the same city, Blue Sea Watersten, has generated about $300 million in 2016 in logistics traffic control, which is expected to reach $300 million in 2017, taking into account the company ' s position as the first leader in the field of new energy automobile power control, as well as rising city occupancy rates, higher expectations in the logistics car market, and increased sales of power-driven motors.
In 2016, we produced 330,000 new energy vehicles, including Biadi, Jili, North Gas, Citi, Chiré, Upper Gas, Jiang Huai, Jiang Zing, Chang An 9 vehicles, with a 95% share of production.
In the new energy-borne car market, companies lag behind their customers’ resources compared to their counterparts, such as Shanghai power-driven (Long An, Chirre's main supplier), Shanghai Grand County (North Gas, Broad Gas major supplier), and Advanced Power (Kiley's main supplier). But we believe that the company has a very large stock of power, and that it will be two.
Although the company’s biggest client is the Woo-tung passenger vehicle, from 2008 to 2011 the company has been engaged in the development, production and sale of new energy sources, using electric motor controls, and has been working with a car-to-car company such as Yinghai, Jiang Huai, and Sea Horse.
This is an area that has accumulated a long time ago. The reason for a slight lag behind our domestic counterparts in terms of the resources of the customers on board is that the company has invested its main energy effort in cooperative development with the Wootong passenger vehicle over the past few years, while the country has taken the lead in the new energy commercial vehicle, which, although the most space for long-term development, has been driven by a lack of mileage anxiety and policy impetus.
The pace of the show has been slow. Figure 15, 2016, our new energy vehicle market pattern, started in 2014 with an increase in research and development on vehicle power control, and has continued to this day.
The number of research and development personnel in the Ministry shows that companies have invested heavily in this area: at the end of 2014, there were only about 50 research and development personnel in the Automotive Electronics Department, which by the end of 2016 had increased to as many as 300, with a significant proportion of the 250 new people in the most difficult areas of R & D, and by the end of 2017, the company planned to increase the number of electronic research and development personnel in automobiles to a further 500.
By comparison, the total number of R & D staff at the end of 2015 was 869 and, assuming an increase by the end of 2017 to around 1250, the number of R & D staff at the Automotive Electronics Department would have reached 40 per cent of the total; by contrast, the company ' s two main competitors, Blue Hae-Teng, had only 132 R & D staff at the end of 2015, merging the Shanghai County.
Magnetic materials, with only 254 R & D workers at the end of 2015, the company's auto electronics department is known as the country's most “luxury.” Figure 17, Toyota Prius integrates the power with the deceleration machine.
In 2016, the company and Brusa started a strategic partnership for power generation. Suzhou Joint Power Systems Ltd. is engaged in research and development of new power-borne vehicle-driven aggregates. The integration of power generators, electrical controllers, and transformers is a trend in the industry, and the company created the Union to respond to this trend.
The company, in collaboration with the Swiss leading electric power companies, Volvo and BMW suppliers, has developed and launched a new brand, Nosa, with representative products such as a deceleration machine, a hsm hybrid, and a vehicle-loading machine.
With the expansion of the research and development team and the strengthening of its own capabilities, and the introduction of advanced technology from its counterparts abroad, the public sector is becoming more sophisticated in its passenger vehicle products.
Main car companies, such as Hiroshima, are in contact, and we believe that the company is expected to harvest large-scale customers in two years that are close to the U.S.C. Thirdly, elevator operations are rapidly increasing their market share in the industry’s adversity, and the main influence of elevator operations is on the country’s elevator production, while elevator production is driven by the new real estate of the year.
As a result of the decline in real estate investment and insufficient start rates, the elevator industry experienced its first decline in almost 10 years in 2015; In 2016, the overall situation in the real estate sector, despite the bursting of buildings in some of the second-line cities, was not encouraging. Revenue from H1 fell by 8.9% and 18.6%, respectively, in the electricity year, and the Māori rate fell from 44.4% to 37.6%, while technology from H6N fell during the same period.
The growth in the number of places has been sustained through the development of connectivity, international elevator brands, such as Tyson, multi-product combinations, and the closing of the market for elevators. In 2009, the revenue from the elevator operation in Sichuan was only 38% of the new time, and by the first half of 2016 it was 1.35 times the new time.
Figure 19: In 2015, the revenue from the elevators of the synchronous technology went beyond the new times, four, the turning point, and the company’s ability to resist macroeconomic volatility was enhanced by the next round of high growth. In the industrial winter, the net profits of the company could be maintained at around 20%.
(i) With a rich income structure, companies began to be resilient to the economic cycle. Between 2011 and 2016, the company ' s income and net profits generally maintained a compound growth rate of about 30 per cent, while income grew at a slower rate of only 13.2 per cent in 2012 over the past six years, owing mainly to industrial automation in the same year.
The demand of the industry, on the other hand, is still in investment; in 2013, industrial automation, the recovery of old business such as servers, frequency transformers, etc., and new business such as auto electronics and photovoltaics have also begun to contribute to performance, and the company ' s revenue growth has risen significantly to 44.6 per cent; in 2014, industry demand has remained relatively strong, with the company ' s revenue rising at 30 per cent.
In 2015, the industrial automation industry re-emerged with a significant decline in sub-sectors such as low- and medium-pressure transformers, server systems and, for the first time, elevators, but the company ' s revenue grew at a rate of 23.5 per cent as a result of the doubling of automobiles and electronics and the increase in the share of businesses such as elevators and general automation; in 2016, as noted in the previous section, automobiles increased by 23.5 per cent.
Electronics continued to grow at a high rate of more than 40%, while general automation grew more than expected in the second half of the year, returning to around 30% of the year’s income. In both industry lows, companies performed much better in 2015 than in 2012, because we believe that this is because of the income stream.
We expect that, throughout 2016, the share of corporate motor electronics will rise to around 30%, while the share of elevators will decrease to less than 30%. In 2017, with the global warming of the industrial automation industry, the company’s general automation operations are expected to continue into the third year of 2016.
More than 50% of the growth since the quarter; motor electronics, which account for more than 30% of the revenue, are also expected to increase by about 50%, as the market for pure electric animal currents expands, the expansion of passenger cars outside Woo-tung, and the combination of new products such as power drivers. Companies will either move out of the platform, which will continue for three years from 2014 to 2016 at a 20% rate of net profit, moving into the next round of high-speed growth.
In addition to industry factors, the historical base figure is also an important factor influencing the growth rate of the same year, and we list the quarterly net profit and the quarterly increase since q1 in 2015 as follows: the Māori rate of O4 is only 45 per cent, well below the average Māori rate of 49 per cent for companies; the net profit of 2016 o1 is lower, is the net profit of
The rapid expansion of the company’s staff has resulted in higher costs, compared to a low sales season in the first quarter, which has resulted in a total increase of 3 percentage points in the management and marketing rates. At present, the company’s pe (ttm) is about 37 times higher than the historical low and the security margin.
In December 2016, the company completed the restricted share award of the third phase of the equity incentive scheme. This sub-equity incentive was the most powerful of the three equity incentives implemented since the company was listed:
The top directors and executives of the company did not participate in the first two periods of equity incentives. This equity incentives included the principal directors and vice-presidents of Lee Junta, Song Junun, Kang Yong, Tang Zhu, etc.
Incentives are strong. This equity incentive was awarded to a total of 5.682 million shares, or 3.48% of the total shares of the company, which is the basis for the three interim tables, table 2, the three-phase equity incentive scheme of the company The improvement of the incentive mechanism will motivate the management team and effectively bind the interests of the shareholders, the company and the management