Nbv has been growing faster, with insurance premiums running faster than ever before.
Of this amount, RMB 3,23,945 million, including RMB 2,66,167 million in insurance service income, representing a 6.6 per cent increase in the same year, net profits were reduced as a result of the overall decline in the market, resulting in lower gains and losses on the sale of securities and changes in fair value, faster growth in total investment returns, Nbv, and an optimised proxies workforce. In 2023, China saved one.
Building on the results of the “long voyage” transition, moving the “core” model from “module transition” to “modularization as of 7 May 2024” with key data. (1) The new business value is growing faster and the new business value is rising steadily.
Percentage point. (2) The workforce continues to optimize in quality, and core manpower capacity and income rises steadily. The first annual premium per person per month for core manpower is $43,503, an increase of 26.6 per cent over the same period; core manpower per person per month is roe (ttm)
This year, the silver insurance channel achieved a premium of $38,669 million in size, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the previous year, with a premium of up to the highest price ($) in December being paid, with an increase in the rate of payment. (1) In 2023, the insurance policy was implemented.
Insurance income of $190,614 million, an increase of 11.4 per cent over the same year, increased the speed of running a partner. Mostly driven by non-car insurance, non-car insurance income increased by 19.1 per cent over the same year, or 45.6 per cent, or 2.9 percentage points. (2) Insurance combined cost rate of 97.7 per cent, an increase of 0.8 percentage points over the same year.
The combined rate of compensation was 69.1 per cent, an increase of 1.1 percentage points in the same year, the combined insurable rate increased in the previous year as a result of the resumption of economic activity and the increase in the number of residents; the combined insurable cost rate was 28.6 per cent, a decrease of 0.3 percentage points in the same year.
Risks that are expected to lead to a decrease in premium premiums: the risk that asset-end investment returns will fall faster than expected as long-end interest rates fall; the wind that the continued tightening of regulatory policies will make new policy sales more difficult; the “market index” of this rating system, a reference point being 300 indexes; and the three-board index of the new three-board frame of reference.
“Stead” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.