The quality of the debt for life has continued to rise, and the core indicator is expected to change continuously: the Chinese Quarterly Report of 2024 was published by the Chinese Quarter, and the company achieved 66,968 million yuan in income from insurance services.
Wang Qing Dynasty has performed well at the end of the debt, with a positive increase in net profits.
The new policy premium for 1q24 is increased by 30.7% to $5,191 million for the same year. The new policy premium for agents/banks/groups is increased by 31.3% per-year.
21.8 per cent/-14 per cent. We believe that the fall in the new silver policy is largely influenced by the “composure of banks”, that the owner of the company has moved to adjust the product structure and that the performance of the silver insurance channel nbvm is expected to increase. 1) One insurance channel: the company's insurance channel continues to insist on “triple” in the context of Long Air II.
Five tops, focus on volume management, 1q24 risk core business indicators rising steadily, 1 new policy size premium of +31.3 per cent, workforce quality and business quality improved significantly, per capita output and income continued to rise, u first-year per capita premium of +33.7 per cent to 83,000 per person per month
The strategic lines of cooperation for continued deep farming, the focus on professional capacity enhancement of the workforce, 1q24 influenced by the “compatibility of banks” and the volatility of premiums, but we believe that the structure of the silver insurance product is expected to improve, and nbvm and price” production insurance operations: reasonably robust growth in size and improved quality coverage.
Control, one quarter of the coor performance begins with an excellent start, vehicle insurance strengthens quality cost control, promotes a transformation of new energy vehicle insurance operations, non-car risk actively seizes agricultural risk development opportunities, enhances risk identification to achieve a quantitative and qualitative balance, and the financial operations are expected to perform better than ever throughout the year.
Investment: The rate of return on investment is almost equal and the size of the investment is growing steadily. 1q24 Net investment in Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
High dividends and long-term profits are allocated to good equity assets, and in a low interest rate environment, there are a lot of things that are going on.
As a result of the consolidation and upgrading of the first phase of the engineering transition and the continuous deepening of the “triple five-most” transformation of the agent channel, it is hoped that the quality and efficiency of the channel’s liabilities will continue to improve, that the risk-producing operations will continue to achieve quantitative and qualitative convergence, and that the speed of scale and coor performance will continue to be expected to lead the team.
Corporate capital is more resilient, with macroeconomic recovery and a series of capital market-backed policy supported by risk factors: agent exhibition recovery is not as fast as expected; agent productivity decline has led to the loss of staff Professionals, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China-China Portfolio, China-Custon Securities 2019.
Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November of that year. M.A., University of Shandong, University of Shandong, Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France. Three years of non-banking financial sector research experience.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-monetary financial sector, finance and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, and Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, are enrolled in the Royal School of Honour and the Financial Science Experiment.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.