China Taibo (601601.sh) Transition dividend released, profits became more resilient, transition dividend continued to be released, and profits were rising on a year-on-year basis.
Of the 95.43 billion yuan in income earned by the industry, which represents an increase of 1.1 per cent over the same period, the company achieved 66.97 billion yuan in insurance services, an increase of 2.4 per cent over the same year; the group achieved a net return profit of 11.76 billion yuan, an increase of 1.1 per cent over the same period; and the Department's liability end continued to apply a series of transitional measures, such as Operation Long Air, with a steady rise in core value indicators.
Deflate the “open door” and push for a normal business transition. The company’s personal risk plate continues the “long voyage” II transformation strategy. 1) The risk: the continuous implementation of the agent’s “triple top five” transformation, with a significant improvement in the core indicator of the channel. By the end of the first quarter, the risk channel had achieved a new policy premium of $16.12 billion, an increase of the same amount.
(ii) Silver insurance: Under tight regulations, the pace of the channel has been adjusted, resulting in a short-term pressure on the new $959.15 million policy premium. Silver insurance provides a scale premium of $12.38 billion, an increase of 0.7%.
On the scale of the new insurance, affected by the re-pacing of the distribution of channels and the convergence of newspapers, there was a 21.8 per cent decline in the same year, with non-car insurance taking advantage of policy opportunities and maintaining a two-bit increase. As of the end of the first quarter of 2024, the company’s finance industry had achieved the original insurance revenue of $62.49 billion, an increase of 8.6 per cent.
With regard to non-car insurance, companies achieved a non-car insurance premium of $36.1 billion, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the same period, and continued to increase at a high rate. In the context of the strategy to serve the country and the revitalization of the countryside, companies have deepened the system of “agriculture insurance plus” product services.
Non-car insurance operations are wide and deep. In terms of combined cost rates, in the first quarter of 2024, companies insured a combined rate of 98.0 per cent and optimized by 0.4 pt on a year-on-year basis under measures such as risk reduction. The configuration structure is optimized to respond to the low interest rate environment. In the first quarter of 2024, the size of the company ' s investment assets reached a level of scale.
China Taibo (601601.sh) - An optimized configuration, value indicator growth - illustrates the lack of safe assets in the market, which is expected to ease in the future with the issuance of super-long special state debt, the return on long-term debt is expected to warm, and the cost-benefiting end of the insurance asset is being repaired.
In this context, the company continues to optimize its asset allocation structure, achieving a weighted average net asset return of 4.6% in the quarter, a decline of 0.3 pt compared to the previous year.
Investment proposals: As the company's long-distance II transition strategy progresses steadily, the dividends of the reforms are released and the business is doing well. Moreover, in the context of the current level of returns on market assets, the company actively optimizes the overall configuration structure. Therefore, we maintain the previous profit forecast, which is expected to run from 2024 to 2026.
Figure 1: Corporate income and growth in single quarter (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Corporate net profit and increase in single quarter (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Proportion of China ' s PSA asset allocation (measured by accounting standards, per cent)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject