Three heavy jobs (600031), company review report, high performance on schedule, sustained industry performance — three-quarter reviews in 2020.
The company released a three-quarter report for 2020, yielding $73,424 million in revenue in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase of q3 per quarter, +54 per cent, benefiting from the continuation of the industry’s climate.
As a result of such factors as intergenerational effects, downstream demand for engineering machinery continues to be over-anticipated and sub-seasoned, thus driving the flow of the market value (millions): there has been a significant increase in the sales of products such as excavators, cranes, etc. q3-quarter digs, according to IAEM data.
As a leader in the industry and as a result of a remarkable increase in the competitiveness of its products, the q3 quarter achieved 23,883 million yuan, an increase of 54.48% over the previous quarter, and maintained high growth. The industry’s demand remains strong, and the performance of q4 companies is expected to continue to grow significantly.
A high level of business quality has been maintained, with cost control during the digital uplifting period. 30.30% of the company ' s Māori ratio in the first three quarters (2.24% over the same period), mainly due to the implementation of new income guidelines, will be profitable. Benefiting from a smooth digital transition, excellent cost controls during the company period, and marketing costs
Rates + administrative cost rates total 7.12% (year-on-year -2.84pt) and a small increase in financial cost rates to 0.34%, which we judge to be mainly affected by currency exchange losses. Net cash flows from corporate operations in the last three quarters.
According to the China Engineering and Machinery Association, the cumulative volume of excavators sold in January-September was 237,000, an increase of 32% over the same period.
Over the course of last year, the volume of small/medium/large dig sales increased by 63 per cent/106.4 per cent/52.5 per cent in September on the same basis. 2.42 per cent of capital capital investment increased in the first three quarters of 2020, the value of real estate investment was accumulated on a year-to-year basis, and the emission standards for non-road mobile machines were in place for the four phases, which will hold.
The future intellectualization, artificialization, energy conservation and environmental protection are the driving forces behind the long-term growth of the engineering and machinery industry, and companies will further improve their competitiveness through continuous research and development of innovation.
Given the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry and the growing competitiveness of companies, we expect that corporate capital capital investments in 2020-Qinyang will fall short of expectations: increased competition in the market: the global epidemic is repeatedly over-expected.
Figure 1 +24.26 per cent for the three-heavy construction camps in the first quarter of 2020: Figure 2 +34.69 per cent for the third-heavy labour return net profit in the first three quarters of 2020
Figure 3: Māori/net interest rate for tri-heavy workers in the first three quarters of 2020
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.