q3 performance growth was strong, with sales of excavators growing by 85 per cent in September on a year-on-year basis Q3 performance increased further and q3 performance was strong: the company actually earned $72,892 million in the first three quarters of 2020, a 24.20 per cent increase in the same year; the Māori rate for core operations was 30.3 per cent, the same as in the previous quarter.
The slight decline of about 2.2 percentage points is due mainly to the new accounting standards, which account for the cost of transportation, which was originally charged to sales costs, to operating costs.
Richard.zhang@firstshanghai.com.hk 30.2% net profit return of 3.854 billion yuan, an increase of 56.88% over the previous year, exceeding our expectations.
According to the figures for September, we sold 26,000 excavators, a 65 per cent increase in the same year, and a 50 per cent increase in the same month since April alone. Domestic sales amounted to 22,598,000, a 71 per cent increase in the same year; export sales amounted to 34,436, a 31 per cent increase in the same year.
In September, the Department increased its sales of excavators by 85% on a year-on-year basis, well above the industry’s growth rate. In January-September, the cumulative share was about 26.3%, and there was room for further improvement throughout the year.
According to the National Statistical Office, capital investment grew by 0.2% in January-September, and the ring ratio shifted from -0.3% to -0.3%. It shows that capital demand is stronger and property demand is more stable. As the country’s countercyclical policies continue to fall, we expect capital investment to continue to increase in the fourth quarter, while real estate investment is guaranteed.
As the firm’s absolute leader in digging machines in the country, it is expected that the city’s share will rise year-on-year, and that it will become stronger. At the same time, through the continuous transformation of digitalization and intelligence, as well as the steady advancement of international strategies, it will continue to grow.
We're still looking forward to the company's medium- and long-term development. We expect the company's income to be the first Shanghai Securities Company and the first Shanghai Securities Company, respectively, for 20-22 years.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., 71 Hong Kong Mid-End Avenue, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Group Building.
This report has been prepared by Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd. (“Shanghai First”) and is intended for a private general reading only. You shall not copy, excerpt or in any way quote, reproduce or transmit any of the contents of this report without the written authorization of Shanghai I. The contents, information, data, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you for reference purposes only, not as an invitation or offer to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or constitute an investment proposal for any person.
The content of this report does not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation or any special needs of individual investors. You should make your own investment decisions based on your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status.