Three-quarterly reports continue to grow robustly and continue to benefit from the high climate in the country and export growth Events: companies released three-quarterly reports in 2020, yielding revenue of 73.424 billion, a 24.26 per cent increase compared to the previous year, net return to mothers of $12.450 billion, a 34.69 per cent increase compared to the previous year, and net operating cash flows
Three-quarterly reports continue to grow robustly, and corporate profitability is steadily increasing: the company achieved 24.236 billion yuan in q3, an increase of 58.35 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 3,982 million in the same year, an emphasis on the internal cycle as a catalyst for domestic investment, and the engineering and machinery industry continues to be high: this year's epidemic
And, under the influence of the complex international situation, the decision-making level has proposed a new development paradigm that accelerates the development of domestic mega-circles, which are mutually reinforcing, and which facilitates overall equity/flow (millions of shares) in the country.
The sale of engineering machinery continues to be on fire, with 2,365,000 excavators sold in January-September, an increase of 32 per cent over the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and a high increase in other varieties, such as pumpers, cranes, blenders, etc.
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter and next year, the industry is expected to remain strong. Companies, as champions of engineering and machinery, will continue to benefit from industry growth.
To achieve strong growth, industries are expected to delay in the second half of the year
Internationalization is another corporate strategy, 2020h1 overseas.
The performance of 2020q1 fell, the level of profit of q2 was better than expected in the market, and export sales from the industry grew faster in the last three quarters.
Excavators perform well in key overseas markets such as North America, Europe, India, Australia and South-East Asia, and the engineering and machinery landscape has increased dramatically, with some countries in South-East Asia already occupying the first share of the market as overseas channels do.
The company’s overseas market is expected to be doubled, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The three-quarterly report continues to grow strongly, benefiting from the country’s high performance and export growth.
The three-quarterly report continues to grow strongly and continues to benefit from industrial research in the country’s high climate and export growth, and is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related sectors. The financial sector has been active for eight years, with representatives including Robot Trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.