Three heavy jobs, a low-season core, full-line power, the company's movement towards engineering machines, a global head enterprise.
The company issued a three-quarter report for 2020: cumulative operating income of 734.2 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 24.3 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of 12.45 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 34.7 per cent in the same year, net profit for non-mothers of 11.3 billion yuan in the same year, a decline in production for the core products of the same year, and an increase in overall competitiveness.
In the light of the season, the engineering and machinery industry continued its trend of high growth in the second quarter, adding up capital and real estate investment, and increasing overall competitiveness through low-season sales of core products; more environmentally friendly replacements, continued artificial replacements, etc., and the production of core products at a high cost, excavators, car cranes, etc.
Heavy factors affect the short-term downside of the Māori rate, the constant updating of the quality of the business, the rapid growth of concrete pumps, concrete mixers, etc. Companies as industry leaders, major product markets, historical best levels; internationalization and digitalization open up medium- and long-term growth space.
The company continues to move toward a global head of engineering machinery. Closing the gap with the industry’s leader, cement machines consolidating the leader, and the market share of pumps remaining relatively stable.
The market share of the mixer vehicle was further boosted by an over-resilient surge, which led to full-scale growth of the business plates, sustained business performance, and was the best in history, with companies earning 23.880 billion yuan in the q3 quarter, an increase of 54.5 per cent in the same year, a net profit to the mother of 3.85 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 56.9 per cent in the same year, and a further increase in the round-up speed ring over the second quarter. The engineering machinery is projected to be in the fourth quarter.
Products continue to be high, and the build-up of excavators and car cranes is expected to remain at above levels, and company performance is expected to continue to grow significantly. Multiple factors affect the short-term downside of the Māori rate, and the quality of the business continues to update its historical best.
Increase by 0.6 pct, increase by 0.6 pct, company continues to strengthen precision management, sales and management rates continue to fall, financial cost rates are expected to increase as a result of exchange gains and losses, R & D costs are increased while sales are expanding and R & D inputs for engineering and machinery products and key spare parts are increased. Corporate gross in the previous three quarters was 30.3% interest rate, a decrease of 2.2 pct compared to the previous three quarters, and the decline in M & A rate is mainly due to the adjustment of transport costs to operating costs and products
As a result of the same downswing in prices and product restructuring, the net interest rate increased by 1.4 pct to 17.5% over the same period due to such factors as lower cost rates and higher non-operational gains and losses, such as investment returns. The net cash flow of companies operating in the previous three quarters was $11.02 billion, an increase of 33.2% over the previous three quarters, which matched higher growth in revenue, despite the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year.
Internationalization and digitization have opened up medium- and long-term growth space, and companies continue to move toward engineering and machinery’s global headlines.
Increasing the efficiency of production management and strengthening the firm’s core competitiveness, with rising per capita output, are now at the top of the world. The differences between corporate products and international giants are shrinking, the value of value for money is clear, overseas marketing services are well developed, overseas operations have continued to grow in the past, the internationalization growth logic is gradually being realized, and this year, they are suffering from overseas epidemics.
While the pace of growth in internationalization has slowed temporarily, corporate free brands have continued to achieve better sales and market shares in many parts of South-East Asia, North America, Europe, etc., the continued fermentation of the epidemic has given the company more time to strengthen the capacity system in overseas markets, and the pace of corporate internationalization is expected to increase when overseas markets recover.
Quick. Internationalization, digitization, and the increase in the share of core competitiveness help companies to smooth out fluctuations in domestic engineering and mechanical cycles, providing strong support for sustained and steady growth in corporate performance, looking at the growth of firms into global engineering headlines, promising performance and valuation in the future.
The global epidemic continues to ferment, industry competition increases, capital and real estate investments fall short of expectations, environmental protection, and treatment.