High performance growth in the third quarter, sustained 3 1x4 (600031.sh)
It's 34.69% long; in the third quarter, the company achieved $23,883 million in operating income, which is an increase.
(i) Sustained economic recovery and strong demand in the first three quarters, with a gradual return to normality of the epidemic, a steady recovery in the economic environment, further improvement in fixed-asset investment, and infrastructure investment
Basic recovery to the same level as the previous year. Under the “six steady” goal, capital construction is expected to continue to function as an important dynamic for steady growth.
The impact of the disease, coupled with the shift in the demand for engineering machinery, was the sale of 237,000 excavators across the industry in January-September 2020, up by 32.0% from the previous three quarters. The engineering industry continued to grow at a high rate.
(ii) Increased cost control and continued profitability are expected to improve with the high performance of the engineering and machinery industry, which is expected to achieve certainty in the company ' s performance over the fourth quarter and throughout the year.
The net cash flow from corporate operations in the previous three quarters was $11,024 million, an increase of 33.16 per cent, and sales returns were of good quality. The Māori ratio of sales from companies in the previous three quarters had been consistently digitalized and intelligently transformed in recent years, leading to a significant upgrading of production lines.
Efficiency. The cost level of the company has been effectively controlled, with a cost of 11.59 per cent (-0.94 pcts) in the previous three quarters, with sales and management rates continuing to rise compared to the same period last year, and assets maintaining a good level of quality throughout the reporting period.
Corporate roe was 7.47 per cent, a significant increase over the same period last year. (iii) Continued digitalization, intelligence, internationalization strategy.
During the reporting period, the company continued to scale up its digital transformation, with the company ' s 18th plant output pump, which reached its peak of almost eight years in September, becoming the industry ' s first steady-yielding lighthouse plant, leading it into the lighthouse 2.0 era.
Given the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry, its current industry profile and its profitability, we expect steady growth in its performance. The company’s forward-looking strategy of digitalization and internationalization, with a digital transformation for productive energy release, we anticipate that I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect connection to the report’s specific recommendations or views. Lee Liang’s Head of the Mechanical and Industrial Industry Group, the first in the financial world, The Wise Eye, the first in the Defence Force Industry, and the fourth in the New Wealth and Industrial Corps in 2015.
Master of Arts, University of Law and Technology, Japan. Bachelor of Science, Harbin Industrial University. Joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.