Equity incentives show confidence in the acquisition of the Trinity finance lease owner 27 November 2020.
(0.1 per cent of the total equity share is used for the core staff holding scheme, which is valued at $16.94/equity, not exceeding $141 million in total, which lasts for 72 months and locks regularly for 12 months. 2) It is proposed to purchase 75 per cent of the equity in the 31st finance lease with its own funds of $157 million and to coordinate the implementation of the engineering machinery finance lease.
The plan is to bring together core personnel to show confidence in long-term development The plan is broad-based and long-term, with a total of no more than 2,264 personnel
The share of middle and senior managers, key posts and core (technical) staff is 71.52%, reflecting the company ' s motivation and importance to the core workforce at all levels. Furthermore, the plan does not include performance indicators that will motivate staff to receive annual access to the 2020-2025 period of service.
A 20% share, with a one-year lock fixed-term end, will be allocated, highlighting the firm's long-term development confidence, facilitating a deep binding of the company's long-term interests with its core workforce, increasing team cohesion and future performance.
In October 2020, the company completed the acquisition of the Trinity Financial Corporation, which we believe is similar to the collection, both of which are working with the engineering and machinery industry to deepen their farming and develop the internal circulation of the industry.
The financial impact of this acquisition on Trinity is limited: $7.82 million in revenue and $6.12 million in net profits in 2019, all below 0.1 per cent of Triple Volume.
Lease sales account for more than 25 per cent, and acquisitions help to break through product, services and financing packages. 2) Synergy. A subsidiary is expected to reduce the cost of financing with three-one-quality letters of credit, and three-one are expected to raise the efficiency of the use of sufficient cash flows (the announcement foresees an increase in the return on some of the funds by 2-3 pct) (3).
The process of internationalization has been strongly driven by the “manufacturing + finance” production synergetic models used by the overseas giants, and by the stability of Caterpillar's financial services income at 5 to 7%; and (4) by increased corporate risk control. Greater integration of manufacturing and financial risk control and improved marketing culture competitiveness.
According to Cme, which is expected to be about 65% higher in November, the downstream demand for engineering machinery remains strong. Triple jobs are for China’s best manufacturing intelligence company, Worker 18.
The efficiency of the plant has increased by at least 50 per cent, the use of the controlled equipment has increased from less than 30 per cent to nearly 80 per cent, and exports of excavators will increase at a rate of over 60 per cent per month.
Competitiveness will gradually yield valuation premiums.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: a three-pronged effort to focus more on the competitiveness of the company’s products, production efficiency, and supply chain management in a low-volatility cycle is the best public in China’s manufacturing intelligence plants.
D. Digital intelligence + internationalization will continue to bring elasticity to performance, with global competitiveness gradually taking shape, performance meeting expectations, long-term growth at the forefront, factory + long-term growth at the power of globalization
Keep an eye on the long-term growth space of the Dragon Head 2020 - East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board