I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
3q20netprofit+57% yoy; promisingoutbook buy
(previoustp sanyheavy'snetprofitin3q20grew 57% yoytormb3.86bn, inlinewithour up/downside)
I'm not sure what you're talking about, except. wefeelcompatible with our fullyeastimamateandwearestaying currentprice postiveonsanyheavyduothothehighvisibilityofmachinerydemand.
Contuousmarketsharegainandon-trackcostreductiondrivenbyautomation chinacapitatorgoods of production.wereftsourcesforcastunchanged.reiterbuywithtp
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3q20. Grossmarginarrowedby2.8pptyoyto30.4% Butwasmorethan stockdata offsetbygoodextensioncontrolandappingleverage.sellingand
1.7 pptyoyto 5.1%. Sanyboosted the r&dspondingby 51% yoytorm1.28bnin3qandwebelieve the continuoussendinggrowthwillcontinuetohelpsonywidenitsadvantage
In 9m20, Netpropitgrew 35% yoytormb12.4bn, accoundingfor 83% ofourfullyearestimats (runratein9m19:82%) .operingcashinflowincreasedby
33% yoytormb11bn, largelyinlinewiththenetprofitgroveth. autofinancingbusinessconsolidadedin3taults.indec2019, source: shanghaistockexchange
It's not like I'm the only one who's in the middle of it, but I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
It's not the only thing that's going to happen to me.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
keyrisks: (1) rikooverseesbusinessduetopandemic; (2) slowdownof constructionactivities; (3) rikofexpandingtofinningbusiness. source: bloomberg
Auditor: ruihuacpa relaedreports sanyheavy (600031ch, Buy)-
Excavatosalesgroveth accelerated; raisedearningsest. sanyheavy (600031ch, Buy)-
2q20netprofit+78% inline; source: companydata, bloomberg, cmbisestimates chinaconstructionmachinery
hdsector-raiseindustrysales foreclastin202020e-21e;solid figure2: keyassumptionsonsanyheavy
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvesmentadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformance, dactuatedventsmayifferrealfrommet wichiscontainedin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof and bisor itssaffiliate(s)tohomitististbated.thisreportisnototandsoouldnotbestruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanycycurityoronyinterestin securitiesorientententientintoanytransaction.neith and bisnoranyofitsaffilletates, shareholders, agents, consults, directors
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanotherperson wofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis. forcipientsofsixthdocumentedstates.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
rulesintendtedtoensuretheanalysisnotaffective 15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotfurnishedtoanyotherpersons.eachmajustitutionalinvestors
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandandagreesthatshathaltshaltshattyorprovidethisiporttoantherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishing tofectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation provividedthisitreportdosoldsolythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcientsofthisdouridinsingporeinsingaporeins.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.