3x1 (600031) company review report, set up financial services to improve comprehensive competitiveness, and employee ownership.
Some of the 31 finance leases are 75 per cent, with the proposed transaction amounting to $157 million. (2) Up to 830,000.64 million shares of the stock of the company that have been bought back are proposed for the 2020 employee holding scheme, the shareholding scheme, the development of the engineering machinery finance lease, and the enhancement of the company's financial services.
In recent years, companies have sold more than 25% of their sales in the form of finance leases. This acquisition will make it possible to finance leasing operations.
In addition to increasing profitability, companies can achieve faster liquidity and are expected to increase the return on capital by 2-3 pct. As a result of the marketing experience of the world’s leading machines, Caterpillar has greatly contributed to the growth of the vast global engineering and mechanical financial services system.
The company’s move will contribute to a steady advance in the internationalization strategy, further accelerating the process of overseas sales, expanding market shares, and establishing overseas market positions. The motivation of the workforce to mobilize and demonstrate firm confidence in the company’s long-term development.
The Shareholding Scheme is intended for directors, supervisors, senior managers, mid-level managers, key job holders and core business (technical) personnel, and there are no performance indicators for the holders.
According to the company announcement, 11 senior managers were involved in the offer, while the remaining employees were 2,253, " National Dollar Stock Exchange - Triple 1 Worker (600031), semi-annual performance rating 2020: performance and quality of operation, year-round growth " .
The stock scheme, which covers a wide range of people and provides incentives for long periods of time, will fully motivate the company ' s employees, stimulate their creative potential, achieve an integrated mix of shareholder, corporate and operator interests, and establish sound incentive constraints. It also shows that companies have sufficient confidence in the company ' s long-term business development.
The firm’s long-term business development and the consolidation of the industry’s advantages are facilitated by deep binding with its core workforce. Given the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry and the growing competitiveness of the company, we expect the company to be in the 2020–20.
Qin Yamen’s capital capital investment is not as expected: increased competition in the market: the global epidemic is repeatedly over-expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has been able to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.