q3 Performance meets expectations, leading long-term growth space of billions (+54.5 per cent), net return to mothers of $3.85 billion (+56.9 per cent), net gain of $3.36 billion, high demand from industries moving down after the season, driving rapid growth in q3 income
Corporate q3 revenues have grown faster, mainly by: 1) benefiting from post-epidemiological catch-up needs, q3 engineering machinery sales have continued to thrive; 2) capital investment, upgrading demand, and artificial substitution, among other factors, have driven the growth in demand for engineering machinery. 3) The competitiveness of the company ' s products has increased significantly, with a growing market share.
According to our calculations, sales of q3 single-season company excavators and cranes are expected to increase by more than 70 per cent over the same period, and sales of concrete machines are expected to increase by more than 60 per cent over the same period.
The cost of services is the same as +2 pct, and we judge it mainly as the effect of exchange gains and losses. Thus, the overall profitability is relatively flat, at +34 per cent of the year; the working days of accounts receivable are 91 days, working faster, operating capacity and risk control are constantly improving.
In the short term, the epidemic has led to a slow down-swinging of the downstream season, there is a certain amount of super-arcular reaction in the industry, with four-quarter capital investments not pessimistic, and we expect the overall demand for engineering machinery to remain high throughout the year.
In the long run, artificial substitution + environmental protection + export logic continues, industry demand is less cyclical, the rate of motion will be much smaller than in the previous round, and we expect the engineering and machinery industry to remain at a positive or negative level in the next few years.
In 2019, 31 per cent of GDP (4.1 million) exceeded Caterpillar (approximately 3.5 million); while 311 had a competitive advantage in terms of value for product, access to services and capital expansion, we expected to grow by more than 30 per cent annually, with the company's share abroad rising over the long term.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: a low-volatility cycle that places greater emphasis on the competitiveness and productivity of firms, and a firm focus on the best companies in Chinese manufacturing intelligence plants. Digital intelligence + internationalization continues to bring elasticity to performance, and global competitiveness gradually results in valuation.
Price premiums, watch the company Davis double-click. We expect the company to perform slightly more than expected in 2020-2022, with a weaker cycle + smart plant + long-term growth of globalization.
2. Triple One Worker (600031): Holding stock and looking at the long-term growth space of the Dragon Head 2020-eps, four dimensions of in-depth reading of the current situation
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board