The acquisition of the Trinity Finance Leasing enhances the synergy of the main industry, and the competitiveness of the company is increasing: the company announces its intention to set up an employee holding scheme on a scale not to exceed 141 million, and the acquisition of 75 per cent of the Trinity Finance Leasing held by the Trinity Group, at a price of 157 million.
It is proposed to establish an employee holding scheme to share corporate growth dividends with employees: the company is proposed to have up to 2264 staff members, who will be assigned to the holder for 5 natural years from 2020 to 2024, with a 20% share for each year.
Extremeness and creativity, sharing the dividends of corporate growth with employees. Billions of dollars worth of equity in Trinity 3 finance leases, 75%, are now in total equity/flow (million shares)
More than 25 per cent of the sale of the finance lease model, after which the company will be qualified to finance the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of the lease business and to provide the distributor with the customer with products, services, financing, etc.
The 12-month maximum/minimum sub-solution is designed to enhance corporate financial capacity and competitiveness of products and services.
The 3rd Quarterly Report (600031) continues to grow strongly, continues to benefit from the high domestic climate and the digital transformation to improve the competitiveness of companies, and the internationalization strategy continues to advance firmly: the corporate build-up.
Economic Growth - 2020/10/29 A digitalization strategy to enhance global competitiveness of companies, such as the promotion of equipment and energy management in 3x10 (600031) Performance 202002
In the second half of the year, the industry is expected to expand to low-cost and higher-quality products. At the same time, the company is committed to promoting the internationalization strategy, 2020-h1.
Three-time jobs (600031) " Impacted by the epidemic " have done better than market expectations, and export sales have accelerated in three quarters. As public 2020q1 performance has declined, q2 is profitable.
The Department's overseas channels capacity, agency systems, service components, etc. are gradually improving, and companies are expected to make profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect companies to double their net profits by 2020-2022 and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The acquisition of Trinity Finance Leasing enhances synergies, the acquisition of Trinity Finance Leasing enhances synergies, the competitiveness of firms improves industry research in the field and is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related sectors.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production techniques, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017, is well placed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
IRC, which joined the Pacific equities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends. IRC, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2019, is committed to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.