In view of the performance report, the Shanghai Bank showed good performance and the credit delivery continued to increase at a faster rate. The public sector had a slight upturn in the four quarters, but it was expected that funding would take into account strict wind control and regional economic advantages.
The probability of a significant deterioration in the quality of production is low. Keep the rating up.
The Division ' s net profits increased by 17.65 per cent on a year-on-year basis, less than the rate of increase in the harvest, which was slower than in the previous three quarters (22.5 per cent, yoy), and we believe is mainly due to the increase in macroeconomic uncertainty in 2019 in the context of countercyclical management by companies, the increase in the provision to strengthen the resilience of the risks, and the high increase in corporate revenues.
The size increases, the capital structure is robust. The size of the company's assets increases by four quarters, the ring increases by one, the negative ring increases, and the base is solid.
As of 1.14 per cent, it is expected that this is due to the firm’s increased proactive recognition, but the firm’s absolute level of underperformance is high, with a solid base for provision. Given the firm’s more stringent negative perception and regional economic advantage, the likelihood of a significant deterioration in asset quality is low.
The decline in the quality of assets was over-expected, financial regulation was over-expected.
The Shanghai Bank registered a 32.5 per cent increase in revenue in the same year, up from the previous three quarters (29.5 per cent, yoy) and we expect the company to be excellent.
In addition to the low base factor for the same period in 2017, revenue performance was affected by the expansion of asset size and improved interest differentials. And the company’s net profits increased by 17.65% year-on-year, lower than the rate of revenue growth and slower than in the previous three quarters (22.5%, yoy), and we believe that the company’s countercyclical management, which was driven by economic uncertainty in 2019, increased the provision to strengthen its resilience to risk, led to the company’s camping capacity.
The increase in revenue is more indicative of the company’s bright performance. The growth in scale, the robust structure of the capital, the negative loan rate of the Shanghai Bank in the fourth quarter, compared to the upper line of 6bp to 1.14%, is expected to be due to the increased firm’s proactive recognition, but the company’s poor.
Given the firm’s more stringent perception of the economy and the potential for a significant deterioration in the quality of assets, the Shanghai Bank’s performance was impressive, and credit delivery increased faster. The company’s four-quarter failure rate was slightly higher.
All right, but given strict wind control and regional economic advantages, the likelihood of a significant deterioration in asset quality is low. We maintain Shanghai Silver 1, and the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Economic development affects the performance of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macroeconomic uncertainty remains and economic dynamics will need to be closely followed.
This is an increase in downward pressure that affects the quality of banking assets.