Risk pricing was excellent and the net difference was stable - the construction bank reported a positive increase of 4.74 per cent in the year 2019 (a 5.25 per cent increase in the previous three quarters). The increase was 7.09 per cent in the same year (the first three).
Quarterly growth rate of 7.66%. Annually weighted roe 13.18% (15.13% in the previous three quarters), a drop of 86bp over the same period. Corporate lending risk pricing capacity is high, net interest differentials are stable, and corporate indebtedness is higher, leading to a small contraction in the leverage-rate ring.
In addition to this, there is a certain bias in the zero and real estate industries. The downward adjustment of interest rates has resulted in a comparison of the unit with the trend of 300 deep public lending prices, reflecting an excellent risk-pricing capacity.
With 2bp added, the price of public term deposits has increased considerably. The spread can be more optimistic. Because q4 companies are clearly starting adjustment strategies, asset-based high-yield versus public loans, and debt-related low-cost peer indebtedness.
Improved asset quality, financial technology plus \triangleright. Structurally, the percentage of low-risk individual housing loans increased in the second half of the year, ingesting overseas and subsidiaries' disavowals.
In non-interest operations, 2019q4 other operations experienced a slight drop in revenue growth, but the net revenue from fees has stabilized and continues to expand in double digits. Cost revenue for the year was 25.44%, an increase of 3.56 pct over the previous three quarters. The annual report revealed that it was mainly an increase in business expansion, financial science and technology inputs and digitization.
The company is one of the banks that have been active earlier in financial science and technology. More investment in financial technology than other banks, with a steady increase in profits, will provide a solid basis for a new round of development.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.