Fees and fees are well performed, assets are of good quality, integrated layouts are well developed, large clients and government resources are accumulated, and access to low-risk, high-quality assets is easier than that of colleagues. Companies as a whole are profitable and assets are of good quality.
The situation has had a short impact on the economy, and the regulatory stance of fiscal policy will be more positive in the near future, capital investment is expected to increase, and we believe that construction operations that have traditional advantages in the area of infrastructure will benefit from this. The maintenance of fees and fees has performed well, and assets are of a sound quality.
Good performance, bright performance of fees and fees, good profitability, 4.74 per cent increase in net profit year-on-year, with a 7.09 per cent increase in revenue year-on-year, a slight decrease from the previous three quarters (7.66 per cent). The company’s four-quarter expansion has accelerated, driving net interest throughout the year.
Revenues increased by 5.02% over the same period, an increase of 1.25 percentage points over the previous three quarters.
At the end of the liability, the increase in the cost of deposits is a reflection of the increase in the cost of deposits. The upward trend in the cost of deposits has slowed, and the rate of return at the end of the asset has been more stable (12bp) than at the end of the asset end (6bp).
The main factor in the performance of the boom differentials is the year-round rate of 18bp to 1.57%, but the absolute level is still low in the industry. At the asset end, the asset end-of-asset rate of return for the company remained stable in the second half of the year, largely because of the restructuring of the credit structure, which effectively hedges the rate of return for non-credit-based assets.
The loan structure shows that the ratio of retail loans with a higher rate of return was 71% in the second half of the year.
The negative generation rate is 0.84%, the ring ratio is largely flat, and the absolute level is low in the industry.
Major risk to rating: the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Inventive, well-performing, fee-paying income, strong profitability, 4.74 per cent increase in net profit year-on-year, 7.09 per cent increase in revenue year-on-year, slightly lower than the previous three quarters (7.66 per cent)
In the case of non-interest income, net revenue from companies increased by 11.6 per cent in the same year, and slowed down in the previous three quarters (12.9 per cent), but absolute levels are expected to remain comparable with the previous three quarters.
With regard to e-banking, companies have increased their financial science and technology innovation and applications, the value of online payments transactions has risen faster, and business income has increased rapidly. With regard to credit cards, companies have increased their cumulative annual credit card payments by 12,76 million to 133 million cards over 2018.
Revenue has a certain impact, but as the epidemic improves and consumer demand rebounds, we believe that the associated fee income increases will slow down the upward trend in the cost of deposits and the asset-end rate of return will show a steady gain (6bp). At the end of the debt, the increase in the cost of deposits is a major factor affecting interest differential performance, with the cost of deposits rising year-round.
18bp to 1.57%, but the absolute level is still low in the industry. In view of the trend, the rate of return on deposits in the second half of the year is trending upwards and the asset end-of-the-year rate of return is 3.88% (vs 3.88%, 2019h). We believe that the main reason for the stability of returns at the end of the company ' s assets is the restructuring of the credit structure, which effectively hedges the rate of return on non-credit assets, with the absolute level of credit return for the whole year (4.49%) versus the upper level.
Six months (4.49%) are consistent. In terms of credit structure, retail credit with a higher rate of return is strongly invested, retailed in new loans in the second half of the year, asset quality is robust, bad production is low in the fourth quarter, builder asset quality is strong, bad at the end of the fourth quarter is between 1 bp and 1.42% below the third quarter.
We believe that the low rate of unsound generation benefits from the company’s better customer resources, as well as from the cost advantage of the end-of-the-life liabilities. The company’s integrated layout leads the way, accumulates a wealth of large clients and government resources, and has easier access to low-risk, high-quality assets than its counterparts.
Corporate liabilities have cost advantages that enable companies to choose low-risk, high-quality assets in asset allocation. In terms of forward-looking indicators, the build-up of integrated layouts leads by co-workers, accumulates a wealth of large clients and government resources, and has easier access to low-risk, high-quality assets than their counterparts.
Given the impact on interest differentials of the advance in 2020 of lpr and the increased regulation of interest rates, we have made a small downward shift in our economy, which has led to a much higher than expected deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Observing economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.