In the first half of 2017, Helium Electronics realized business income of RMB 1.08 billion, an increase of 31.65 per cent over the previous year.
In the first half of 2017, there was a significant increase of 31.65 per cent over the previous year, with performance increasing by more than 39 per cent, to $228 million. The combined Māori rate was $1 billion, which was more than $100 million from the previous year; and cash expenditure on current investments was higher than last year, with investments being invested.
Net cash outflows from capital activities are about 38 million, down from over 100 million last year. Companies expanded at a high pace in the first half of the year, matched by cost increases based on a continuous and technology-centred strategy.
The firm financial elite will benefit from growing capital-market activity and regulation over the long term. Companies have been engaged in deep-farming financial-it operations for more than 20 years, with an absolutely superior market share in such areas as bond-broker core trading systems, investment management systems, integrated banking finance systems, and financial institutions.
With high barriers to competition in the industry and a small number of new entrants, and based on a long-term accumulation of knowledge of customer business and related technologies, firms have built up a comprehensive and complex customer service capacity, with a system-stability performance that takes on excessive transactional shocks, allowing companies to become solidly sticky to their customers and will continue to strengthen them. We believe that growing activity in capital markets, increasingly regulated operations, and business models are well under way.
In a context of profound change, the need for reliability and flexibility of a system is deepening, and companies will be highly identified in the long term as they benefit from the "a process of incremental and continuous stock rotation." Intense R & D inputs and forward-looking layouts, new technologies are breaking out across the board.
Since the Academy, companies have introduced and will continue to develop smart information, investment, investment and customer service four ai products in high-performance computing, big data, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and regional months; In the area of block chains, the basic services of the ftcu union chain have been introduced to support contractual chains, private equity, etc.
Business scenes, currently at the client testing stage; high performance calculations, yielding productable results in options for a market system, futures microssecond-level trading system; and new operations, providing ongoing gtn connectivity to various demand and supply parties, whose openapi supports the distribution of new wealth products, the payment of aggregates, and off-site liquidation operations.
Building on this growing strength, companies have introduced socialized user data, such as operators, Internet companies, and other partners, such as graphics services, which have reached 125 million yuan in the first half of the year, and the new technology sector is in full swing.
"Hongsin Electronics: The Industry's Headlines are strong and will benefit in the long term." "Hongsin Electronics: A Comprehensive Layout of Artificial Intelligent Products, with Hope for Faster Computers: Computer Applications."
Wu Yoon Wen, Igmin, Hengsheng Electronic