The q3 quarter harvests and performances are still weak.
In July, the power began with a charting of 718 million yuan, less the first three quarters of the company ' s growth of 6.4 per cent in the volume: general automation, single elevators, electric fluids, new energy vehicles, orbital traffic, industrial robots, about 1.87 billion (+248 per cent) and 1,025 million, respectively.
1. The downside of the performance of the In-depth Review-q2 in the Hitchon Technology Report was the same increase in the introduction of new products and platforms, the near parity of elevators and electric fluid servers, and the impact of the fall in subsidized cars.
27.52 per cent, an increase of 1 pcc over the same year, mainly due to higher financial costs due to increased corporate lending, and 2.
General automation revenues are still growing, and the external environment is expected to stimulate a recovery in industrial controls.
The general automation of corporate orders continued to grow negatively, but as the trade war subsided and macro-tracked, the new power electro-control rebounded, the economy recovered slowly, the industrial equipment was added to the stock phase, and the enterprise reinvested and automated upgrades were made.
4. The demand for the SWIFT Technology Acquisitions Review - M & A Elevator Industries improved, as reflected in September when the pmi ring rebounded to 49.8, and when corporate general automation resumed growing faster, but continued improvements in corporate orders required further q4 business performance data.
5. The annual report on technology in the Hong Kong region provides an overview of the technology-control operations. Organizational management: physical management of companies in the areas of high-end manufacturing, precision manufacturing, eu, ownership of operations, personnel, performance, etc., can help to improve their ability to respond quickly to the market.
New energy truck operations are expected to rebound in the coming year. The first three quarters of the Qualifying Certificate bus production grew by 25%, but prices dropped significantly this year, leading to a sharp decline in bus and logistics operations;
This year, the Division continued to strengthen its domestic new vehicle fleet and sought to target an offshore vehicle company, benefiting from new forces such as Wilma and Peng, which are expected to produce 300 million battalions at a faster rate of purchase orders this year, and to maintain a higher rate of revenue next year as the new vehicle fleet is released. In addition,
The company’s share of Béster’s acquisition has been approved, and is expected to be fully balanced as of November. The q3 industry remains at a higher risk than the macroeconomic downside; the Mäori rate is at a much lower risk; and the new energy vehicle policy is at a higher risk.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment