The three-quarterly report from Sinkkawa Technology (300124) announces a slower growth and lower cost pressure than expected.
The Division issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019, and expected to achieve a recovery in the first three quarters of 2019.
In the first three quarters and the third quarter of the General Set, orders have continued to decline slightly, with advanced manufactures, traditional manufacturing plates having the highest relative pressure, textile and eu growth, and textile estimates for the third quarter.
In September, it is expected that there will be an overall recovery, with 3c, silicon crystals, etc., in advanced manufactures expected to pick up next year, with the easing of trade and the introduction of \plc-based new products, downstream confidence in textiles, machines, etc. will improve, and general automation will generally move out of the valley and restore high growth.
▪ Elevator operations are resistant to cyclical properties and continue to grow robustly, and Bester is showing strong performance. 19 years of growth in real estate start-up + demand for the renovation of old houses boosts the need for elevators, while company customers abroad continue to expand and the company's elevators remain robust for the first three quarters.
Since the April announcement, 51 per cent of the cash acquisitions in July have been completed and started in July: parallel acquisitions of the remaining 49 per cent have continued, and were approved unconditionally by the CVM in early September, and are expected to be fully consolidated in November. Bethelq3 is expected to be profitable at around 600 million.
However, the addition of assets such as Bestte ' s inventory, intangibles, fixed assets, the carry-over, amortization and depreciation of the value added of assets increases current cost costs. The net profit for the current period is a new energy vehicle that is under greater pressure this year, with far lower prices in the area of passenger vehicles and the start-up of second-line cars.
Comment: General Automation reflects the lead Al, and this year it's dark before dawn. In the area of passenger vehicles, the new generation of products is well developed, the law and the short-term pressure of electric vehicle operations.
But the big customer Woo-tung product was under pressure to lower prices and the Māori rate fell considerably: the logistics car area was shrunk with appropriate strategies, and the commercial car power control fell significantly; in the passenger car area, the river began to grow rapidly after more than two years of sedimentation, mainly from domestic second-line branding and first-line car companies in 19 years.
Review: Growth slowed in the second quarter, pending 18 years of targeted b-points and 20-year releases, including the Great Wall, the Guangbang and others, starting in 20 years.
In the first three quarters of the new energy car block, both the income and the Māori ratio are under greater pressure. The Béster programme was renewed, with a significant increase in cross-border client advantage, mainly due to the impact of Béster; O3 achieved a net return profit of $223-268 million in the first quarter of the same year.
In median terms, 19q3 achieved $2.16 billion (+47.5 per cent), net return to mothers $246 million, a narrow reduction in GAQ3 orders, a return to growth, trade easing and an improvement in advanced manufacturing demand, and a return to high growth is expected.
Last year, the trade war affected the industrial sector, starting from 18q3, with a slight recovery in q1 this year, and a 1.7 per cent rise in quarterly industrial control market revenues, but q2 trade disputes continued to ferment, affecting confidence in manufacturing investment.
The two countries have “very close” to the end of the trade war, and confidence in industrially controlled downstream investment is expected to gradually decline in the first three quarters, with a slight increase in revenues, with more frequent availability, a recovery in September, and a three-quarter growth of the plastics. Similar to the industry cycle, the HSBC is expected to grow.
In the first three quarters and the third quarter, the orders were still slightly reduced, with advanced manufacturing, traditional manufacturing plates showing the highest relative pressure, textile and eu growth, and textile estimates for the third quarter. In conjunction with the industry week, the month of September is expected to recover overall, with the easing of trade and the company taking over \plc of new products.
The 3cs, silicon crystals, etc. in advanced manufacturing, are expected to grow again next year, and downstream confidence in textiles, machines, etc. will improve, and general automation will generally move out of the valley and restore high growth. Elevator operations will remain resilient, growth will remain robust, and Bethel will show a strong performance.
Area growth + the need to renovate old houses boosts the need for elevators, while the company’s overseas customers continue to expand, and the company’s elevators have remained robust for the first three quarters. Since the April announcement on the BEST acquisition, 51% of the cash acquisitions in July have been completed and started and are scheduled to start in July; and the purchase of the remaining 49% has continued, with the acquisition of the remaining 49% in early September.
The CVM audit was approved unconditionally and is expected to be complete in November. The Betsteo 3 profit is expected to be around $60 million, but the value added of the Betste inventory, intangibles, fixed assets, etc. is assessed at the time, and the carry-over, amortization and depreciation of the value added of assets increases the current cost and has an impact on the net profit for the current period.
New-energy cars are under pressure this year, with far lower prices in passenger cars, second-line cars starting to run, and steady progress. This year, it's dark before dawn, and the new-energy automobile industry is affected by such factors as the fall of subsidies, and the overall output is less than expected, according to medium gas.
On a vehicle-by-car basis, 792,000 new energy vehicles were sold in January-September, +26.1 per cent in comparison, and 80 million new energy commercial vehicles were sold, 14.7 per cent in comparison with 14.7 per cent in comparison.
The completion of the summer loading test resulted in optimized product performance, reliability, including volume and cost, and expected bulk delivery in the second half of the year, but with greater pressure to reduce the price of Wootong products and a significant decline in the Māori rate; in the area of logistics vehicles, due to average overall industry growth, countervailing product unit prices, and appropriate strategic contraction of logistics vehicles.
In the area of motor vehicles, the riverine began to grow rapidly after more than two years of sedimentation, and in 19 years came mainly from domestic second-line products, mainly Wilma, which accounted for nearly 80% of the total, a small number of which are southeast, and so on, o4 VW are expected to continue to do so.
Cars and home (ideally) are starting and are expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year. Of the users, one company has achieved a few fixed points (b) in 18 years and 20 years in 20 years, including factories such as the Great Wall, Guang Bong and others. One company, overseas, has reached a fixed point in 19 years and started to do so after 2021.
In general, the first three quarters of the new energy car block were under pressure for both revenue and Māori rates. The track service began intensive delivery at the hand order of $920 million. In the Suzhou region, the track-tracked two, three, four, five-and-a-half-way system, the track-trailing system 2-trailer system, with almost 100 per cent of the bid rate, was in place in other regions.
At the end of the 18th year, the department had a total of about 920 million hand orders. The orders confirmed in 19-21 were 300-50 million a year, and the rate of increase is expected to double throughout 1919.
The first three quarters of the year saw a decline in the Māori ring, mainly the impact of the Betset scale, regardless of the Béste confluence q3 Māori ratio, which was flat, the Māori rate of the common automated core product was better maintained, and the frequency of the change was expected to remain stable and to increase the number of servers.
However, the rate of Māori for new energy vehicles has declined. On the cost side, there has been an increase in employee remuneration, social security, and pension payments, along with an increase in equity incentives and an increase in financial costs, which has led to an overall increase in costs. In addition, the company has received approval from the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) from Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. and already has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.