Short-term slowdown in performance, next round of growth time - 3-quarter review of SWI (300124.sz) 2019 Company rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The decline in the Māori rate is due, on the one hand, to an increase in the share of low Māori operations, such as the transhipment business, and, on the other, to a decline in the Māori rate of the new energy vehicle business, as well as increased competition in the general automated business sector.
The ratio of Māori to Māori is almost equal and the ring ratio is stable. The elevators have grown steadily, and the synergetic effect of the acquisition of Béster is sustainable.
The first three quarters of the elevator integration operation generated electricity revenues of $1.03 billion (+11.9%) and grew robustly. Companies and Bethet can work together to increase efficiency and performance while expanding to the global market.
In-depth report on the technology depth of the Sesencheon: Industrially controlled import replacement dragons, new energy plates are short-term drags, and track plates are bright spots. As a result of the impact of the new energy source car subsidy policy, $340 million was collected during the new energy car plates.
(23.5%) However, many products have been targeted, and some of the models are expected to be supplied in bulk next year, and will be released in 2021. The strategy of “out of Suzhou” for orbital traffic operations continues to be achieved, with 300 million yuan (+135%) collected during this period, with the winning target being South China.
The performance of the Division has been slowed in the short term by the industry landscape, but through the expansion of endogenous products and the expansion of the production of products.
Externally extended M&As, industrial automation operations still have large import replacement space, new energy vehicles and track transfer operations are time-limited, and we maintain a corporate “buy-in” investment rating.
The acquisition of the July list of Bethet is expected to contribute to other generic automated types of operations throughout the year: the company's server system operations, services, etc. due to the slowdown in the downstream industry of 3c, machinebeds, etc.
In 2019, the growth rate in the control technology category slowed: companies continued to roll out new items in plc and cncc, creating synergies with the servo business, corporate general automation type operations continued to grow, but there was still a large amount of alternative space, which could grow in the future as product platforms and the Ministry of Enterprise moved forward.
In the third quarter, there was a narrow decline in the use of electric fluids and other operations, such as industrial robotics: the company developed a breakdown of its products and deployed new ones, laying the foundation for future growth; the third quarter of industrial robotics increased its speed, mainly because of the company’s strategy of operating around “core components plus whole machines plus visual + process”.
In the face of falling demand in the mobile phone sector, the focus is on expanding the lithium, toy and other industries, continuing to dig deep into the industry, applying techniques, enhancing the depth of industrial robotics and industrial visualization, and improving product competitiveness. Our new energy vehicle and orbital transport operations: New energy in 2019 due to the impact of the new energy vehicle subsidy policy
While there has been a decline in revenue from vehicle operations, mainly from new energy passenger vehicle operations, new energy passenger vehicles have been tested for one product, supply has been secured in the second half of the year, multiple products in passenger vehicles have been targeted, and several international vehicle companies have passed quality audits, with bulk deliveries expected to start next year for some of the models and are expected to be released in 2020.
The “Out of Suzhou” strategy for orbital transport operations has continued to be achieved, with rapid growth in operations at a low base; about 1 billion hand orders are currently in hand, and performance is assured in the coming years. New energy and orbital transport types are expected to become more frequent, servile, plc&hmi, etc. Automated Industries, especially generic products, due to industrial know-how.
The Māori rate will remain largely stable and will decline to a limited extent as a result of sex and competition factors. The combined Māori rate will be slightly lower by the combined Māori rate for companies through R & D inputs and the provision of integrated electron and electrical automation products and programmes for their clients.
At the same time, the Betsett combined Māori rate is about 24%, which will reduce the Māori combined rate. We expect that sales and management costs will increase faster in the last two years, reaching a recent high in 2017, mainly as a result of the expansion of the company ' s business market and investment in research and development; the company is now consciously controlling the costs, taking into account the Beth table.
From open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the findings are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.