The general point of entry is clear, power control is expected to break through, research assistant Chai Ka Fai, the downstream manufacturing landscape is improving, and the industry continues to warm up.
But since October, the macro-scene climate has continued to improve, with industrial robot production increasing at a rate of +1.7 per cent in October, with negative shifts for the first time since August 1818, and cutting/forming machine beds increasing at a rate of +0.9 per point in October, returning to the dead line. From downstream, advanced manufacturing, photovoltaics, electronics, etc.
It has improved, and the traditional manufacturing industry will gradually come out next year, and it is expected that next year’s work will go on. The automating orders in Kikukawa have improved since September, the industrial recovery and new product-plus organizational changes are expected to decline next year, the November ring will continue to improve, and orders for the q3 have recovered from q3.
It is clear, but it is still expected to drop slightly this year. The server, the new plc platform products have been launched this year, new frequency change products are being developed, and this year ' s cnc table product based on German pa is expected to be launched next year, while the organizational changes are moving in depth and the results are expected to start next year.
This year, the commercial car sector has been singled out for less than expected, the passenger vehicle has been under pressure, and the overall commercial vehicle has been under pressure; it's under pressure.
Second-line cars are starting to release, but overall this year's volume is relatively small and inputs are continuing to be high, and losses are expected to increase this year. But this year, the switchboard power station went well, the country got five fixed points, and two overseas cars got a point with a load and dcdcdc.
The price reduction is expected to be slower next year, while the domestic frontline cars are starting to release, slowing down and falling under cost pressures.
The acquisition of Bestte was completed. Next year’s performance was enhanced, with further synergies. Motion orders improved. 2019-10-29.
The three-quarterly report on the technology (300124) has been completed, and the remaining 49% of the shares were announced as completed on 6 November.
The capacity of the "Big Pack" solution for elevator operations continues to be enhanced, with two strong synergies, rating: General Automation reflects the lead Alpha, the short-term pressure of the electric vehicle operations
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board