The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies, the new era of tax-free domestic consumption, the targeting, learning and scale of duty-free shops in the city.
What is the increase in domestic duty-free consumption? From the return of overseas consumption, China consumes about 180 billion yuan of duty-free consumption abroad, and its Chinese occupy hundreds of billions of markets in Japan and Korea; from the rise in perfume consumption, Asia and the Pacific accounts for 52 per cent of tax-free sales; from the increase in perfumed luxury goods, it continues at a rate of over 10 per cent; and from abroad and abroad, it is observed that China has been able to travel at a rate of over 10 per cent.
Infiltration continues, with an internal penetration and passport ownership rate of about 11%, an increase of 10-15% in future exit trips and relative stability in single prices for shoppers. Fourthly, about 37% of China’s consumer consumption abroad is in tax-free shops, and only 9% in China’s airport duty-free stores, and the advantage of the channel follows the scene and the product.
The key words for the Korean tax-exempt industry – Chinese, intra-city tax-free shops, perfumes, sub-purchases. The South Korean tax-free market has about 120 billion Chinese dollars, 70% (84 billion dollars), the national favorites for perfumes (60%), and international traders.
The share of goods (70%) is much higher than the share of local Korean products, and there is a part of the Korean market that is contributed by sub-purchases.
Long, the price of the tax-free passenger unit is currently around $6288 per person under the co-benefits. The China tax-free market is marked 2010.4.282.
Competition is being combated by customs on the one hand, and by domestic diversification, openness and scale on the other.
In the first year, Shanghai is expected to reach the size of 1-20 billion and mature.
Then it will be 4 to 5 billion yuan, and in the future it will be possible to achieve the 10 billion-dollar rule in the event of the opening of the market. 5. "The China Travel Company takes stock and strips the travel agency model so that similar predictions can be obtained from the point of view of penetration.
If the extreme assumption is that a tax-free increase will be retained at Shanghai airport to profit-rich inner-city shops, if the minimum guaranteed sales are met, the size of Shanghai single-stores will be 10 billion. What about the future development of the country’s travels at this point in time?
After the opening of the city’s free shop, the volume of commercial and recreational shopping will be increased from airport fragmentation to commercial shopping, which will combine tax exemption and leisure activities to extract consumer demand for domestic and foreign goods. The demand for domestic consumption increases and the structural return abroad.
This is an important logic of capital interest in China’s tax-exempt industry, a logic that has been established over a longer period of time.
The macro-economic impact on the country's consumption is constrained; the city's tax-exempt policy is not as open as expected; the renminbi exchange rate, i.e. where does the increase in domestic tax-free consumption come from?
Consumption has risen, and the pace of emigration has continued, with tax-exempt channels gaining advantages. 1.1 Overseas consumption returns.  In terms of overseas consumption, China has left 149 million people in 18 years.
Over $120 billion, per capita consumption amounts to $5,000-6,000. US-based consumer tourism spending in China is close to $258 billion, of which shopping accounts for about 30 per cent. Expatriate luxury consumption amounts to $10.73 billion (statistical calibers or differences).
In 2018, the tax-free size of China was $40 billion, corresponding to about $180 billion in duty-free sales abroad (excluding tax refunds). In fact, because of well-developed tax-refund mechanisms in Europe and the United States, and taking into account the territorial value of luxury goods and the need for exit impulse consumption, the volume of consumption back from overseas is much higher.
One hundred and forty-nine million Chinese tourists leave China to buy perfume, while Japan and Korea are China’s tourist shopping center. Of these 180 billion, the country’s tax-free consumption in Japan and South Korea exceeds 100 billion, or 56.5%.
Chinese tax-free sales in Korea amount to about 80 billion yuan, and Japanese tax-free consumption is about 21.7 billion.  From the evolution of China’s tax-free industry, there is now a new structural shift in the overall structure of overseas consumption and domestic consumption, both from a national policy point of view and from an open domestic supply point of view.
At present, China’s 39.5 billion yuan tax-free volume benefits not only from the reflux of international overseas consumption, but also from the penetration of domestic consumers’ demand for perfumed, luxury goods in a tax-free environment. The domestic retailing of cosmetics is now about 390 billion yuan (about 300 billion in size, except for the cleaning of care products).
Foreign shopping consumption is estimated at $540 billion, based on 17 years of global tax-exempt and Asia-Pacific tax-exempt data 36/45 per cent respectively (52 per cent in 18 years), assuming tax-exempt domestic and foreign is measured at 40 per cent of perfume, and the non-exempt area of offshore shopping consumption is not tax-exempt due to considerations.
The ratio of fine products is high, the share of perfume is assumed to be 25%, and the overall share of overseas perfume consumption is $162 billion. The current domestic market for cosmetics is maintained close to a 10% growth trend, and this internal increment will be transmitted further to the tax-exempt area.
This is absorbed by the country’s major retail and tax-exempt channels, which are able to achieve 100 billion grades in terms of natural growth of 5 per cent per year and between 6 and 6 billion grades, taking into account the need to add up to 100-150 billion yuan worth of space in China’s tax-exempt market every year for high-growth domestic consumption.
1.2 Favourite consumption escalation – Asia-Pacific regional perfumed duty-free sales account for 52%, and future fragrance, which dominates standard and low-value properties, makes cosmetics the main category of products operated by public tourists and buyers. Countries benefit from tax exemptions from China’s strong consumer demand.
The share of perfume in tax sales is about 52%, compared to 46% in 17 years, and in the consumption structure of luxury goods, it also accounts for a higher share. The highest increase was in perfume, with a trend of more than 20%.
Central fragrance consumption is the largest tax-free South Korea in 18 years, with a 60% share. The consumption of fragrance has led to high growth in duty-free markets in countries like Korea or Japan (South Korea’s tax-free sales grew by 35% in 2018 – Japan by 26%).
In terms of class, domestic spices have also grown far more than other consumer goods, and social zero data have grown faster, with domestic consumers benefiting from the high demand for fragrance in the domestic consumer-value economy from all sources, both domestic and foreign. 1.3 Channel advantages — domestic and foreign channels have benefited from strong consumer demand from domestic and foreign sources.
▪ On the whole, foreign consumption by domestic tourists is now larger and expands through different consumption channels. According to statistics, about 37% of foreign consumption by Chinese consumers takes place in tax-free shops, only 9% in Chinese airports, and domestic tax-free consumption is currently relatively low, for the sea.
Foreign-origin products have advantages and easier access to shopping to a more open environment than is currently the case for tax-free domestic markets, domestic market power lines and cross-border power suppliers, among others, have benefited from strong consumer demand in the country, and rising consumption on three or four lines has led to the development of various types of consumer goods.
Fees amounted to $38.1 trillion/+9 per cent, net retail sales to $9 trillion/+23.9 per cent; cross-border electricity merchants aggregating 9 trillion/+11.6 per cent, of which 21.1 per cent was imported, importers traded up to $1.9 trillion/+26.7 per cent of international goods of non-expatriate tourists in the form of cross-border power suppliers
Demand can be re-created in terms of future penetration rates and increases in unit prices after the opening of the tax-exempt scenario. 1.4 Emissions continue to penetrate — currently about 11 per cent internal penetration and passport ownership — and exits in the future.
At the per capita level of $8,000 for travel duty-free, 149 million people leave the country, with 1.2 trillion tax-free sales at the top of the base. According to U.S. statistics on consumption outside the country, it is 540 billion dollars for foreign purchases.
For $3,600 per person, substantially similar to the level of duty-free passenger unit prices in Hainan Island, which is relatively stable in relation to the concentration of tourists in Japan and South-East Asia, and in relation to the consumer's concentration in cosmetics, which is cheaper than luxury goods.
The flow of passengers will be able to sustain the process of continuous penetration in the future, with the number of passports and exit rates currently held by nationals remaining relatively low, and the demand for duty-free shopping due to travel will continue to grow.
Figure 12: The share of Chinese tourists in Japanese tourism is 40-50 per cent of the total tourism budget, with a single purchase price of about $7,000.
2.1 Chinese consumers contribute 70 per cent to the Korea tax-exempt market, which leads to an increase of more than 20 per cent per year in tax-exempt Korean sales of $17.238 billion/+35 per cent in 18 years, foreign passenger consumption of $5.36 billion/+45 per cent, about 79 per cent, and sales by Korean native residents of $3.602 billion
US$/+6.7 per cent of China ' s consumption in the Korean duty-free market was the highest, maintaining a trend of 70 per cent, followed by around 20 per cent of sales by Korean residents, less than 3 per cent of sales by other countries or regions, and tax-free sales in the Korean market, mainly driven by Korean native residents and mainland Chinese consumers.
China’s residents grew slowly (6.7%), and the increase in Chinese consumers led to a tax exemption of over 20% per year. In the absence of a tax exemption from China’s consumers, South Korea’s tax exemption market also has a relatively high percentage of purchases by its nationals (over 50% in 10 years).
2.2 Within-city tax exemptions account for 81% of the tax-free market in Korea, with intensive duty-free shops increasing tourist penetration and helping South Korea to become a shopping haven. 81% of the $17.2 billion worth of 18 years tax-free South Korea contributes to the market.
Sub-shopping, of which 18,199 million were made by foreign travellers, a total of 15,346,900 were received by international visitors in Korea a year, with an average of 1.2 duty-free shopping penetration in the tourist city.The layout of duty-free shops in the city is key to generating a high tax-free penetration rate for international visitors in Korea.
In the former Republic of Korea, there were 60 tax-exempt licences (29 airport duty-free shops, 26 intra-city duty-free shops, 4 off-island duty-free shops and 1 diplomatic duty-free shop), 13 of which were in Seoul. In 2019, six municipal tax-free licences were added, three of which were to be added in Seoul, and new ones were determined by November 19
The tax-exempt shops in the country are now licensed as Beijing, Shanghai, Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, Nanjing, etc., with a relatively small regional layout, and the future tax-exempt structure of China will allocate this market share to the city stores and airport stores from the absolute advantage of the airport stores.
2.3 South Korea’s duty-free sales account for 60 per cent of the high and fast increase in the share of national products, only 32 per cent.  South Korea’s duty-free sales account for 60 per cent of the high share of perfume, which is less than 10 per cent of the key packages, watches, etc. that have been growing in high duty-free South Korea over the years, and 68 per cent of imported goods.
The share of small and medium-sized enterprises is 14 per cent and 18 per cent. The higher share of cosmetics is comparable across countries or regions. From tracked duty-free sales brands, the top 30 brands in Korea are mainly cosmetics and red-coloured tobacco brands.
The sales of the top two brands and the top 30 brands in the 18-year snowflake show were 41%, close to the share of Korean products as a whole, with consumers predominantly consuming well-known brands, with the top 30 sales accounting for 44% of South Korea's total free sales. US products accounted for 17%, France.
In the South Korean tax-exempt structure, Japan accounts for 16 per cent and Japan 11 per cent of the country's products, as can be seen from China's consumption group, which is dominated by cosmetics and foreign sales, with more than 50 per cent of Japan and Korea's share of luxury goods
2.4 China’s proxy promotion of the South Korean tax-free market, with 27 per cent of Chinese tourists achieving 73 per cent of duty-free purchases.  From the consumption behaviour of the South Korean tax-free market, China’s consumer population is dominated by the consumption of cosmetics.
In addition to the strong attributes of the class, China’s consumption habits in South Korea are much higher than the average foreign consumption rate in South Korea in 18 years (3600 per person per person per consumer).
Tax-free shopping in Korea has also played a role since 17 years. In 18 years, Korea’s tax-free shop hosted 12,93 million Chinese purchases, and its Chinese had 4.79 million trips to Korea throughout the year, with an average of 2.7 visits.
The number of free-of-charge purchases by native Korean residents was 29,93 million, after 14 years of complex increases of more than 10 per cent, but the price of free-of-charge purchases remained low (70-9000 people).
In 18 years, Japanese tourists at an international passenger unit price of RMB 1065.5, US RMB 1306.6, Taiwan tourists 998.9 and international visitors.
Chinese tourists have far higher unit prices than in other countries, with 27% of Chinese tourists making up 73% of duty-free purchases. In 15-18, the South Korean tax-exempt expatriate passenger unit prices were $337,369,623.9/749.25, respectively, and South Korea China began 17 years after the Sade incident in South Korea.
The flow fell from 8.0677 million to 4.169 million, but the number of duty-free international travellers increased from 7.6177 million in 16 years by 24% to 9.4269 million, with less change except for the larger number of Chinese passengers. Chinese tourists and Koreans as a whole after the Sade incident.
There's a double-digit drop in the number of visitors, but the overall increase in the number of duty-free shopping points and sales is a process of increasing the number of shopping times and the price of the passenger unit, in which China's surrogates have a greater impact.
In the Japanese consumer market, Chinese tourists have a single purchase price of about $7,000, similar to the Chinese tourist's level in South Korea, of which the cosmetics bill is about $3400, while the Chinese buy it in Japan.
2.5 There are differences between China and Korea in terms of tax-free consumption scenes, consumers and business patterns
More than 80% of the national sales were distributed: in 18 years, 39.5 billion tax-free amounts were distributed across the country, including 6.7 billion at Beijing airport, about 14 billion at Shanghai, 800 million at White Cloud airport, 8 billion at Sea Bay, and 2.5 billion at sea. There was a morphological difference from the 80% tax-free ratio in South Korea.
Different types of tax-exempt business operations are determined by the different demands of tax-exempt activities in Japan and Korea. International tax-exempts, such as Japan and Korea, are designed to stimulate the development of industrial chains such as residential and recreational shopping through the development of the cultural tourism industry, with the main objective of opening up international passenger purchases, while China’s current tax-free market is based on the domestic sea.
Foreign consumption returns are the main thrust. Tax-free consumption around the country now accounts for 40 billion yuan, as can be seen from the current international tourism earnings of foreign tourists, with 140 million foreign tourists/+1.2% in 2018, of whom 3054 million/+4.7% are foreign tourists.
Ten thousand yuan, but the share of purchases is low, and domestic consumption potential for international tourists is constantly being exploited, with tax-free shops operating in former Beijing, Xiamen, Qingdao, etc. to meet the demand of foreign tourists. Japan’s tax-exempt income structure has a relatively low contribution from its residents.
South Korea’s tax-free share of locals is only 21%, and Japan’s tax-free share of the top few tax-free consumers, such as mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, and South Korea.
3.1 From the point of view of South Korea’s policy, if the future is to open up to foreign nationals before they leave the country, the tax-free shops will be opened in Shanghai in June.
The level of consumption will generate more tax-free demand based on the high base of tourists leaving Kyoto. Shanghai Gate has a 3,000-square area, Beijing Gate has a 513-square area, and the second phase has a 800-square-square area, with the Blue Bay site. For Beijing and Shanghai, there is a stronger exit trip.
When visitors look at the future of tax-free growth in the city, we measure it in two ways: first, a comparison of the accelerator effect, and second, the concept of penetration rate.
East Airport efficiency. Shanghai’s 3000-square-size tax-free area is about $1 billion to 2 billion in tax-exempt amount, and the level of tax-exemption in maturity is about $4 to 5 billion, which is expected to reach the level of 10 billion in single-stores in the future, given the increase in tax-exempt areas in the future.
10% of companies, of which the exemption group Beijing Capital Airport Free Goods Ltd. is a 51%-free subsidiary.  From the point of view of penetration, the basis of the current flow of tourists from the sea, together with the data on penetration rates, unit prices, etc. above, takes into account the size of the internal store’s income after the fall of the policy in Shanghai.
With a higher weight, the assumed unit price is expected to be around $1,500-2500 (below the average unit price for tourists leaving the country). Under the neutral assumption, the size of the revenue after the Shanghai store has landed is expected to be around $1.21.7 billion, with a maturity period of between $5 billion and $7 billion.
From the point of view of the diversion between Shanghai airport and the city's duty-free shop, the flow base shared by the inner city store and Shanghai airport is the same, with 46.2 million arrivals/+5.8 per cent in 18 years at the Shanghai port, with a tourist base of about 10 million. The number of arrivals and departures at Shanghai airport is currently 38.4 million.
/+7.7% The Shanghai East Airport Satellite Office will be operational in September-October, expanding the tax-free area of Shanghai Airport as a whole, while duty-free shops in the city will be able to share the airport's passenger flow at the same time as they are open to foreigners.
This represents almost 9 per cent of the tax exemption at Shanghai Airport for the current 18 years, assuming that the tax-free passenger unit price at Shanghai Airport is $3000, the number of duty-free shopping places is approximately 3.67 million, the penetration rate corresponds to Shanghai Airport's exit base is 20 per cent, and there is room for an increase in penetration in the future, which can be made up in the course of increasing penetration rates.
Intra-city shops have an impact on the diversion of airports, while satellite hall supplements to product and brands can play a role in permeating permeability and per capita consumer unit consumption.
The total operating reserve for the entire contract period was $41 billion, according to the announcement issued by Shanghai Airport, which was 35.25/41.58/45.59/6288.68.64/814.8 million yuan per year.
Assumptions that do not take into account the diversion of the city’s stores to the airport are expected to achieve a 10-25% rate of increase per year, given the high rate of deductions, or the desire to make the city’s tax-free stores large.
On this extreme assumption, the tax exemption in Shanghai is expected to reach 10 billion in 2025.
4.1 The domestic duty-free market is still in a low degree of penetration, and nationals are currently the main driving force behind the exit duty-free policy.
According to data on the penetration rate of the Bay and Phoenix airports, the Shanghai airport and traffic through and out of the country, only about 20% of the more sophisticated duty-free shops are now free of any kind, and are still in a low level of water. South Korea’s shopping penetration is over 100%, while South Korea’s share of international goods is tax-free.
Close to 70%, so tax exemption for nationals is not a top priority in the competition for goods and brands. The significance of this conclusion for exemptions lies in the layout of consumer-friendly brands and products on the product and brand, and less in the face of the tax-exempt scenario than in the Republic of Korea.
China’s tax-exempt market is now relatively high, and the current version of the map is only available domestically. South Korea’s tax-exempt contribution can be seen as taking a long-term perspective on China’s tax-exempt market.
In the period from 09 to 10 years, the national tax-free contribution rate was more than 50%, and the city store opened in 1979. From 2000 onwards, the duty-free contribution from South Korea was concentrated on South Korean tourists, similar to China’s current tax-exempt pattern.
The cost of buying a single unit is lower, with other international passengers in the current tax-exempt environment in Korea exceeding $1,000, and the tax-free rate for international passengers in China is higher at the price of a single in South Korea. 4.2 After the opening of the city’s duty-free shop, the amount of scrapping consumption time goes from the airport to commercial and recreational shopping.
Upgrading, combining tax exemptions with leisure, fully exploiting consumer demand for goods at home and abroad Tax exemptions and retail trade and tourism concepts, in our tourism research, consumer acceptance of a certain consumption budget that can be used for shopping, tax exemptions, and travel trips.
As a result, the opening of the scene for expatriate tourists is attractive at the level of excavations and high osmosis in passenger prices. Current domestic consumption is concentrated on pre-flight shopping intentions, ignoring the overall demand for shopping before and after the flight.
In the case of domestic tax-exempt policies, which are more restrictive for the industry, there is much room for tax-exemption in the country as far as the consumption capacity of domestic tourists in South Korea is concerned. The opening of duty-free shops from airport duty-free to off-island duty-free and then to the city will continue to enrich the buying scenes of expatriate and international tourists, and tax-free off-island politics.
There is still some room for openness, and it is expected that future duty-free shops in the city will be another tax-free means for the country to boost the flow of consumption abroad. From the reduction of tariffs by the state to stimulate consumer behaviour in general trade, the country’s attraction for consumption abroad will be a major investment in consumption in the coming years, in general trade.
Many channels, such as goods, cross-border power suppliers and tax exemptions, have been able to return to consumption abroad, with tax exemptions becoming the most effective way to pull through their absolute price advantages and commodity quality, thus contributing to domestic economic growth and real domestic consumption-led gdp growth.
4.3 The demand for rising domestic consumption and the structural reversal of external consumption are important logics of capital interest to China ' s tax exemption, which was established in a longer period of time – the process of the rapid rise of domestic markets on three or four fronts and the harvest of perfumed products.
The annual compound growth rate of about 10 per cent, coupled with faster market developments in other countries (the country already has a stronger user group for cosmetics and 3c products). The volume of overseas consumption by nationals is still quite large, with Japan and South Korea as permanent shopping points for tourists from China.
In addition to the advantages of home-grown products, as a result of their more comprehensive viewing and branding, which has resulted in a good volume of purchases, China ' s tax exemption is still in its initial phase and is low-open, and in terms of product layout, China is able to draw short- and long-term tourist attractions from international experience.
The duty-free environment for international travellers. The tax-free environment in which exemption is currently granted is better than in an international environment such as South Korea, where domestic monopolies are achieved through license plates that maximize the overall economies of scale.
The National Brigade will focus on the operation of the tax-free plates after the removal of the travel agency, including the capital airport in April 17, with a new rate of deduction in February 18; Shanghai airport in March 18, with the sea free from the control of the shareholders in the company but free from the operation by management agreement; White Cloud airport at t2 terminal
In May 18, it opened a tax-free shop; in November 2017, Hong Kong Airport; and in June 2018 Macao Airport.
At the same time, after opening the city's tax-free shop, it is able to contribute to the increase in tax-free performance in the context of the expected opening of tax-free policies in the city (the first year of operation can be 200-300 million yuan in profits).
(b) The devaluation of the renminbi has a certain loss in exchange rate that affects the company's performance.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment