In-depth study/team and restaurant tourism – what is the future geometry of China’s tax-exempt industry? We believe that China is currently tax-exempted, driven by the liberalization of policy facilitation channels and the increased efficiency of tax-exempt operations.
There is still much room for growth in the size of the industry: from (1) return of overseas consumption, (2) drive of tax-free shopping penetration within the population: stock upscaling time, with a wide range of incremental space, and we believe that, while the trend increase in the rate of seizure of airport channels will have an impact on net profit rates within the country
In the context of the increased emphasis on non-aerial operations, the airport will in the future work together with the improvements in the management of the airport, contributing to the expansion of duty-free sales of the airport. In addition, the high rate of tax-exempt and duty-free growth in the city + Hainan Island will increase the distribution channels of the high net profit margin and offset the net profit margin of the airport.
The change in the pattern of competition between the Unit and the deep 300: the low probability of opening up foreign investment and the stabilization of internal competition patterns, given the transfer of tax dividends and the policy of returning consumption, we believe that tax-exempt qualifications are open to foreign investment.
The potential changes in bid policies at ports of exit are also more manageable in terms of the impact on the net profit-free rate of future diversification of channels. In our view, the domestic tax-exempt industry is still at a high pace in the context of policy push and optimized operators’ operations.
The Middle and Middle Group will continue to be the main beneficiaries of the rapid growth in China’s tax-exempt industry in the future. Assuming the investment gains achieved by the hotel in 2020, we expect companies to grow by close to 40% in 2020, and the current valuation is now more attractive, adding to the expected high level of tax-exempt policies in recent cities, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Tax-exempt sales have not grown as expected; tax-exempt policies within the city have not progressed as expected.
2. China Travel (601888): Tax exemption at the winning airport, affecting geometry, i. Tax exemption for China, space geometry?
(i) Policy-driven industries: micro-realization instruments under macro-regulation. Tax exemptions are mainly exempted from the central tax lines of import duties, consumer duties, value added taxes, etc., which are essentially a concession from the central tax dividend. Especially in our country, tax-free industries have been central to the implementation of macro-level strategies since their inception.
For example, in the early 1980s and 1990s, our tax-exempt industry emerged mainly as a “double gap” in capital and foreign remittances for the country to earn foreign exchange, mainly for tourists, diplomats, international seafarers, and Chinese diasporas, both within and outside the country. As a result, tax-exempt activities are essentially driven by policies.
What is the significance of development? (1) Meeting the policy objective of expanding and balancing the trade balance of domestic demand. With the rapid growth of our per capita income, the growing need for luxury goods, medium- and high-end consumer goods among the domestic population and our non-luxury producer countries and tariff barriers are at odds.
According to McKinsey, in 2017, our residents spent $250 billion abroad, resulting in an annual deficit in trade in tourism services amounting to $1.6 trillion. By raising the tax-free sales, it was possible to return to overseas consumption on the one hand, and to balance the huge amount generated by travel services on the other.
Trade deficits, double gains, achieve policy goals to expand domestic demand and balance trade. (2) The domestic tourism industry lacks core attractions and international competitiveness is weak. Depending on the travel budget (money, time), there are significant alternatives to the tourism industry between countries, and the tourism consumption and time spent by tourists in a country.
The current composition of our tourist arrivals is about 130 million visitors per year, but it is mainly our compatriots in Hong Kong and Australia, with a foreign tourist population of just over 20 million and less than the U.S. and British countries. The international competitiveness of the tourism industry is in urgent need of improvement, as well as important elements of tourism in order to tap into the tourism market.
(ii) Low permeability of duty-free purchases by nationals, and the fact that municipal tax-free policy dividends are still to be released,1 China ' s tax-free sector accounts for a lower proportion of the world ' s economy, while China ' s overall sales of duty-free purchases are lower than South Korea ' s, accounting for only 6.5 per cent of the world ' s total sales. In 2017, our tax-free industry generated about $31 billion.
The RMB, which represents only 6.5% of the global tax-free sales and 15% of the Asia-Pacific region at the average exchange rate of 6.7 US dollars against the renminbi, does not match our economic position in the global and Asia-Pacific region. Our residents’ tax-free shopping penetration rate is 10-23%, well below the 70-80% level in neighboring Korea.
The scale of sales is estimated at approximately $29.4 billion in duty-free sales at ports of entry and exit after deduction of duty-free sales from Hainan Island. Research from dfe shows that the current amount of airway passenger consumption per person is half of the $8,000 tax-free shopping line, and given that there are currently more than $20 billion in duty-free shopping at Kyuna Airport, we can assume that dfe's research data are basic.
A conservative assumption is that the average cost of the airport passenger is $800-2000, and that the domestic penetration rate of our residents was between 10 and 23% in 2018, while the country ' s penetration rate was between 70 and 80% in 2009-2018. If further consideration is given to further easing our duty-free range from the island to the islander in 2018,
The difference in penetration rates between the two countries is likely to widen further. We believe that the impact of the penetration rate of the out-of-country tour has led to a wide variation in the rates of tax-free shopping penetration of Korean residents because (1) tax-free shopping channels remain restricted for residents of the country: (2) there is still room for an increase in the rate of tax-free shopping conversion at airports:
In contrast to the limited shopping hours and shopping spaces in the airport’s duty-free shops, there are no restrictions on shopping hours in the city’s stores, and there are large spaces for displaying and selling goods. In South Korea’s experience, about 50% of duty-free national consumption takes place in the city, followed by the airport and the island.
Of our tax-free sales revenue, the airport + port + off-island tax-free contribution is about 80-85%, the airport is about 10-15% tax-free, the city duty-free (2) the airport's business capability needs to be improved, and the rate of conversion of duty-free shops remains high. Currently, the rate of conversion of domestic airport passengers to duty-free shopping is still low. In 2018, the rate of migration to the Melanes airport duty-free shop was only 9.6%; per purchase-by-purchase.
In 2018, the rate of passenger conversion at the capital and Pudong airport was only 30-40%, and in 2017 the rate at Incheon airport was estimated to be around 50%. Thus, there is still much room for increasing the rate of tax-free passenger shopping conversion at domestic airports, and the low rate of tax-free passenger shopping at our airports is mainly due to three factors: first, the most direct reason is that I
The country’s largest airport, Pudong, has less than 10,000 duty-free areas, 11 duty-free shops, and fewer brand shops.
With the expansion of the Pudong Airport Satellite Agency and the continuous optimization of the tax-free area and the continued operation of the Japanese, we expect that there is still much room for improvement in the rate of passenger conversion of the tax-free shops at Shanghai Airport: the capital city and White Cloud Airport are more difficult to expand in the short term, but operators can still improve the rate of passenger conversion by, for example, increasing their promotional activities.
Pudong Airport, or the new White Cloud Airport t2 terminal, still has a gap between the shopping experience and the shopping climate of foreign airports; third, Korean operators introduced duty-free shopping online early in 2000 to support the advance purchase of incoming and outgoing passengers, and the delivery of goods from offline airports. The online duty-free shopping platform in the country is starting and is now available at Shaw Hill Airport and White Cloud Airport.
2- Developments in the offshore tax-exempt industry: Asia-Pacific city share is high, Korea’s tax-free development path is interesting, and globally, airports, within cities and off-islands together constitute the main scene of duty-free sales. As of 2017, the world was exempt.
Total tax sales in the industry amounted to $69.3 billion, or +9.5 per cent, of which airports, other (in-city, off-island, etc.) were the main outlets for global duty-free sales, contributing together to 94 per cent of the volume of industry sales in 2017, with revenues growing significantly faster than those on board and affected by trade policies, tax-free policies, etc. The Asia-Pacific region has a high share of intra-city stores, and Europe is dominated by airports.
Europe, the Middle East, and Africa are predominantly airport channels, but the Asia-Pacific region has a relatively close share of airports and intra-city shops. In this context, the share of duty-free sales of European airports is much higher than that of intra-city shops, mainly because of the absence of tariff barriers within the European Union and the fact that intra-market duty-free shops are dominated by refunds of value-added tax (about 5% - 20%), cumbersome procedures, and prices are less favourable than tax-based shops (tax shops).
In contrast, duty-free stores in the Asia-Pacific region are not only exempt from import duties, but are also exempt from value-added tax/consumption tax, with prices having a clear advantage over tax stores, the convenience of duty-free stores in the city and good shopping experience, the first duty-free market in the world, Korea, where duty-free shops have become the absolute major tax-free shopping.
From the development of the tax-free industry in neighboring South Korea, the incentives for the tax-free industry are similar to those in our country. From the results of its development, South Korea, thanks to its rich tax-free shopping channels, has fulfilled its dual mission of capturing the consumption of foreigners and attracting and exploiting the consumption of foreign consumers: according to our syntheses, the South Korean tax-free industry has experienced, since its inception in 1967, a separate experience of “earning foreign exchange - leading the flow of consumption back.”
In the process, the Korean government has achieved three important results through the development of the tax-exempt industry: first, it has achieved the twin goals of stopping foreign consumers and digging for foreign tourists. As of 2018, South Korean residents had a home-grown duty-free shopping penetration rate of over 70%; and the developed intra-city shop system has allowed foreign tourists to have a total tax-free shopping ratio from 2006 onwards.
The second is the growth of home-grown tax-exempt markets, which have produced two major tax-exempt poles, Eunción and Niño, both of which, by virtue of their size, compete in international tax-exempt markets.
The third is the Ito City Shop, where South Korea continues to maintain its position as the world’s largest duty-free market. With the support of rich free shopping channels, South Korea’s tax-free sales grew by 35 to 17.2 billion dollars in 2018, a process in which the city’s tax-free stores played a significant role, accounting for 80 per cent of South Korea’s total tax-free sales.
First phase (1967-1979): The initial development of the tax-exempt market in Korea was driven by a similar trend as in my country, mainly to attract foreign tourists, earn foreign exchange, and promote consumption. Korea first opened an airport tax-free shop at Seoul airport in 1967 and then opened an intra-city tax-free shop in Seoul in 1979, the world’s first city-style tax-free shop, mainly for United States and United States non-commissioned officers in Korea.
Second stage (1980-2000): In order to steer consumption back, the 1990s began to raise the tax-free shopping lines for residents. As Koreans broke 5,000 dollars in 1989 and the Korean Won appreciated, the South Korean expat market began to blow up, and from 1989 to 1996.
In order to guide the return of consumption, the Korean government has gradually increased the tax exemption for its residents from US$ 500 to US$ 1,000 to US$ 2,000 since 1985-1996. Phase III (since 2000): taking into account the return of consumption and the potential of foreign tourists to consume.
After 2000, steering the population back into consumption remains an important goal of the Korean government, such as raising the tax-free foreign shopping quota to $3,000 in 2006 to meet national shopping needs. Moreover, after 2002, it benefited from the convening of the Japan-Korean World Cup, the spread of Korean culture, and the increasing positioning of the tourism industry within the country (national strategic industries have been upgraded to the core of the country).
According to kto data, the country’s entry market hosted 4.75 million foreign tourists a year in 2003, rising to 17.24 million in 2016, with Chinese tourists rising significantly from 510,000 in 2003 to 8.07 million in 2016, accounting for 46% of South Korean tourist arrivals.
On the one hand, by implementing the Tourism Revitalization Implementation Act, relaxing China and South-East Asia ' s passenger-signing policy, the Korean Government has vigorously expanded its foreign guest base, attracting a group of highly purchasing power Chinese tourists to live in duty-free shops; on the other hand, the Korean Government is constantly trying to innovate and break through on the supply side, occupying the minds of foreign passengers by developing various tourism factor resources.
Finally, in 2008, Korea went beyond the United Kingdom to become the world’s largest tax-free market, showing a high share of intra-market sales and a double share of foreign tourist consumption. Figure 22: South Korea’s tax-free marketing structure by nationality
1. Consumption Reflux Perspective: South Korea's surrogate consumption reflux is expected to bring about an increase of about 80 billion yuan, according to David Moody's report, after the implementation of the new electronic commerce law, the amount of 1q19 Chinese tax-free shopping consumption in South Korea is still high.
On the basis of the RMB 25.4 billion, which represents 76.7 per cent of the total sale of the Korean tax-free industry, we expect that in 2018 Chinese residents will have sold more than RMB 80 billion in duty-free purchases in South Korea, and that only 50 per cent of that share will return to duty-free consumption, which will be close to or even exceed the tax-free sales in China in 2018.
A simple percentage of the size of the country’s overseas consumption is used to calculate the size of the domestic duty-free sales and the penetration rate is more interesting. Even if the domestic duty-free market is well developed, as in South Korea, the size of its consumption abroad is still huge.
And penetration rates, as a common measure of market size and spatial economics, are more useful for us to judge the size of the future tax-exempt industry in China. As mentioned earlier, we measured tax-free shopping penetration rates in China and Korea in 2018 by 10-23% and 70-80% respectively.
The average consumption level has remained constant, and in the future the rate of penetration of duty-free shopping in our residents will rise to 50%, and the size of domestic free sales is expected to rise to 77.5 billion yuan. As a result, China’s tax-free industry is expected to reach 89.8 billion yuan in 2022, with a period of cagr of about 22%:
ii. Drivers of corporate growth: stock improvements are time-limited, incremental space is wide and benefits from the liberalization of duty-free off-island policies and Japanese acquisitions. Currently, the exemption group of China's fully-owned subsidiaries has achieved full control over the core duty-free consumption scene in the country — the hub airport duty-free shop and Hainan off-island, with duty-free sales from 2011 onwards.
(i) The space for growth in stock channels should not lose sight of the undervalued White Cloud Airport: expanded area + optimized goods + network expansion = increased passenger prices
As well as the country’s three major airports, Baek Yun Airport’s past duty-free sale lags behind in Kyoto. From 2016 to 2017, sales at Guangzhou Bai Yun Airport fluctuated between $200 million and $20 million per person per person in 2017, which is a difference between the same line of Kyoto airport (Shanghai 274/persons, Beijing 257/persons).
In addition to Hong Kong's diversionary factors, we believe that the reasons for the unsatisfied sales of duty-free services in the past are: (i) the problems of small size, low branding, and an ageing product; and (ii) the low number of European and American routes and the poor quality of the passenger base. And, with the official launch of the White Cloud 2 terminal in September 2018, the past constraints on duty-free passenger billing at White Cloud Airport are moving forward.
(1) (t2) The opening of the industry has led to an increase in the size of duty-free operations and an increase in the size of the white cloud duty-free brand/goods category. With the start of operation of the White Cloud 2 new terminal in August 2018, the total area of operation of the white cloud airport has now increased to 5944 square metres, with the complete renovation of the doors and the full involvement of the one-line perfumed brand, with the number of key perfumed brands in excess of 50, mostly in the shop with Pudong 2
The number of cards is equal, and the resulting increase in passenger turnover is expected to be the main factor driving the significant increase in tax-exempt income at White Cloud Airport (2). The overall discount is higher, and the price of popular products is closer to the sun. According to our field visit, White Cloud Airport has a higher level of promotion of tax-free concessions before it, such as a 9.5-percent discount on the whole of the fragrance, a 8.5-percent discount on some of the monolithic items, a discount on the hot single ski.
The price of final sales is better than the price of China: the price of popular products is very different from that of Shanghai, Japan. On the other hand, we understand that now White Cloud's surrogate activity is more active than in the past, and that it is higher than the average passenger's single consumption, which is also favourable for the rise in unit prices.
The field has begun to press ahead with the development of the international hub, which will attract international passengers in the region in the future through the introduction of a foreign aviation division and the addition of a high-value-added international route; on the other hand, the airport’s network of routes will not leave the main base airline support. At present, the White Clouds’ main base, the South China Airlines, has withdrawn from the Sky Convergence, and will build an important level of the “Guangzhou-Beijing” dual hub strategy, and South China will continue to optimize in the future.
Its international network of routes at White Cloud Airport and its increased share of the international market through strategic partners’ rich international airline resources in the United States. Moreover, as Hong Kong’s international airport has reached its bottleneck capacity, it will take 2022 to open its triple runway, and it will also take over some of Hong Kong’s airport overflows, leading to an overall improvement in passenger quality.
After further consideration of the operational uphill period that existed at the beginning of the tax-free sale of t2, $160 million and $109 were only undervalued averages, and the average monthly sales and passenger unit prices should actually be higher than those values by November-December, especially given the price advantage.
Taking into account the above factors, we expect further increases in White Cloud's unit prices in 19 years: assuming that White Clouds' unit prices rose to $120 in 19 and international passengers' throughput increased by 10%, White Cloud's revenue is expected to rise to $2.4 billion, with net profits close to $220 million.
In conjunction with the gradual rise in the income levels of residents in the region, the long-term passenger price of Bai Yun Airport may be closer to the current level of Kyouta, when it is expected to rise to over $6.2 billion, corresponding to a net profit of $470 million if the Māori rate and the cost ratio are maintained.3 The expansion of the tax-free area and the increase in the international passenger ratio will drive the continued growth of tax-free sales at Kyongsu Airport.
Two indicators are used to measure the potential of duty-free airport sales: (1) international passenger throughput; and (2) passenger unit prices. Among these, international travel throughput includes two variables: domestic-international, and international-international, corresponding to the airport transit rate.
In terms of international passenger traffic: in 2018, the proportion of international passengers at Kyouta Airport, the country’s largest intake, was 42% and 27%, respectively, well below the number of other international hubs. Moreover, due to historical factors, the country’s large airport transit service process is inadequate, and passengers are in transit for long periods of time and complex processes, leading to a lower number of international transit passengers.
The proportion of international passengers in transit is 10.7%, 12.5%, while the proportion of international passengers in transit at Atlanta airport is as high as 64%, while the proportion of transit passengers at Los Angeles, Seoul Incheon and Tokyo Chengda airports is 16 - 19%. In terms of unit prices, if you look at the price in person, the current level of tax-free passenger unit prices at Kyoto airport is higher than those at Seoul and Dubai.
But, as we have previously analysed, the rate of tax-free shopping for domestic airport passengers is still low. As the rate of tax-free shopping for passengers increases, we expect that there will still be more than 10 per cent of the rate at Pudong airport, and more than 20 per cent of the price at the capital airport.
At present, both Pudong and Capital Airports have more profitable factors that provide space for them to improve international passenger occupancy and unit prices. First, there is an expansion of the area: tax-free operations will be doubled to 19,000 square metres after the opening of the Pudong Airport Satellite Office in 2019; and, second, there will be a further increase in growth at a time that will make it possible to increase their capacity at a time, such as when White Cloud 2 fell in 2018 and the Civil Aviation Authority gave it.
For the capital airport, which has experienced a slow growth in passenger flows over the past two years due to hardware restrictions, we expect to start new flights starting with the winter spring season of 2021/22, especially direct and international flights, with the opening of the capital airport, which will take over some of its domestic and international flights.
To meet its goal of building an international hub airport, the Hong Kong Airport Smoking Hotel has a full year of operation, with a high probability of future losses, high deductions, start-up fees, and reception times.
As a result of the high upfront operating costs of the Hong Kong airport tobacco and alcohol tax-free shop, as well as the unsynchronous impact of the opening of the store and the payment of rent, the company Hong Kong airport tobacco and alcohol tax-free shop is expected to lose $100 million in 2018. With the full year of operation in 2019, Hong Kong’s shop is expected to lose even more.
The rent is not covered and the fixed cost will be offset by 19 years of full operation; on the other hand, the advantage of Etolagdell in the area of ocean wine and the firm’s in-depth cooperation with the Maotai group have resulted in a higher rate of tobacco and alcohol production at Hong Kong’s airport than at the domestic airport. In 2016, the Hong Kong airport generated about $6 billion in tax-free sales, including cigarettes and perfumes, based on historical tax-free operating data from Hong Kong’s airport.
The sales ratio is similar, if calculated at the net interest rate of the tax-exempt operation of Dufry (estimated at about 5% in 2017), which corresponds to the net profit in the maturity of the smoke hotel, is close to 100 million dollars, and is expected to contribute to the net profits of the joint venture with Lagdell, if taken into account. The increase in the company's Māori ratio of 2018h1 is driven mainly by changes in the consolidation of statements.
But the integration of tax-exempt channels is still a gradual process, and the increase in the Māori rate is also gradual and gradual.
In particular, in 2014-2015, after the acquisition of nuance (57% Māori) and wdf (59% Māori) respectively, sales grew from $4.6 billion to $6.4 billion, but in gross terms, the procurement of duty-free operators from branders is generally carried out within the framework of large agreements (generally for about three years), because
The increase in the size of the sale during the period of the agreement does not have a clear impact on the purchase price of the prior contract. Thus, if the company were to calculate the period of time between China and Shanghai on the date of the acquisition of the company in 2017-2018, assuming that the previous procurement agreement had been in place for about three years, the synergies in the procurement business would be expected to be released in 2020, with the end of the previous procurement agreement.
(ii) Incremental channels: the largest increase in intra-city + off-island contributions, and new retail distributions are of concern. As noted earlier, the growth of stock channels has largely benefited from the company ' s upgrading in size and operation in recent years, encompassing a wide range of aspects such as procurement negotiations, shop operations, and improvements in the external environment.
In order to guide the return of consumption, more policies have been enacted since 2011 to support the development of the tax-free industry, but from the policies already in place, the focus is mainly on airports, ports of entry and exit, and duty-free exits from the island, and there is still a gap in the city’s shop policy. In the light of the above-mentioned development of Korea’s tax-free industry, we believe that in the current macro-economic context, the country would like to guide consumption back further.
On the one hand, the current stock of large airport passengers is close to saturation, and in the context of bottlenecks in the shopping conversion rate, the development of duty-free stores in the city will be one.
At the same time, the residents of the country are more inclined to offer duty-free shopping to their residents, as shown by the opening of duty-free shops in Shanghai and by McKinsey’s research on the wealthier population of the country; (2) South Korean experience shows that inner-city shops can be useful in digging for foreigners to enter and consume tourism.
Inner shops are the most important shopping scenes for foreign tourists, and they are a factor in attracting foreign tourists. From the current situation in the country, there has been a lack of growth in immigration.
(i) Because of the greater significance of repurchases in the home country, the theoretical unit price should be lower than in the off-shore market, taking into account the fact that it is better than in the brand/goods variety, price, etc., we assume that the off-the-market stock is more available than the existing on-the-border stores.
50% bill premium, but in South Korea ' s experience, Korean residents consume 2.1 times more than their airport channels. (2) Taking into account the advantages of the size of the exemption, we temporarily conservatively assume that the Māori rate is 50%; (3) without taking into account the impact of the withholding rate (projected at 5-8%), the cost of sales is equal to the cost of the entering shop, but free from refurbishment and renting.
(b) As a result, the value of the market’s mature premises in Kyoto would be approximately 67.6-93 million yuan per square metre/year, with a net interest rate of about 18 per cent, and a combined profit of $680 million (assuming Beijing’s full capital, 51 per cent of Shanghai’s equity), equivalent to 22 per cent of the increase in 2018’s performance.
In order to verify the validity of the pavilion, we compare the number of pavilions at Mi's, Apple's, Capital Airport, Shanghai's and Shanghai's tax-exempt shops, which show that we measure the pavilion's effects between the current city-highest market chain and the airport's tax-exempt stores.2 Off-island tax exemption: in the context of policy liberalization, tax exemptions from the island will continue to grow at a high double-digit level in 2019-21.
After seven policy adjustments, the exemption policy for Hainan Island has now been implemented: (1) target sales; (2) number of purchases; and (3) range of items: (4) number of shopping lines have shown an advantage over Okinawa, Japan, and Jeju Island, Korea. In 2018, Hainan Island was sold duty-free, totalling $10.1 billion, an increase of 26 per cent, beyond Jeju Island as the world ' s largest off-island duty-free shopping place.
Until 2019, the exemption from taxation on Hainan Island was divided into two main areas: the Middle Sea Bay exemption in Sanya, which was about 35 per cent in Cagr in 2011-2018; and the Melanes airport tax exemption at Seagate, which included the t1 tax exemption and the Air Tourist Tax exemption city on the lower floor of the pre-station complex.
The annual rate of tax exemption increases are expected to continue at a faster rate: the exemption limit was raised from $5,000 to $80,000, and 6.9 per cent.20 per cent per person per person per person per person per person per year for the whole island/Maritime Bay during the year, but since the adjustment took place at the end of October and did not reflect the seven-year highs in the year, we were included in the 2013 consumption rate.
In January 2016, the tax-free shopping limit was raised from $8,000 to $16,000, but there are still restrictions on the number and number of items purchased by the off-island tax-exempt policy, and therefore only on the island/seagullion and free of restrictions on the number of purchases.
On 17 January 2019, the Ministry of Finance approved the opening of an additional municipal tax-free shop in Hainan Province, Bojing (which is currently free of charge and free of charge) to travel.
Passengers who leave the island by all means of transport can buy goods from the store and pick them up at the point of delivery. If they leave the island by air, they can also pay 10,000 square metres, located in the square of the cbd core area of the city of Haiguchi, and the tax-free shop is located in the Bohai Forum Asia area of the city of Jonglei, with an area of 4,200 square metres. We expect that the tax-free shop at the sea port, with good location conditions, is expected to become the main market.
(3) In the medium term, sufficient land reserves at the mouth of the sea will support the future growth space. The company’s Sun-War Investment Department successfully competed for six State-owned plots of land on the west side of Seagate Boulevard, east of 6th Street, covering a total area of 32.4 million square metres. Of this, approximately 89,000 square metres of retail commercial land, at a volume rate of 2.26, the project’s building area would be 20 square metres.
Ten thousand square metres, which is 1.6 times the size of the existing Bay of Seals, are expected to be in 2023. The project will be effective in resolving the limited area of duty-free operation in the past in the city of the Seagate area.3 The strategic significance of the winning airport is far-reaching.
In March 2019, at a lower cost, the company officially won the Beijing tax-free shop in Daeheung, with the following first round of financial bids:
The exit shop bid, although the price is again higher than the median rate (base-year premium ($720 million) and the combined rate of deduction (47.5%) is higher), is phased in the technology evaluation, which still beats the other side with the advantage of channel and size. We have reason to believe that if the future exit shop is liberalized, it will be possible to take out the key airport at a more reasonable price.
The overall rate of deductions is similar to that of the capital, t2, where the cost of safekeeping is lower than that of the capital. Since the main diversion in the early days of the future airport is the timing of the capital, t2 is used as the basis for the comparison of the rate of withholdings at the airport. According to the calculations, the combined rate of deductions for the two bars of the airport is about 47% (not taking into account the share of fine items), which is slightly lower than the current rate of t247.5% in the capital.
In terms of geographical location and urban functions, Beijing is the region best suited to the development of a large international aviation hub: (1) of the three main hubs, Beijing is the shortest route from Europe and North America, and the rate of deviation is low: (2) the capital has a political and economic centre function, and the guest base is excellent.
However, past constraints, limited availability of time and airspace, insurmountable bottlenecks in available transit hardware and processes, limited international airport capacity in capital cities, and the availability of resources to effectively safeguard domestic and international transit passenger demand have led to a fatigue in the growth of flights and passenger flows over the last three years.
The significance of the opening of Da Heng Airport is that the future space for the growth of international routes in the Kyoto region will be released: with the gradual transfer of the East and South to the Greater South, both futures will add significant additional time and transit hardware resources, provide space for the Department of Air Affairs to increase international line capacity and develop international transit passengers, and it is expected that some of the future hot and long routes, such as North America-Indian subcontinent, North America-South Asia, will be new to Beijing.
Of course, in the short term, a major opening would have a certain diversion from the capital’s airport, but quantitative analysis would have limited impact. Currently, the number of international flights from the East, South and the rest of the Transit Division is only 10% at the capital’s airport, as measured by the Civil Aviation Authority’s trans-shipment program, if not taken into account.
The Division opted for a one-time transfer, with the proportion of international passengers in the next four flight-by-flight seasons from the 19/20 winter spring season being 1%/5%/2%, respectively, which could be largely offset by the natural acceleration of current international traffic on the capital’s airport. In the medium and long term, the bottlenecks in the Beijing regional air flow will be opened.
Of the 154 million cases of throughput in 2025, cagr - 6.2 per cent, the Civil Aviation Authority projected a significant increase in demand in the number of digits between 2019 and 2021 (mainly increased flights at Da Hing Airport). Meanwhile, from the beginning of the winter spring season of 2021/22, the international airport in the capital city of Beijing could start new flights, which meant that the biggest factor limiting the flow of passengers to the capital airport would be removed.
In addition, in order to encourage the Division to move as quickly as possible, the Civil Aviation Authority has launched a programme entitled “Twipe with merit to boost the flow,” which, in the light of current tracking, shows that the South and East have expressed a desire to win a moment-by-time reward. If the East and South voyages are eventually completed in the summer and autumn of 2020, the two Divisions will receive a one-time 40-per-cent increase, which will result in a significant increase in the number of flights at Daesing Airport.
Profit measurement: Short-term profitability is under pressure, and medium- and long-term space is huge. Since the Civil Aviation Authority has not yet given further guidance on the allocation of resources at the moment, we are now considering the size of the future tax-exempt income of Dae-Hing International Airport in the light of two scenarios and partial assumptions, and it is expected that the airport will be profitable as soon as possible in 2020-2021. Further, according to the Civil Aviation Authority, the airport is scheduled for 2025.
The target is to achieve 72 million passengers throughput, with a more forward planning target of 100 million, based on a simple doubling of the currently measured 2022 passenger flow and the remaining variables remaining unchanged, with net profits exceeding $260 million. The following assumptions are made: (1) International transit passenger flows that may occur in 19 are not taken into account;
(2) Taking into account the guidance of the Civil Aviation Authority, the amount of passenger throughput at the Magnificent Airport was 28.6 million/47.8 million/72 million in 2020-2022, respectively (3) taking into account the location of the international hub at the Magnificent International Airport and the Civil Aviation Authority ' s transfer plan, we expect a total of approximately 40 million other operating costs and rents for the International Brigade 2020-2022 (5) in 19;
On the whole, we believe that the future commercial potential of the airport is enormous and of great strategic importance for the medium and long term. On the one hand, as previously analysed, the number of flights at the airport will grow rapidly in 2020, the size of the passenger flow will be significant in the medium and long term, and the winning bid is expected to avoid the construction of another airport in the capital. On the other hand, the airport will also provide more time for the airport in the capital to break through the airport.
Hostage growth bottlenecks due to limited supply at the moment, thereby contributing to the increase in passenger arrivals at the T2/t3 duty-free shop in the capital city, which in turn will benefit tax-free operations at the forward capital airport.4 Internationalization strategies + duty-free new retail layouts will provide dynamic energy for companies to grow over the long term
In 2018, we saw an exemption from duty-free shop arrangements for tourist hotspots in Hong Kong and Macao. The company’s business plans for 2018 were also revealed, and no active attention will be paid to tax-free operations at key national airports along the “one-way” route, as well as to the expansion of duty-free shops in South-East Asian cities.
We believe that, with the gradual completion of the integration of the domestic market and the opening of the municipal tax-free channels, the emergence of an advantage of scale will accelerate the internationalization of tax-exempt operations and the further realization of the objective of returning overseas consumption through the deployment of tourist destinations outside the country of popular origin, and the integration of off-line retail and on-line electricity suppliers, which will further improve passenger shopping conversion rates.
As we imagine: 51% of the world's passengers decide whether to shop at the airport before they arrive, while 65% have a shopping plan before entering a tax-free shop. So if tax-free operators can take control of this link, it will be very helpful to further increase the rate of passenger transformation and per capita consumption. In our case, the purchase schedule is higher than the global level: 83% of passengers.
And with the advent of value-added software, more Chinese passengers are planning their own free shopping trips. According to our research, since 2017, there has been a rapid increase in the number of well-known users of the tax-free app, Jessica's Secret, whose main function is to provide free shopping for passengers.
In addition, “Jessica's Secrets” provides a proxy service to some duty-free operators in Chinese, such as the company's proxy service to the Royal Chinese City of Thailand, which brings 60 per cent of Chinese customers and sales through all channels; and the free-trade passenger ratio for Taiwan's Chang Chang line is also over 40 per cent.
Figure 48: The results of Jessica's covert operation - kingpower Chinese network - Figure 49: The results of Jessica's covert operation - Taiwan's Changchang
Thailand's kingpoweronline Jessica carries more than 60% of sales and consumers in all channels.
At present, China is accelerating its online duty-free booking operations to build its new tourism retailing environment, which is integrated under its own lineline, and to improve the overall efficiency of its business operations and client experience. Cdf, on line in 2018, started a pre-purchase service for the White Cloud Airport t2 duty-free shop at the end of April of this year, based on the opening of the Xiaoshan airport, which is expected to end in May.
The Dutizero shop at Hong Kong Airport is also the first airport to open a pre-purchase airport across Asia. We believe that online pre-purchases can free consumers from space and time constraints, greatly enhance their tax-free shopping experience (reduced queues), raise the cost of repurchases for customers, increase the cost of repurchases for passengers, and reduce the cost of running a shop.
It would help, in the context of the gradual liberalization of customs policy, to become an important instrument for improving the efficiency of the operation of duty-free shops. (iii) Changing patterns of competition: from monopolistic to pre-existing advantages; and (i) difficulties for domestic duty-free operators to expand to foreign operators
In general, we believe that the competition pattern in China’s tax-exempt industry will be limited to domestic firms at most for a longer time in the future, and that it is premature to relax the conditions for tax-exempt operators to foreign investment. This conclusion is based on the fact that (1) the policy dividends of taxes are not easily available.
Central taxes on imports, such as chain value added tax (VAT) and consumer tax (CAT), are essentially a concession from the central treasury to the country’s residents. In particular, tax-free industries are a micro-tool for the country’s macro-regulation.
In the Asia-Pacific region, only Okinawa-based exemptions are currently operated by foreign operators, dfs, and Jeju and Taiwan-based exemptions are operated by domestic operators. The difference is that Japan’s exit duty is tax-free only from import duties, and Japan’s tariff rates are tax-free from China and China.
(ii) Changes in exit shop policy are possible, but their impact is manageable.
- The possible impact of the easing of the exit shop policy on the realization of the right to tax exemption, in accordance with the relevant provisions on the further strengthening of the centralized management of tax-exempt operations issued by the Ministry of Finance in 2000, provides for the establishment of tax-exempt branches, duty-free shops and diplomatic-exempt shops at exit points, upon application by China ' s General Corporation for Tax-exempt Goods (Governance Group),
The Ministry, together with the General Customs Administration, the National Tax Administration, and the National Tourism Authority, has strict control over the approval, and customs and local governments do not have the right to review the approval. But, with the marketing of the bidding policy for duty-free entry stores in 2016, the marketization of future exit duty-free shops will also become apparent, and the competition patterns of total monopoly on exit duty-free shops will be transformed into limited competition, with the original fixed rent model likely to be leased to a warranty.
In spite of the marginal changes in the pattern of competition, we believe that the impact on neutrality is more manageable: (1) pre-emptive, size-based advantages have been developed, and free-of-competition advantages are clearly ahead of colleagues. At present, the exemption has been granted for 4-8 years in the country’s core airports, and short-term policies do not affect the core airports even if they are liberalized.
From the results of the recent rounds of open bidding, the competitive advantage of the waivers is clear: 12 entry duty-free shops were invited to bid, out of which 7 were successful; in the bidding for the airport this year, the bid was awarded on the basis of lower financial bids. (2) Non-junction airports, with limited bargaining power for duty-free operators.
The development of the civil aviation market and thus the development of the local economy. In this sense, the opening of international routes is even more crucial. We therefore believe that, for non-juncture airports, there is a greater tendency to introduce more powerful duty-free operators to help them enrich the airport industry, thereby attracting more high-quality international passengers.
The hub airport relationship is reversed, i.e. small and medium-sized airports tend to work with more powerful tax-free operators when bidding in order to share the non-air revenue of the local airport rather than simply focus on the base rent. (3) The main effect of liberalization of the bidding policy is the tendency to increase the rate of the airport ' s seizures, but gradually diversify the channels.
In 2017, after the exclusion of Beijing and Sanya, the share of income was about 34%, and the net return was about 34%, combined with the preceding analysis. We believe that China’s tax-exempt industry is still at a high rate of growth.
To date, the tax-free industry is an important micro-regulation tool, and further liberalization of policies is expected; (2) we also find that China has only 10-23 per cent tax-free shopping penetration in its territory, well below 70-80 per cent tax-free shopping penetration in its territory, while South Korea accounts for more than 75 per cent of South Korea's tax-free consumption, and that there is still much room for a return of tax-free consumption.
(3) Moreover, we have seen the ambition of state-owned tax-free operators, whether at the strategic level they set targets to be among the world's leading tax-free operators, or at the executive level they are constantly improving their own efficiency and customer shopping experience from a variety of points of view, such as tax-free bidding, door-to-door operations, technological empowerment, etc.
So, driven by these factors, we expect that from 2019-2022, the size of China’s tax-exempt industry will further grow from the existing 39.5 billion yuan to 88.5 billion yuan, with a compound growth rate of up to 22%. As industry leaders, the Central Free Group is now in control of the country’s core tax-exempt channels, and will continue to be the main beneficiaries of China’s high future tax-exempt growth.
Our profit projections include the expectation of a 51 per cent exemption from the sea in 2020 and the liberalization of tax-exempt policies within the city, and we continue to maintain a “recommended” rating, given that q1's investment earnings from the transfer country's general services are projected to be close to 40 per cent of the company's performance in 2020, and that the current valuation is still more attractive, adding to recent high expectations of tax-exempt policies in the city.
Hong Kong and Australasia are not included in the forecasts.
After Dr. Ihwan, Research Assistant in Social Services and Transport of Civil Securities, and Master of Finance, University of Honji, have been engaged in social service research in the Seaton Securities, and airline companies in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.