Rating
Date
Company
Hikvision
Buy
Forecast Change
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange Ticker
Technology
002415.SZ
002415 CH
SHZ
Hardware & Equipment
Potential re-rating from margin
James Chiu
improvement and ROE expansion
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
from CNY34.5, as we raise our earnings forecast and lift the target multiple to
Key changes
30x from 25x, driven by our expectation of accelerated earnings growth due to
margin expansion.
Better-than-expected margin expansion and outlook
We have been highlighting Hikvision's margin expansion through a rising
solution business and management efforts. 3Q17 GPM of 46% is a high since
2015, above DB/consensus expectations of 42%. As Hikvision continues to
pursue solution business opportunities in overseas markets and its domestic
margin expansion into 2018/2019 at 44%.
Price/price relative
Al strategy focuses on edge cloud computing
Hikvision recently announced its "Al cloud" framework at the 16th public
safety expo in Shenzhen. Its strategy focuses on edge cloud for video
surveillance applications, which allows faster responses and the filtering of
unnecessary data from video/images captured by millions of cameras
constantly. In addition to domestic transportation and security projects,
Hikvision has won a smart city project in Singapore of over USD10mn. The
increasing adoption of AI presents upside risks to revenue and margins.
Positive progress in the innovation business
In addition to AI, the innovation business is a growth catalyst at Hikvision. The
largest contributor is Ezviz, whose subscribers exceed 20mn. In addition to a
consumer client base, it has business clients, such as retail chain and property
management companies, which utilize the Ezviz cloud to track client traffic and
monitor premises. Its robot business has landed orders for three types of
robots for JD.com's automated warehouse in Shanghai. We expect the
innovation business to grow 142%/83% in 2017/2018.
Valuation and risks
Hikvision's share price has appreciated over 150%+ YTD (vs. Shenzhen
Composite index: 2%). We expect it to continue re-rating, given accelerated
profit growth from AI exposure, rising innovation contributions, and margin
improvement. Our new target price of CNY43 is based on 30x FY2018E PE,
which lies toward the top end of the company's historical trading range, and
would be supported by an accelerated 34% profit CAGR in 2017-2019E,
compared to a 26% profit CAGR in 2014-2016. Risks: market share loss, weak
demand in industry project orders (see page 8-10, for details).
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the obDistributed on: 01/11/2017 08:21:37 GMT
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN
THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND
REGULATIONS OF PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Hikvision
Reuters: 002415.SZ
Bloomberg: 002415 CH
Buy
Company Profile
Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Co., Ltd develops,
manufactures and sells video surveillance products. The
company manufactures video and audio compression
cards, network hard disk video recorders, video servers,
cameras, network storage, and other digital products.
Price Performance
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
James Chiu
Earnings comparison
3Q17 results beat our forecast in margin expansion
Hikvision's 3Q17 revenue is in line with our forecast with 31% YoY growth,
due to continual market share gains. More importantly, it delivered a strong
GPM of 46.3% (vs DBe's 42.6%) in the quarter, a significant improvement from
43% in 2Q17 and a record high since 2015. Management attributes the margin
improvement to management efforts and the growth of the higher-margin
solution business. With an opex ratio decline due to scale, 3Q17 operating
profit was 14% ahead of DBe at CNY2.8bn, +55% QoQ and +32%YoY. Lower
non-op income was offset by tax return with high-tech software qualification.
3Q17 profit was 6% of DBe at CNY2.9bn, up 58% QoQ and 28% YoY, arriving
at EPS of CNY0.31.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data, Bloomberg Finance LP
Business update
New progress in industrial robots
JD.com completed its first unmanned factory recently, where the robots for
sorting, transporting and loading, and industrial version solutions are provided
by Hikrobotics Technology, a subsidiary of Hikvision. At the sorting stage,
Hikvision installed cameras on the robot's arms to identify the bar code, size
and shape of each package, enabling the robot's arms to grab the packages
more precisely. The packages are then passed onto sorting robots and
delivered to different warehouse areas via address categorization. Hikvision
provides the whole recognition system for these robots. Hikvison Group
supplies the total solution, including the robot's body, brain and eyes.
Except for the e-commerce logistics area, Hikvision's warehousing robots
results analyst meeting, management indicated that lots of competitors are
targeting the potentially enormous industrial robot market due to its low entry
barriers. However, management is confident of its competitive advantage in
high-end robots, given the company's customization ability and its core skills
in image recognition technology.
Hikrobotics is part of Hikvision's innovation business. Despite limited revenue
contribution, it provides business opportunities that will come if JD.com builds
more automated warehouses, upgrades existing facilities or if other e-
commerce companies follow suit. We believe industrial robots are a catalyst
for Hikvision's long-term growth, given the automation trend and government
campaigns such as "Made in China 2025".
Source: Company
Rising contribution of solutions and projects to overseas
business
Hikvision has been expanding its overseas business, given its lower market
share outside of China. In 1H17, the overseas revenue contribution reached
30%, with 38% YoY growth, due to share gains. The overseas business is able
to generate a higher GPM (48%/50% in 2016/1H17) due to milder competition.
Moreover, management targets to increase the contribution of projects and
solutions to its overseas business as they generate better margins and are
closer to end-demand. We believe management has devoted additional
resources and set up more offices to target the solution/project business. Its
contribution to overseas business increased to 30% in 1H17 from under 20% in
2016. Management noted a recent order win for a smart city project in
Singapore of over USD10mn, one of the largest AI smart city projects in South-
east Asia.
Given lower market share and management efforts to expand the overseas
market, we expect the growth of the overseas business to outpace domestic
growth with rising contributions in the coming years. The rising contribution of
the overseas business with its rising project/solution exposure will be margin
accretive to Hikvision's overall margin profile.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
CNY10bn investment plan paves the way for future growth
In September, Hikvision's board of directors decided to invest CNY10bn capex
to build four R&D centers and two industrial bases in five cities in the next four
years. The four R&D centers will cost CNY6.5bn and be deployed in the cities
of Xi'an, Wuhan, Chengdu and Hangzhou. Combined with the Hangzhou R&D
center, their R&D network will cover mid-western provinces in China and
utilize local science and education talents to strengthen the R&D team. The
two production bases will cost CNY4bn and be deployed in Chongqing and
Wuhan. The completion of the production bases will help Hikvision leverage
local labor resources and increase capacity.
We expect these R&D centers to strengthen Hikvision's core competence in
video surveillance (smart city etc.) and develop innovation businesses (such as
cloud, industry automation and automotive applications) with new
applications, while the new production bases will increase capacity and
vertical integration capability as the company grows in size. For the long-term
outlook, we believe the investment plan is in sync with management's strategy
to secure its leadership in the video surveillance sector while diversifying into
new growth segments.
Share reduction by major shareholder
Major shareholder Hong-Jia Gong sold 107m shares for CNY3.1bn via a block
trade on 27 September. Those shares accounted for 7.2% and 1.2% of his total
holdings (16.2%) and outstanding shares, respectively. After the transaction,
Mr Gong remains the second largest shareholder with 1.39bn shares,
accounting for 15.01% of the total stock.
Mr. Gong has started to offload his stock via block trades since 2013, when his
stake was then 20%. Hikvision indicates that his share reduction plan is for
personal cash demand purposes and is not related to the company's
business outlook.
Valuation and investment
risks
Maintaining a Buy rating with a 12-month target price of
CNY43
We use a P/E methodology to value Hikvision, as we expect the company to
continue to generate earnings growth from its core video surveillance products
with improving margins stemming from the rising solution business. Our target
price of CNY43 is based on a 30x target P/E multiple for 2018E EPS, the
average of the top two bands from the forward P/E band chart. We believe the
company can reach this level, given accelerated earning growth with industry
leadership, Al exposure, and a surge in the innovation business and margin
improvement. We expect earnings growth to accelerate at a 34% profit CAGR
in 2017-2019, up from a 26% profit CAGR in 2014-2016, while ROE expands
from 34% in 2016 to 37% in 2018/2019E.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
From the peer comparison table, we note that Hikvision is trading at a higher
PE/PB multiple over its peers and we attribute the premium to its industry
leadership and substantially higher ROE of > 30%, compared to the sector
average of 20%/23%. In addition, we expect its earnings growth to accelerate
into 2018 with continual share gains, Al exposure and margin improvement.
We expect it to sustain the valuation premium on the basis of a higher-than-
sector average growth outlook and ROE delivery.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP; Price data as on 31 October, 2017.
Risks
Market share loss to video surveillance peers would adversely affect
sales and EPS estimates.
Weaker orders from system integrators, value-added retailers,
governments, and corporate clients would lead to lower shipments
and earnings than we expect.
Higher component costs or labor cost hikes in China.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. James Chiu
Historical recommendations and target price: Hikvision (002415.SZ)
(as of 10/31/2017)
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield ) , we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on.
Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term
conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a
time frame of no less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to
time discuss with our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently
becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company
specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion
of the coverage analyst concerned or of the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are
published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are
inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not
be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of
financial instruments are subject to change without notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of
price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session,
and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank,
subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
available
website
under
Disclaimer
found
our
research
our
the
Legal
tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are
denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to
the
risks
related
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own
circumstances including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and
liabilities, and as such, investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar
to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can
be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be
incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable
for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
website please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
from
inform
directly
ask
that
immediately.
us,
you
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
1998/003298/10).
South
Africa:
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters
arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who
is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
clients
securities/instruments.
Branch
not
execute
transactions
for
these
may
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
Tower
17th
Faisaliah
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer
Australian
specific
research
disclosures
information
and
related
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Head of Research - Germany
Global Head of Quantitative
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom