Weir shares are the backbone of the domestic image sensor chip. Since 2013, Weir shares have been surrounded by a number of extensions, acquisitions and internalizations around the direction of its business.
In addition to Howie, Weir’s shares have acquired high-quality assets for nearly two years, such as Spico, synaptics, and have built up image sensor solutions, contact and display solutions, and simulation solutions.
The system of semiconductor designs, developed in conjunction with the three major business systems, is under pressure from companies as a result of a combination of the spread of the global epidemic, the geopolitical situation, weak consumer electronic demand and inflation.
The consumer electronics sector is in the process of de-stocking. The previous three quarters spent $1.767 billion on R & D, an increase of 16.33 per cent over the previous three quarters, with R & D costs of 11.49 per cent, high R & D inputs shaping the technology moat, and a long-term growth strategy for companies to expand product lines and upgrade technology through intensive R & D.
Cycnos image sensor: (1) Automobile area: rapid growth of car-car-cis demand benefits from the spread of intelligent driving in cars, which is the basis for adas, cabin control, unmanned etc.
The market is one of the fastest growing segments of the global market for medical devices.
Security and economic advantages are greater, as the shift to endoscopics has become one of the major trends in the industry, and the overall size of the one-time medical endoscopy industry is expected to increase significantly. (3) Mobile phone collar: smartphones are the largest application of cos image sensors, and cellular penetration rates are high.
Xiaoming City's Qingming City's Qingming City Quantico 2 West Road is rich, uplifting + pixel upgrades + sensor space is gradually increasing the volume of mobile phones and knos. (4) In the area of security: according to the Frost&Sullivan report, Howie was sold in the area of security in 2020.
In Beijing, there is about 33% of the number 1 caliber of the 2nd Phoenix Pilgrim Street in Fungtai District. The shares of Heiconway and Da Hwa are important customers of Weir, and in 2020 they accounted for 49% of the market in the Global Terminal Security System market.
In view of market trends, the global market for security surveillance and cos image sensors is showing positive growth and is expected to grow steadily in the future. Other design operations: (1) tddi: 1.963 billion yuan in 2021 tddi products.
The same-year-old growth rate of 164%, with company-developed tddi chips covering both internal and external mainstream Andre smart machines, and market share increasing rapidly. The company introduced a new research and development team to complete the product line of the oled ddic, which started in 2022, and the overall revenue is expected to continue to grow. (2) lcos:
Inch lcos crystal-class LCD wrapping line with industry-trusted lcos chip production efficiency and product efficiency. (3) Around the car market, Weir shares have continuously increased their R & D investment in mcu, lvds, lcos, power sources, moss, etc., and will continue to do so in the future.
It is expected that the company’s share in the automobile sector will continue to rise in the future by providing a package of vehicle-class solutions, side by side with car-carcós.
For the first time, we overwrite the company’s “buy-in” rating. The goodwill risk of impairment; downstream demand less than expected; new company products and projects are not moving forward.
- Domestic image sensor chip taps 1. Inner + extension overcrowds and product lines are expanding.
The Shanghai Weir Semiconductor Company, Inc. (the “Wear joint”) was established in 2007 and was initially engaged in semiconductor product design operations and semiconductor product distribution operations, with a relatively large share of distribution operations, accounting for 69.91 per cent and 79.01 per cent of semiconductor distribution operations in 2017 and 2018, respectively.
In 2014, Weir acquired Tae Hoon-heung from Beijing and expanded its operations to the soc chip area. In 2015, it acquired Tin-No-Spin Pwe and expanded to the radio-frequency chip area. In 2016, Shanghai Rock, Shanghai Sakazu and Weizumi were set up to further expand the product lines.
In April 2020, the Howie Group acquired a single chip-based LCD and display-driven merger from synapticsinforated.
A cumulative share of 24.478 million shares, or 5 per cent of total equity, was held to open up the electronics lines of automobiles; the subsequent Soshing Weihouse plan, which was accompanied by the successful completion of the integration of corporate acquisitions, enabled the expansion of the company's product lines and research and development capabilities to build a semiconductor design business system for image sensor resolution, contact and display solutions and simulation solutions, developed in tandem with the three operational systems.
As a globally known chip designer that provides advanced digital imaging solutions, the products have been widely used in the areas of consumer electricity, security, automobiles, medical treatment, and ar/vr. Distribution and design operate side by side and develop in synergy.
The company has an experienced fae team, adapted to the industrial geography of the semiconductor industry in the country, and a number of subsidiaries within and outside the company distribution system have been established to build complete business modules such as procurement, distribution networks, technical support, after-sales and logistics services.
The distribution of company semiconductor products is based on a buy-out model, divided into internal and offshore procurements: 1 internal procurement is mainly conducted by Beijing Kyeong-shik and other subsidiaries: 2 offshore procurement is mainly conducted by Hong Kong Hwa Qing and others 2. Howe-Tech: the third largest supplier in the field ofcis, with significant synergies with Weir shares
Beijing Howie is one of the largest companies in the cios sensor (cis) field, first in the high-end image sensor chip market for many years, with silicon-based liquid crystal projectors (lcos),
In 2016, Howay Technology was privatized by the Chinese consortium, made up of Sino-China capital, Qing Xiaohua, and gold-stone investments, and became a fully-owned subsidiary of Hao Wai, Beijing. In April 2018, Weir’s shares relaunched the acquisition of Howeko technology, and in May 2019 passed an audit by the CSRC.
Howie has built on research and development over the past 25 years, and has been the first in many industries. In 1999, Howie launched the first asic and 2 million pixel cell phone chip, in 2006 launched the world ' s smallest nstcicis chip, in 2007 launched the first car hdr-soc sensor, in 2009 launched the omnibsi architecture, and in 2013 launched the first anti-cis chip.
The first is a cis chip based on lcos technology and advanced pixel arrays of purecel, the seedlings of night eagle technology — the rgb-ir programme — were released in 2015 and the first nyxel technology was launched in 2017; and the second generation of night eagle technology nyxel52 was released in 2020, with the first cis chip ov64b of 0.7 μm pixel size in the industry.
Figure 1: Howe Group technological milestones Change in Howe technology market share: Howe rises at the end of the last century, when he broke the Japanese monopoly on the ccd image sensor, pushed Chos to develop in the electronic consumer market, and howell took advantage of the pre-emptive advantage.
A large number of markets, with 28% of the world’s output in 2009, iphone 3gs and iphone 4 types of aircraft, have chosen Howie cos. In 2011, however, Sony, who had completed the technology adjustment, began to catch up with the iphone 4s’ orders, making it easy to overturn the car, reshaping the market pattern, and making Sony the world’s largest market producer.
The main reasons are: (1) Apple's supplier management strategy. Apples, as masters of supply chain management, do not want to rely too much on individual parts suppliers for security reasons, choosing Sony's luxury in the cos field. (2) the cos technology problem.
And Sony and Samsung of the Idm model can adapt production to orders and build plants to build up capacity in the future, so that production can take advantage of the market. The Fables model, which used to let Howie lose apple orders and then lose his share of the high-end market, can now help Howell to go to more applications, such as the auto industry and the medical industry. Howie's.
Howell shares have significant synergies with Howie technology, with both market and net profits rising after mergers and acquisitions. Howell shares have the advantage of distribution channels to help Will's shares and can quickly access more comprehensive market information, understand market demands, and concentrate on the need for them.
The understanding of the customer design programme and the technological development of chip products can be enhanced by the strong marketing capacity of Weir shares and distribution channels. According to market analysis agencies, the top three producers are expected to receive 77% of the market share in 2022, followed by Samsung (24.9%) and Howie (24.9%) from a supplier perspective.
In 2019, the company achieved a total operating income of 13,632 million yuan, an increase of 243,93 per cent over its gross operating income in 2018 and a 40,51 per cent increase in total business income after retroactive adjustments in 2018. After that, the company’s revenue growth continued to be high, and the business of Cis became a new engine for the company’s rapid growth.
Were shares and presents howell technology as one of China’s top chip producers, and one of the world’s three largest. It also brings China’s leading clients, such as Mi, Vivo, Oppo, Benz, Odyssey, and Heikangway.
In the first quarter of 2022, Trendforce released the top 10 top-notch design companies worldwide ranking, with the national semiconductor leader Will first entering the top ten, ranking ninth. 3. Equity structure stable, buybacks and employee ownership demonstrating long-term development confidence
Equity structures are stable and relatively centralized. As of 2022h1, the company’s first shareholder, the chairman, Mr. Yinyong Yu, held 30.28 per cent of the shares, the company’s second largest shareholder, a partnership (limited partnership) with the Weihouse Investment Fund in Shaochen City, 9.22 per cent, and the second largest shareholder, a co-actor of the chairman, Mr. Yin Yu, with 39.50 per cent of the former two shareholders.
Figure 4: A map of the stockholding structure of Weir
There are no more than 100 persons, including directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors and senior managers. The ceiling is 5.3412 million shares in 2022, up to a maximum of 0.45% of the total stock holdings available in the company.
4. Performance pressure, high R & D investment to support long-term development, compounded by the spread of the global epidemic, the geopolitical situation, weak consumer electronic demand and inflation
In the third quarter of 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of $15,383 million, a decrease of 16.01 per cent from the same period the previous year. The net profit of the mother - $120 million, a decrease in the year-by-year ratio, was mainly due to weaker demand from downstream cellular customers, the consumer electronics industry was in the company semiconductor design business, the image sensor solution business was on the same scale as in the previous year.
The image sensor solution achieved operating income of $7,298 million, accounting for business income from the company ' s design R & D business in the first half of 2022 billions of yuan, representing 13.04 per cent of business income from the company ' s design R & D business in the first half of 2022, an increase from the same period the previous year.
The share of corporate motor electronics sales increased from 14% in 2021 to 22%. The demand for micro-diagnostic and therapeutic processes boosted endoscope imaging.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate was 32.64 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared to 11.49 per cent reported, and high R&D inputs were found to protect the city. The impact of the appreciation was felt; (2) some of the projects were not progressing as expected.
In the last three quarters, 493 million yuan was set for stock falls, of which 3 cmos image sensors: autopilot upgrades bring new opportunities, and medical markets are ready to roll out.
The coms image sensor (cis) functions as a telecom and, by reading the circuit, as a digitized signal, is widely used in the visual field as the core element of the camera module. The coms image sensor accounts for the highest percentage of the camera cost, with the Cis chip accounting for about 40-50% of the total module cost, while the other components include optical cameras, sound loop motors, filtering.
From 2016 to 2020, thanks to the widespread use of multiple cameras, the continuous penetration of security surveillance, rapid growth of smart vehicle cameras and machine vision, the overall output and sales of cmos image sensors increased. According to frast&sullivan, the global output of cos image sensors increased from 4.14 billion tons between 2016 and 2020.
The annual rate of 17.91 billion dollars is 17.5 per cent. According to icinsights, there are hundreds of millions of smartphones sold. Although nearly two thirds of cmos image sensors are currently used on mobile phones, this share is expected to fall to around 45 per cent by 2026, while cmos image sensors still have wide growth space due to their extensive downstream applications.
Support systems, autopilot, industry, medical care, smart safety networks, vr/ar will be slow to drive the cos image sensor, and the Chinese market for the cos image sensor industry will grow as the application of the cos image sensor continues to expand. The market size of the market was 84.86 billion yuan in 2021, 13.5% annual compound growth from 2017 to 2021, and is projected to be 2026.
Mobile phones are the largest application market for cnos image sensors, with rapid growth in the area of automobiles and an imminent outbreak in the field of medicine. In 2020, the main applications for cnos image sensors were mobile phones, automobiles, security, and industry. In the area of mobile phone applications, sales declined significantly, security and industry did not change, and in the area of automobiles, sales rose significantly.
Companies have deep layouts in areas such as security, vehicle, engineering, medical, vr/ar, and customize and vary the performance requirements and technical requirements of cmos image sensors according to different applications.
Automobiles: Benefiting from intelligent driving, car image sensors enter the development of fast lanes 1.1adas+ unmanned driving increased demand for car cameras. We believe that the replacement process for conventional fuel trucks by new energy vehicles is similar to that for smartphones and functional machines.
After a breakthrough of 20% in 2008, smartphone penetration reached an accelerated penetration phase, reaching 85% in 2014. According to data from China’s Automobile Industry Association, in the first half of 2022, we sold 2.6 million new energy vehicles, with a market penetration rate of 21.6%, and achieved the target of 2025 ahead of schedule. As of June this year, the new energy automobile industry has surpassed the 20% penetration threshold.
The camera is at the heart of the visual perception of cars. Auto-smart driving systems can be divided by function into three core modules: the perception system (environmental perception and positioning), the decision-making system (intelligent planning and decision-making), and the implementation system (control implementation).
The system’s sensory layer, visual perception, plays an important role, and many other sensors (mm wave radar, ultrasound radar, laser radar, etc.) are supportive roles. The core of visual perception is a vehicle-borne camera, which, as autopilot levels increase, will need to increase vehicle-mounted cameras to enhance vehicle access to information.
Car-borne cameras can be divided into forward, rear, ring, inside-sighted cameras depending on the location where they are installed. (1) The front-sighted cameras are usually installed on the upper side of the windshield, usually with a 45-degree perspective, to achieve traffic deviations, early warning, traffic markings, forward collision alerts, accessory drive, pedestrian crash alerts, etc.
It can be divided into single and two-direction types, where two-direction cameras are installed at two different locations with a better range than one-page cameras, while, in terms of cost, one-vision cameras are less expensive than two-page cameras. (2) Back-of-visit cameras, using wide angles or fish glasses, are usually installed at the tail of a vehicle and can achieve parking aids.
(3) The round-the-clock vehicle cams use wide-angle lenses to achieve a 360-degree full-vision camera by installing 4 to 8 cameras around the vehicle, mainly for traffic deviation alerts and panoramic berth aids. (4) The in-board vehicle cams use wide-angle lenses, usually installed in the rear-view mirrors of the vehicle, and weary driving alerts can be achieved.
Figure 23: Distribution of vehicle-borne cameras in autopilot solutions, where cameras are essential. The main advantages of the current camera compared to millimetre-wave radars are: (1) Target recognition and classification: the 3d-mm radar currently only detects obstacles to the front, and none.
e.g. various types of path line identification, red green light identification and traffic sign identification; (2) passable space detection (freespace): a classification of the safe boundaries (feasible areas) in which vehicles travel, mainly vehicles, ordinary road edges, side stone edges, border without barriers, unknown boundary; (3) lateral movement
The detection capability of moving targets, such as pedestrians crossing intersections and vehicle detection and tracking; (4) positioning and map creation: i.e. visual slam technology. In autopilot systems, laser radars are similar to camera perception, but have the following advantages over laser radars:
(1) Red green light identification and traffic marking identification; (2) cost advantages and higher algorithms and technical maturity; (3) object awareness. Rapid growth in car-borne cis demand is facilitated by the spread of intelligent driving in the area of motor vehicles, which is the basis for applications such as adas, cabin monitoring, unmanned driving, etc. According to the forecasts of Rolandberger, by 2025, the country is at level 1-1.
The upper adas system will have a 70% penetration rate. Of these, the speediest increase in penetration will be 35%, with one camera (one front, one back, four circles), accompanied by an increase in autopilot, the number of car-mounted cameras will increase steadily. Currently, the demand for cameras in the 122+ and 193 auto-drive vehicles has reached about 10 cameras/cars, such as Teslamodel.
The average number of car cars carrying the cos image sensors will increase significantly if complete autopilot is to be achieved.
The analysis shows that the number of automatic-pilot sensors can reach 29 at level I4 and 32 at level I5. The global car-car-car-car-cis market in 2021 was about $3.81 billion, an increase of 56.8 per cent over the same period, and is expected to reach $9.07 billion in 2026.
The size of China ' s vehicle-borne camera market has grown rapidly in recent years, from 2 billion yuan in 2016 to 6.4 billion yuan in 2020, and the annual capr is about 35.03 per cent. Figure 28: Size of China ' s vehicle-borne camera market, 2016-2025 (billion yuan)
There are fewer market participants in the car-car-cis market, and the competitive pattern is one that is monopolized by a few players. Howell's city is the second largest company in the world. Androme is the leading company in the car-car-cis industry, with 60% of the market, Howell's technology ranked second in the car-car-cis market, and its share rose by 9% between 2018 and 2019, and there is a catch-up trend in the future.
There are three reasons for this increase: (1) a priori advantage. Howie entered the car-car-car-cis market in 2004, with a deep historical build-up, a full product and a cover of 300,000-8.3 million pixels under the banner of car-cis, to meet the market’s current demand. (2) technological advantages. Howie’s accumulation in high pixels, led scintillation suppression technology, global exposure technology, nyxel near infrared and ultra-low light technology.
This gives them a clear competitive advantage in areas such as high-end, dynamic image sensors for the automobile market, ultra-low-power solution for the monitor market, near-infrared and low-light sensors for the monitor market, global speed-door sensors for emerging markets such as ar/vr, etc. (3) customer advantage. Howell has accumulated a wealth of customer resources in the automotive sector, and car factory customers.
For example, ox08b40 has been used for the production of cars in the country’s top mainframe plants and is adapted to major domestic and international platforms. ov1065x and ov1064x are the industry mainstream 1.3m and 1.7m programmes, with ideal one using four Howe ov10640 image sensors.
Figure 29: The competitive pattern of the car-borne cis market 17 years in the field of deep-farmed cars, with the Howe Group offering a full set of solutions for the positioning of adas with different features and models, covering a product mix of 1.3m/1.7m/2m/3m/8m, which is the only country that can produce a quantity of product through asil and aec-q100 pairs
1.2 Howell has a number of technology patents and a strong competitive advantage. Car-borne cameras are higher than industrial cameras and commercial cameras in terms of manufacturing processes and reliability requirements. According to the Vehicle Camera Industry Standards, which were introduced in 2019, vehicle-mounted cameras are required to work continuously in an environment ranging from -40°C to 85°C.
In addition, for safety reasons, vehicle cameras are required to remain operational in the event of short-term power cuts. Camera chips have high technical barriers, while car cis products impose more complex requirements on technology.
The detection distance must be increased, the led scintillation inhibition capability must ensure proper identification of street lights and car lights, the hdr function should be designed to accommodate complex light conditions, a strong low-light imaging capability to meet night-time requirements for driving or tunnel environment imaging, a global fast-door technology to prevent the “jellow effect” in high-speed motion...Howe has been leading image sensors in multiple markets since 1995
By the end of 2021, there were more than 4400 patents worldwide, and 17 years of deep farming in carciss, leading the way with innovative technologies.
1) Pixels upgrade: The resolution of car cis varies from 300,000 pixels to 8 million pixels, of which 300,000 pixels are widely used as reverse images in economic vehicles, and are prevalent in grade-l1; 1 million pixels are also widely applied, mainly in supplementary areas such as car recorders, driver surveillance, passenger surveillance, reverse imagery, etc.; higher pixels, 130
The Chis of 10,000, 1.7 million pixels is also more common in economic models, mainly in the ring, front-view and other settings, and the corresponding models are either economic or o-l2/l2+; while 2 million pixels and 8 million pixels are mainly used in level 13 models, but there are currently very few level 3 models, resulting in very few deliveries of this type of car.
Car-borne cameras are moving from the low-resolution age to the high-resolution age, and the next 8 million pixels will be popular. The adas front-view cameras are asking to detect vehicles, pedestrians, and the perceptive content is more sophisticated to allow algorithms to recognize and process. 2 million pixels and the following products are the most remote to detect 120 m, far from being able to accurately identify distant objects at high speed. So the industry is active.
The development and deployment of 8 million pixel vehicle-mounted cameras, with a distance of up to 250 m. Based on the mature design of car regulation products and the advanced technology of high-resolution markets, such as cell phones, security, etc., the Howie Group led the launch of the first device globally in 2019, with a high end of 8 million pixel products, ox08b40, to help vehicles quickly and accurately identify road signs and traffic signals.
Filling the gap in 8 million pixel vehicle-borne cis products in the country. (2) hdr technology: low-light imaging performance, for example, due to the presence of night driving and low-light driving environments such as tunnels, car cis requires not only strong low-light imaging performance, but also response to complex and rapidly changing light rings in real time
Dr refers to the ratio between the most powerful signal and the weakest signal that the image sensor can recognize in the same image. The human eye is usually about 130 db, and the front video camera is the core of the aas/ad.
When moving at high speeds, you quickly identify the dark details of different light conditions and accurately capture the images, otherwise it affects the safety of the vehicle. Typical hdr needs to be able to move out of the tunnel to identify both the bright spots and the dark details, or, in the night view, to identify the dark pedestrians and the bright lights, the light lights, etc.. The desired dynamic range is greater than the eyeddr, reaching 140 dbhdr.
Howie launched the first car hdrsoc image sensor in 2008, leading the 140dbdr product three years ago. For different applications, Howie's vehicle-car product covers 100db to 140db. Both ox08b40, ox03f10, 0x03c10 and other adas products can achieve 140db and have been certified with a large quantity of shipment data and are endorsed by the terminal oem.
Weigroup is the only manufacturer in the country that can produce 140 dbdr-car-loaded products. National competitors entered the 120db scale last year, and no 140db-car-car-car-load product has been developed. 3)lfm engine: because led light is not direct power-driven, it's pulse-driven.
Says that the light source of the led seems to be continuous, but the hdr camera (high dynamic range image, high-high-high-dynamicrange, short-hdr) captures the bright and dark properties of the led and displays a "scink" when watching the video. The hdr frame speed and led drive signals are akin to each other (11 milliseconds per led on/off; and hdr takes 16.6 milligrams per thread in daylight).
So each hdr captures the different brightness that emerges during the led opening/closing week, creating a "scink" for the lid flashing pain point, and the Howie Group launched the lfm product in May 2017 using the splitpixel technology, and is still the only image sensor manufacturer in the country that can measure the lfm function.
ox08b40, ox03f10, ox03c10, etc. have lfm functions. 4) omnibsiTM:omnibsiTM has a back (bsi) function that provides the best sensitivity under the most severe low light conditions. Howie is the first company in the industry to commercialize bsi technology.
5) Breakthrough nyxel near-infrared technology: Automobile cameras need to be able to clearly identify the details of objects or pedestrians in a dark state. Howie's unique nyxel and innovative second-generation nyxel near-infrared imaging technology can significantly increase quantum efficiency, increase sensitivity to near-infrared spectra, reduce sensor energy, improve night vision and capture clearer images.
6) Global fast-door technology: a global fast-door technology that accurately reproduces rapid motion without allowing it to deform. High sensitivity to near-infrared light, efficient driver state monitoring in low-light or non-lighted environments. (7) rgb-ir technology: facial recognition, hand gesture monitoring in conjunction with normal image capture, for use by in-board pilots or crews.
The first commercial Rgb-ircis product in the world was released by Howie. 8) Car chip-grade (a-csp) technology: car chip-grade a-csp containment technology that reduces the size of the camera, enables it to be installed in a narrower space, achieves a small, durable camera module, while saving design space and increasing design energy.
Currently, Howie’s autopilot imaging solution has been applied extensively to high- and medium-end car brands, both domestically and internationally, and has become the label for the medium-end automobile adas system. With the growing maturity and diffusion of auto-drive technology, Howie is expected to achieve a rapid increase in the share of carcós image sensors in the future with strong technological and customer advantage.
Medical eyeglasses are a medical imaging device that provides access, lighting, and observation or operation of body cavity, medium-empty organs, and body pipes.
The human body, which assists doctors in the diagnosis of diseases after their observation, or in the detection of pathologies through the vitro of pathologies; it can also be used to operate or assist in the implantation of therapeutic artificial products. Compared to traditional medicine, small and non-destructive medicine improves the efficiency of treatment and alleviates the suffering of patients. It is a revolutionary development in medical technology and heralds the future direction of medicine.
Medical endoscopic mirrors typically consist of a lensing system that allows access to the human body ' s hoses or hard tubes, captures and transmits images of the tissue organs of the patient, image processing systems that digitalize the images captured, display systems that present digital images to operators or observers, and light-source systems that transmit light to enhance the visibility of the examined area, and in some cases are also covered.
The structure and working principles vary depending on the type of eyeglass used. The imaging principle can be divided into optical and electronic eyeglasses, in which optical eyeglasses are used through applied optical mirrors.
Group and optical design achieves imaging functions, and electromedical endoscopes are created by applying electronic components and combining optical components. By number of times used, medical endoscopes are divided into reusable medical endoscopes and one-time medical endoscopes, in which one-time medical endoscopes are used without maintenance, are relatively low cost, reduce the risk of cross-contamination and are the way forward.
The product structure can be divided into hard-to-use endoscopic and soft-medical endoscopic mirrors, which are examined, diagnosed and treated mainly through the natural cavity tracts of the human body, such as stomach mirrors, intestinal mirrors, throat mirrors, bronchial tube mirrors, which enter primarily into the sterile tissue of the human body, organs, or into the sterile chamber of the human body through surgery, such as the abdominal mirrors, chest mirrors, and so on. In addition, there are ultrasound intrasonic mirrors and capsules.
The global market for medical endoscopy is one of the fastest growing plates in the global market for medical equipment. In 2020, the global market for medical endoscopy was valued at $20.3 billion, and is estimated to increase to $39.6 billion in 2030. China’s market for medical endoscopy will continue to grow at a higher rate than the global market for medical endoscopy.
For the past 10 years, the health risks associated with re-use endoscopy have been classified as the top ten medical hazards. According to fda, hundreds or even thousands of cases of treatment using colonoscopy every year have been treated using intestinal mirrors.
Cases leading to antibiotics infection; fda tests found that, even after proper cleaning, one in 20 devices still contain pathogenic microbes, such as coliforms. And, even in compliance with appropriate safety measures, there is an important risk of damage in the operation of reuse-type endoscopic mirrors and in the process of sterilisation/storage.
Nearly 600 million were fined, and it was reported that more than 190 people were infected with bacteria in the period 2012-2015. So the endoscopic “expulsion” was used to avoid the infection becoming a trend towards the development of the endoscopy.
The risk of cross-infection, and the need to clean, dry, maintain, sterilize and disinfect others. At present, there are problems in my country with the management mechanisms for the imperscription of the endoscopic clean-up and the lack of regulation of the disinfection process, which leads to partial sterilisation. As one-time electronic endoscopy can alleviate the problem of cross-infection, it effectively reduces the post-operative infection rate.
The cost of purchasing a one-time endoscopic mirror is approximately RMB 100,000 (a host plus two reused endoscopic mirrors).
The cost of purchasing repeat-type endoscopic mirrors has reduced the threshold for the use of endoscopic therapy at the level of hospitals and primary hospitals. This has helped to promote the country's system of stratification, with a focus on the grass-roots level, by allocating medical resources and increasing the capacity of the county-level public hospitals to provide comprehensive services.
One-time endoscopes are more expensive than the one-time. In a single operation, the cost of the traditional reused endoscopes (including dissipation, maintenance, etc.) exceeds $12,000, while the cost of the one-time urinary tubes is generally below $10,000. And, in combination with the purchase of the endoscopes, their useful life, their turnover frequency, the difficulty of disinfection, and the cost of maintenance, the one-time endoscopes are in multiple areas.
It is more economical than a combination of endoscopy. The conversion of medical endoscopic mirrors to consumables has become one of the major trends in the industry, with the total size of the one-time medical endoscopic industry expected to be US$ 10.4 billion by 2030, with compound annual growth over the 2022-2030 projection period.
From 2016 to 2020, our one-time endoscopic market rose from 100 million yuan to 400 million yuan, but, although it is still small, its cagr is as high as 42.32%; and in 2021, our one-time endoscopic market was about 600 million won, a 50% increase. According to Frost Sullivan, China’s one-time endoscopic market is expected to grow in a flash from 2022.
Figure 36: Size of the global one-time endoscopic market ($ billion) Figure 37: Size of our one-time endoscopic market, 2016-2025 HoweTech is the top cnos sensor supplier in the global medical market, under the banner of ovm6946, ovm6948,
Multiple one-time endoscopic imaging programs such as oh01a, oh02a have been widely applied in the field of medicine, covering all applications including urinary, gynaecology, gastrointestinal, aerobics, angioplasty to capsules, etc. The city of Howe is well ahead. The miniaturization of the cmos image sensor is key to its application to medical equipment, and the cameracubechip of Howe Technologies
The product is an innovative solution for integrating crystalline round optical devices and cmos image sensors using advanced chip-level containment techniques. The size of the products of the images sensor is 0.9 mm x 0.9 mm and 0.5 mm x 0.5 mm, and the resulting size of cameras is 1 mm x 1 mm and 0.6 mm x 0.6 mm.
The new generation of oh08a and oh08bcmos image sensors were released as industry first-line medical-grade imaging sensors of 8 million pixel resolution for a one-time and replicable use of endoscopes. Of these, the oh08a image sensors used the next generation of purecelplus-s chip stacking technology in Howe-Technology to achieve high performance in as small a chip size as possible.
A slightly larger but more robust product, which uses howell technology and nyxel technology, can provide more mobile phones in colour and infrared imaging than 3.
Rapid growth, now in the stock age, with a small turnaround in global output, is expected to maintain a stable future in the global smartphone market. According to frost&sullvan, global smartphone output was in a state of outbreak from 2012 to 2015, achieving an average annual compound growth rate of 25.6 per cent, followed by a slowdown or even a slight turnaround in market growth and projected global output by 2024.
The market research institute counterpoint predicts that the global market sales will reach $21.9 billion in 2022, of which the mobile market is expected to contribute 71.4 per cent of the total market revenue in 2022, and mobile phone cameras have undergone several technological changes since the first mobile phone with photo capabilities came into existence in 2000.
The release of the first generation of Apple smartphones has received widespread market attention, and since then there has been a leap in mobile phone video capability, with the back camera rising rapidly from 2 million pixels of the first generation of iphones to 8 million pixels of iphone4, and the cos image transfer of sensors from front to back. Meanwhile, users’ demands for smartphone self-recording have become stronger.
As a result, the terminal has invested more in research and development on the front camera, gradually moving towards a medium- and high-level mix of 8 million pixels or more. In 2011, as the double camera programme moved to the market, the combination of multiple cameras on smartphones became a trend for industry leaders, with multiple smartphone manufacturers combining higher levels of camera pixels and higher numbers of cameras.
In 2017, Appleiphonex launched a 3d structure light project camera, marking a new technological development, using two-eyed imaging, structural light, tof, and a mainstream terminal brand.
In addition to trends such as high pixels, multiple cameras, and 3d cameras, smartphone cameras have undergone a variety of technological changes, such as large optical circles, faster automatic focus, optical anti-shivering. On the whole, users’ demand for high quality, diversity, and cós image transmission.
Trends I: Increased penetration of mobile phones. From the inception of single phones in 2000, to the introduction of two cell phones in 2011, to four cell phones after 2019, the number of cameras on single phones has continued to increase, and the number of single cellular cameras is currently available.
To reach six or more, directly contributing to the increase in the demand for cos image sensors. According to the Courtpoint, the global average number of cameras carrying mobile phones has grown steadily in recent years, from two in 2015 to 4.1 in 2021.
Compared to the main basis for consumer purchases, the cost of a high-speculus scheme, such as a five-scene design, a billion-pixels master shot, would eventually be passed to the vendor, and sales performance would not increase, so the 2022 threes would remain mainstream, estimated to account for more than 40 per cent of the total output, while only some models would use fours to make specifications different, while the number of products below double lenses would still be in the mainstream.
Trendforce expects that in 2022, the proportion of handheld cameras (two and more) will reach 90%. We expect that the average number of cameras on a mobile phone will be around four in the future.
The volume of global mobile phone cameras is slowly rising. In 2021, the number of global mobile phone cameras was about 4.82 billion, an increase of 5.77 per cent, and in 2022 it was projected at 4.92 billion, an increase of 2.1 per cent.
The video quality has always been an important consideration for consumers when they buy smart phones, which are currently one of the high-frequency functions used by consumers, and according to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the most important element of mobile phones that consumers focus on is “shooting”, which accounts for 29.2 per cent of the amount of pixels, which is a key factor in determining the quality of imaging.
High-pixel cameras typically assume the role of the head camera in smartphones, increasing the clarity and authenticity of the photo image of the cell phone, leading to the era of pixels. Today, images and short videos dominate online social networking, mobile phones are being updated in shorter cycles and are sinking to lower and medium ends. In 2019, millimeters released cc9pro, its main mirror.
In 2022, Motorolax 30pro was launched with three stars, Hmx sensor pixels amounting to 108 million, which means that cellular lens pixels are officially entering 100 million years old. In 2022, Motorolax 30pro was released with three stars, Hp1200mp pixels, meaning that the 200 million pixel age was officially opened.
The iPhone 14 is still at 12 million pixels, while mobile manufacturers in the country are more inclined to upgrade their cellular pixel configurations, with medium- and high-end pixels distributed in 2022 by mobile phone manufacturers such as Hua, Oppo, Vivo and Mi, with the highest frequency of 50 mp on the master camera configuration.
It is interesting to note that the iPhone 14pro and iPhone14promax main camera pixels in the iPhone 14 series reached 48 million, the iPhone 6s to iPhone 13 full series of 12 million pixels, the first upgrade of pixels in seven years for apple phones this year, and the next 48 mp is expected to gradually replace the 12 mp.
A cellular cos image sensor of more than 48 million pixels (excluding 48 million pixels) as a fast-growing high-level product will become the main battleground for future competition among mainstream suppliers in the market. The volume of shipments is expected to increase from 120 million in 2019 to 2024, trend III: increased area of light, and an increased trend in the cos sensors.
More light information can also respond to complex scenes, with fewer noises and clearer photos. Apples have been using 12 million pixels since 2015 in iphone6s, and the latest series of iphone 14 released in 2022 in the same way.
The sensors continue to grow. Pixels are the smallest unit for recording light information, because light is refractionable in the air, diffirence, etc. The smaller it is, the smaller it is, the greater its size, the greater its recorded light information is susceptible to interference and loss of authenticity, as reflected in the loss of image details, the lack of tolerance and the amount of noise. In the same pixels, the larger the sensor, the larger the size of a single pixel, the larger it receives light signals.
The more powerful they are, the more photons they catch, the better the alms, the better the graphics they get. Galaxys 20ultra has a 1.13 inch cmos image sensor, which is larger than some compact digital mono-reverse camera (usually 1/2.00~1/1.70 inches), and we expect the coms image sensor competition for smartphones to increase.
In the short term, Chinese brands such as Watsu, Mi and Opo will continue to use a larger cynos image sensor. At present, p40proplus is equipped with a 1/1.28 inch sensor. Figure 46: The size of the cmos image sensor is gradually increasing.
In terms of competition patterns, Sony, Samsung, and Howie's share of the market is on the rise. The market for smartphone image sensors in 2021 received $15.1 billion, with Sony accounting for 45% of the income, Samsung accounting for 26%, followed by Howe accounting for 11% of the market.
As the number of cameras increases, the professional division of the different functional cameras will become more apparent, with a single coms image sensor company finding it difficult to take a lead on all functions. As the volume of home-grown mobile phones increases, Andre’s brand is gaining speed, and the gap between Howie and Sony and Samsung is expected to narrow further.
In the month, the 10-to-Him commemorative version of Mi had the first launch of the pride technology flagship sensor ov48c, followed by a large-scale introduction of how-how sensors in the Mate 40 series, the Nova series and the Opporeno series, which showed that how-how technology is well-recognized by mobile phone manufacturers. As national mobile phone manufacturers began to try to optimize the supply chain layout, more national production was launched.
The microscopic 200 million pixel resolution image sensor ovb0b, refreshing the home-grown cell phone and os pixel record. August 2022 Howie released ovb0a, a ultra-small 200 million pixel image sensor with a pixel size of 0.56 micrometer, and ovb0a dedicated to high-end intelligence.
Mobile phones are designed to provide excellent low-luminous light performance with a unique 16-single pixel combination. In addition, the image sensor has a 100% four-phase detection (qpd) function that allows for fast-precision self-control. 200 million pixel sensors help capture more details, and the company is expected to move the market by using this new product.
The image performance of the head rises to a new altitude. 4. Security: in the area of steady growth, corporate city occupancy is stable, image sensor technology is at the core of security video surveillance systems, and image sensors determine the quality of camera capture.
Given the advantages of low-cost, simple design, small size, low capacity, high integration, etc., the image transmitters of the surveillance cameras are gradually changing from traditional ccd to ccos. China is the world’s largest video-monitoring market, with the Chinese market accounting for about the world’s professional video-monitoring market in 2019.
48.4% according to the 14th Five-Year Development Plan, the state will promote the transformation of smart cities and digital villages, the need for video surveillance equipment will rise significantly, the technology of smart video surveillance will be increased, and the penetration of video surveillance equipment into industries is accelerating. As a result of the advent of the network, security surveillance cameras are no longer limited to companies such as airports, railway stations, banks, and office buildings.
They have become an important part of retail businesses, smart cities and smart households, collecting and analysing big data, and video, surveillance cameras are growing. It is expected that the country’s video surveillance market will continue to grow at a combined rate of about 9% per year in 2020-2026, and the industry market will reach $16.3 billion by 2026.
Market trends indicate that the global market for security surveillance and cos image sensors has been growing and is expected to grow steadily in the future. According to the frost&sullivan statistics, in 2020, the volume and sales of security surveillance and cos image sensors were 420 million and 870 million dollars, respectively, as the overall market size of the future security surveillance industry continues to grow.
In 2025, the volume of shipments and sales will reach $80 million and $2.01 billion, respectively, and a compound annual growth rate of 13.75 per cent is expected to reach 13.75 per cent. According to Frost&sullvan, Howe held about 33 per cent of sales-calibre markets in the security sector in 2020.
According to the 49% market share, the requirements of the video surveillance system for the cos image sensor performance are constantly being upgraded from a technical point of view, and the cosmography is mentioned in terms of the image performance of the sensor in terms of low-sense light environment imaging, infrared, hdr, high-cleaning/super-high-cleaning imaging, intelligent recognition, etc.
In contrast to the camera chip on a mobile phone, the security products need to run 24 hours a day, with a higher demand for night vision, and a continuing need for video recording. Based on the above technology, HoweTech studied the Night Hawk's nyxelTM technology, and the security market was very promising.
Three technical tools were used: first, to increase the thickness of silicon so that the photon can move further in the mime and collect more photons; second, to add a layer of special absorbent layer to the surface that absorbs the maximum light volume, so that the photon is absorbed to a great extent into the mime, followed by moving longer distances from different angles to achieve the maximum photon electron conversion rate, thus creating a brighter image; and, second, to create a more visible image of the photon.
Third, putting each pixel in a ditch with a barrier between pixels to prevent the transmission of the photon to a nearby mime in order to prevent collusion. Through these three methods, at 850 nm and 940 nm, the passing rate of light rose to 60% and 40%, respectively. An increase of 60% and 40% means a reduction in the power of the light to be replenished. For example, the efficiency of the new night eagle nyxel at 940 nm is 40%, the traditional method is 40%.
It's 8%. The amount of light that Hawkyxel has to fill is reduced, and no more light is needed. On March 9, 2020, Howie released nyxel durable-2 -- a second-generation near-infrared technology of subversive significance, applied to image sensors operating in low-to-lightless environments, breaking new records in terms of quantum efficiency (qe), which is now at nyxel2 technology.
With the help of the technique, the invisible 940nm near-infrared spectral quantum efficiency increased by 25%, while the almost invisible 850nm near-infrared wavelengths increased by 17%. The improved performance of nyxel2 technology offered a variety of new possibilities for designers.
In the case of autopilot surveillance systems, precision can be improved, and the number of led lamps installed where the driver's room light is not good can be reduced. In the case of smart phones, the number of led lamps installed can be reduced.
The number of lamps, which can contribute to the continuous extension of battery life, coupled with the intensive design of additional components, facilitates the design innovation and reduction of 5.vr/ar: it is projected that more than 200 million cis imagery sensors for global vr head displays in 2026 will be used as an important component of 3d visualization in games, vr head displays, smart home devices, etc.
Smart tv, home robots, and drones are becoming more and more widely used in consumer electronics. 3d visualizes the ability of consumer electrical devices to feel a three-dimensional physical world, and face recognition and gesture recognition can bring new user experiences to consumers.
The scale will grow rapidly, at an average annual rate of 25.2%, to approximately $1.5 billion in 2026. The rapid growth will be in applications such as vr equipment, smart door locks, and sweep-out robots.
The experience is increasingly valued. Omdia anticipates that the unside-in vr architecture will be replaced by the inside-out architecture, and that vr will be able to use his own camera and sensors for spatial positioning and human interaction. The penetration rate of full colour viewing will increase further, and the eye trail will be the tagging function of the vr device. In addition, to help users achieve the need to use virtual image (vatar) for socialization.
And it is expected that future consumer-level vr head displays will be equipped with at least six different types of cameras, including two locator cameras.
Head, two eye-tracking cameras, one tof camera and one rgb camera to complete the location of the inside-outtracking device, eye-tracking, hand-trace tracking, and the performance of the Seethrough, respectively. The number of cameras would be even higher if the vr handles were equipped with a visual positioning program. For example, Magicleap2 carries nine cameras, including one.
Tof cameras, a 12.6mp rgb camera, four eye-track cameras and three positioning cameras. To benefit from the power of the m1 chip, the apple's new product mr will have more cameras. According to Omdia's projections, the volume of cis products used for global vr head displays will grow at an average annual growth rate of 41%, and by 2026 it will exceed 200 million.
Image sensors, as eyes that connect virtual to reality, are the core chip in the ar/vr field, which will grow at a rapid pace in the ar/vr market. In addition to the cos image sensor, products such as the company cameracubechip, lcos, touch chip, power sourceic, etc. have been used in the ar/vr field, and the value of the single machine is continuously increasing.
iii. Other design operations: multi-grade layouts, co-development of 1.tddi operations growing rapidly, with an increase of 164 per cent in the same year in 2021; smartphone contact control and display functions are independently controlled by two chips, and tddi integrates the touch chip into the display chip.
A chip brings with it a unified system architecture. Tddi was first proposed by synaptics, an American machine interfacer, and launched a tddi solution for cellular peaceboard computers in 2015. The tddi chip’s market penetration rose rapidly, opening up a new battlefield in the field of display-driven chips.
Statistics show that since the first release of the tddi chip in 2015, the volume of its shipments has risen rapidly from 400 million to 520 million in 2019, and that in the future, other electronic equipment, represented by electronics on board, will also use tddi chips extensively to sustain high-speed market growth, with global output expected to reach 1.150 billion by 2024, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18.3 per cent from 2020 to 2024.
At present, tddi is the mainstream driver of smartphone lcd panels. According to digitimes, 2019, tddi was in the minds of hundreds of millions. In 2020, 90% of the market share in the tddi market was held by Chinese Taiwanese manufacturers such as Wing, Duntai, and Jing Li, and Howe was the only top producer on the continent, with a market ratio of 8%.
Entering a new research and development team will further refine the matrix of corporate touch and display products, and a series of oled display-driven chips focusing on smartphones has been developed. Currently, the company ' s oleddddic product has been validated at the domestic head screen plant.
According to digitimes, including the display of synaptics, which drives large plants, as well as the United Nations, the Miracle Light Power, and the Dundee have already deployed heavy troops in the area of Tddi, which is vehicle-borne touch control, and has started a large number of deliveries in 2022. According to omdia data, the number of tddi deliveries from vehicle monitors reached 5 million in 2020. The company is expected to capture the car tddi.
In April 2020, the company acquired the touch control and display drive (tddi) chip business in the Asia region of synaptics, acquired Shenzhen Gildis in 2021, launched the stand-alone brand -- gigadisplay -- based on the already existing tddi pre-loading market, and reloaded the technological resource advantages of the Howell Group in the chip area with Gidice brands of tddi and ddic
The best practices in product R & D are well integrated, covering the tddi+ddic product line. In 2021, tddi products received $1,963 million, an increase of 164 per cent over the same period. The tddi chip developed by the company covers the mainstream Andre smart machine, both within and outside the country, and the market share is increasing rapidly.
2.ar/vr The market is growing rapidly, and locs is the current mainstream programme The silicon liquid crystal lcos (liquidcrystalonsilicon) is a new reflective display technology organically associated with the coss integrated circuit, which is structured in such a way that the cnos base plate is tied to the base plate on the too conductor glass and then injects the liquid crystal.
Small group size, low cost, high resolution, wide colour area, high light utilization advantage. In the anar glasses display, lcos is based on brightness advantages, usually combined with light wave guidance. For example, Magicleap1ar glasses contain six lcos screens, and Microsoft's holollens1 uses a three-storey +lcos optical display.
Micro-recording techniques that are currently in the mainstream of the Ar market include silicon-based liquid crystals (lcos), liquid crystal displays (lcd), digital microscope devices (dmd), digital light processing (dlp), silicon-led, microled, etc. Some of the equipment manufacturers have begun to replace lcos with silicone-led devices, but based on cost advantages, lcos+light waver is still a commonly used option.
In the first half of 2022, according to Vr gyroscopes, there were about 6.84 million shipments of global vr head, of which quest 2 recorded about 5.9 million sales in the first half of the year, showing a unique situation.
In the first half of 2022, the head of the country showed about 296,000 deliveries, mainly abroad, accounting for more than 75 per cent of the total. The head of the country showed about 48,000 deliveries in the first half of the year. Global vr exports are expected to reach 2,175,000 in 2023, and global exports of glasses reach 960,000.
The company owns a self-built 12 inches of lcos crystal crystallized crystal box sealed production line with a trusted lcos chip production efficiency and product efficiency. The company ' s lcos has successfully been applied in the fields of ar/vr, smart shelf, micro projectors, etc., and in the future, as lcos technology matures, with high light use, high resolution, technological maturity, and no specialization.
The company's lcos are expected to ride the car up to show the ar-hud. According to ihsmarkit predictions, the penetration rate from the global upturn will rise rapidly from 2022 to reach one in every six cars in 2027.
The increase in real-estate ar-hud ratio will reach almost 450,000. 3. The layout of vehicle size proposed device product lines, which Ivds are expected to deliver quickly.
Ric (charger, ldo, switch, dc-dc, led backlight drive, etc.), radio frequency devices and ic, mems microphones, etc., have been working with the country’s well-known mobile branded supply chain. Around the car market, Weir shares have continued to increase their R & D investment in the mcu, lvds, lcos, power-ic, moss, etc., and will provide a future package of car regulation solutions.
Ivds is expected to do it in concert with the combustibles. Video transmission options in car video applications are low voltage differentials (lvds) interfaces, as it has a lower signal range (0.35v) and differential structures that can significantly reduce electromagnetic radiation.
These applications require high-speed data transmission to meet the requirements for image transmission, which is what increases the demand for lvds in these areas, and with the use of bicycles.
The growth in the number of cameras and cmos is expected to result in a combined release of lvds. Combined with the above analysis, we make assumptions about the company’s performance projections for the next three years: (1) image sensor solution (cmos image sensor, microimage module encapsulation, lcos, asic):
Downstream of the cos image sensor is driven by demand in the area of mobile phones, cars, security, medical care, where the company is still in the inventory phase, owing to the shrinking demand for consumer electronics such as cell phones, notebooks and so on this year, and we believe that if the macroeconomic improvement in 2023 is accompanied by the expected marginal recovery, we expect operations in this area to rebound next year.
There has been an increase; as domestic outbreak control has led to a decline in government spending on security markets, companies’ revenues in the field of security have declined slightly, and are expected to rise steadily next year. The rise of emerging markets, such as automobiles, electronics, and the Internet, has created a new application scene for image sensors, and Howie’s car business has performed brightly, and the market share is expected to be higher than expected; Howie is the global leader in a one-time endoscope.
The harvest will maintain a high rate of growth. (2) Touch and display solutions (tddi and ddic): the company integrates the new thinking team well, and the tddi industry performed well in 2021, followed by a gradual increase in city occupancy. For the display drive chip (ddic), the company introduced a new one.
The research and development team will further refine the matrix of corporate touch and display products, and has developed a series of oled display-driven chips focused on smartphones. Currently, the company ' s oleddddic product has been validated at the domestic head screen plant, and production has been phased in over the next few years. Since the area of downstream applications of the plate is mainly mobile, in terms of industry as a whole, mobile phones are the dominant consumer power source.
Sub-lowness continues, stock digestion continues to take a certain cycle, benefiting from an increase in city occupancy, and we expect this year ' s tddi simulator solution (several tvs, moss, Shortki, electricityic, radio frequency and micro-income growth based on the 2021 annual report); motors are expected to increase steadily as a result of motor motorization; and revenue from power-ic is growing faster and continues to rise.
Upgrade; Shortkey and radio frequency devices slightly down; future Ivds releases are expected to drive growth in simulator operations. (4) Semiconductor distribution: relative stability associated with industry landscapes. Corporate distribution is strong, ranking in 2019 as the fifth distributor of indigenous electronic components (ranked by total collection), with long-term agreements with upstream plants such as Guangbao, South Asia, Matsushita, etc.
In 2021, company revenues grew by 47.28% over the year, owing to a general increase in the semiconductor sector with an imbalance in supply and demand, and, as the sector adjusts demand and supply, we expect that the company’s distribution business will grow at a lower rate and will continue to grow steadily in the future.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: