Bond securities (Hong Kong) guisensecurities (hk) Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh)
The company has a vast financial space. The Hangzhou Banking Corporation is currently working on finance in Zhejiang province, the Bank City comptoirsii.
High-tech regional firms are numerous, leading high-technology clusters have been created, and Hangzhou Bank has a vast financial market space. Hangzhou Banking has long been based on “Silicon Valley Bank in China,” and is now specialized in data and industry.
The Silicon Valley Banking and Financial Eco-Cooper Model is an international model for financial services. The Hangzhou Bank, which builds on its learning experience and home-grown reforms and optimizations, has experienced the Silver Partnership 1.0 model, the Silver Investment Partnership 2.0 model, and is actively exploring data and industry-driven specialization.
The results of the "Investment + Digital + Pan-Tech + Trading Bank + Investment Bank" consolidation of the "Investment + Digital + Trans-Technology + Investment Bank" are evident. As of the end of 2022, corporate opening balances on corporate finance amounted to $48.1 billion, with an entrepreneurial equity investment base: a complete product chain of 6+1, including equity loans, warranty loans, growth loans, bond loans, cash lending, credit.
In the case of start-up firms, the main focus is on wind pool lending, and firms that already have investment institutions are usually selected to reduce information asymmetries. In the case of development, firms use a loan-in-loan model that is dominated by a loan-in-trust loan option. In the case of mature firms, firms that are developed.
Provision of comprehensive financial services, such as stock pledge buy-backs, targeted increases, M&A funds, employee equity schemes, etc. Institutional mechanisms: establishment and deepening of financial specialization at the earliest; establishment of a system of long-term corporate evaluation criteria and detailed management of clients. At the same time, independent approval mechanisms for start-ups and training of professionals were introduced.
In 2009, the company took the lead in setting up a special body on science and technology finance, the Hangzhou Bank's Science and Technology Branch, the country's first Science and Technology Infrastructure and Finance Department in 2016, and in 2023, it consolidated the creation of the General Department of Science and Technology and Financial Services, which is the central profit centre for managing the business, and promoted the strategic role of finance.
By the end of 2022, the company had completed the construction of 70 venture-standard teams and accumulated services to more than 1.04 million businesses. In addition, for start-ups, the company had access mechanisms and letters to clients.
Approval mechanisms, risk pricing mechanisms, risk tolerance policies, incentives and operational synergies are all independent. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) - Increasing capital, sustaining growth capacity - Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) - Quarterly Report Review - High Growth Continuity, Increasing Performance
Report of Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) 2022 - asset quality excellent, second half
At a time when the country is at a critical juncture in its high-quality economic development, commercial banks, as an important hub for resource allocation, have been instrumental in promoting industrial upgrading. At the same time, the business model of commercial banks is in urgent need of change as a result of the upgrading of industrial structures.
Hangzhou Bank, one of the country’s early commercial banks exploring the construction of a financial services system, has accumulated considerable experience in institutional mechanisms and product service innovation. We believe that Hangzhou Banking is important for research on financial models and development directions.
Hangzhou Bank was established in 1996 as an urban commercial bank based in Hangzhou City.
In 2023, the company generated 35 billion yuan, an increase of 6.33 per cent, a net return to the mother of 14.4 billion yuan, and an increase of 14.4 billion yuan.
At the end of September, more than 12,000 businesses were created by the Hangzhou Banking Service, with loans totalling more than $170 billion, the first-time clients of bank loans outnumbered the innovative and dynamic areas of the economy, and the financial space was vast. For months, eight ministries, including the People's Bank, jointly issued the Masters of the Pilot Zone for Financial Reform of Construction in Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Hoyot and Gashing City.
There are a large number of high-tech firms in the region that provide a good soil for financial innovation in Hangzhou banking, and a wide range of financial markets. The company’s boom in high-tech technology industry in the financial region, which has been established, has benefited from an adequate accumulation of human capital, a rapidly growing digital economy, government policy support, and so on.
There are more than 20.8 million new technology enterprises in Shenzhen, nearly 25.1 million in Beijing, 19.2 million in Shanghai, and over 0.77 million in Nanjing. This provides a high-quality soil for banking innovation in Hangzhou, but it also imposes greater demands on the accuracy and abundance of financial services.
Figure 2: Number of new technology enterprises in Zhejiang and Anhui provinces
Hangzhou Banking and Finance has long been based on the “Silicon Valley Bank in China” and, while Silicon Valley Bank of the United States declared bankrupt in March 2023, its successful experience of service start-ups is worth learning.
The Siliconvalleybank was founded in 1983, and it was also established to operate traditional commercial bank deposits, no different from other business banks in Silicon Valley. Until 1993, John Dean acted as a ceo of Silicon Valley Bank, presenting the “Silicon Valley Bank” as a “bank that serves Silicon Valley” and shifting the target market to small and medium-sized enterprises that are at an early stage of growth, growing faster, perceived by their peers as too risky to provide services.
Over the years, Silicon Valley Bank has evolved into the most influential commercial bank in the financial services market for United States technology enterprises, and in 1999 it established the Silicon Valley Bank Gold Group (svbfinancialgroup) (hereinafter “Silicon Valley Group”), which currently comprises four major business plates: Silicon Valley Bank (siliconvalleybank), Silicon Valley Private Bank (svbprivate), Silicon Valley Capital.
(svbcapital) and Silicon Valley Securities (svbsecurities). The group has long focused on high-growth industries such as service technology, life sciences, providing integrated financial services to firms in the respective industries, to high-value clients such as pe/vc and to the executives of these enterprises or wind investment agencies, and to build mature financial circles that are seen by the industry as “a model of banking support” that largely supports the development of high-tech industries in the United States.
In the bank’s view, the biggest pain in service-making business is how to judge a business’s growth without stable profitability and collateral, which is the usual short-term for banks. One way to give banks an investor-oriented view of an enterprise is to work with p/vc on lending linkages. Silicon Valley Bank lending models.
The scheme consists of three main types: “lending + equity recognition”, “lending + direct equity investment” and “direct lending to p/vc, indirect support to start-up enterprises.” Risk capital collected at a later stage of the enterprise, i.e., a cash flow of an enterprise’s financing rather than an operating cash flow of an enterprise. At the same time, the group will agree with the enterprise to obtain a partial title certificate, to be exercised when the business is listed or acquired, or, if it fails, to realize the return on investment through the transfer of an equity certificate.
The purpose of the certificate is primarily to mitigate the risk, which is to offset to some extent the risk of lending to start-up-growing enterprises. The benefit of the certificate is clearly positive in relation to the capital market, but it does not represent a high proportion of Silicon Valley Group revenues. (2) “Lending + direct equity investment”: for better-qualified customers, Silicon Valley Bank loans are accompanied by direct investment in Silicon Valley capital, usually in the wind.
The capital of the investment institution is also invested. Silicon Valley Bank and Silicon Valley Capital are independent, risk- and income-bearing. (3) “direct lending to p/vc”: this type of loan is referred to as capital-driven credit and refers to loans secured by capital payment commitments from p/vc investors (gp/lp). When p/vc has a good project, its investors may not be fully funded.
At this point, Silicon Valley Bank will release credit funds to pe/vc and repay Silicon Valley Bank loans when investors have the funds in place. This type of credit is the same as bridge capital, with shorter loan terms and lower risk, and is now the main way to support Silicon Valley Bank start-ups, accounting for more than 50% of total credit.
For the most part, the lack of collateral has been the pain of credit financing for growth-based enterprises, so Silicon Valley Bank has developed a patent pledge loan business. And, because majors like Cisco and Google often buy intellectual property from small and medium-sized enterprises, patents have good liquidity, such as the inability of customers to repay loans, and Silicon Valley Bank can sell pledged patents to compensate for losses by giving priority compensation.
Figure 4: Silicon Valley Group lending linkage model Figure 5: Credit recognition by Silicon Valley Bank as a share of the Group's revenue
The Silicon Valley banking service is well-positioned and includes the following categories: first, science, technology and innovation enterprises such as science and life sciences/medical health (technologyandlifescience/healthcare): mainly front-line technology and hardware (e.g. semiconductors, communications, data, storage and electronics), enterprise and consumer software/Internet (e.g. infrastructure software, applications, software)
Second, the pe/vc group (globalfundbanking) provides not only loan services, but also a variety of integrated financial services, such as financial management, financial consultancy, etc. The Silicon Valley Bank requires its cooperative venture capital fund to open its own account.
Third, high-end red wine clients (premiumwine) and private banks/wealthmanage clients (privatebank/wealthmanage), including mainly executives of start-up businesses and senior managers of pe/vc and their investors (gp/lp). From credit flows at the end of 2022, the company provided 55.6 per cent of capital call loans to pe/vc and loans to the science of science and life/health care industry.
Private bank loans accounted for 23.3 per cent and private bank loans for 14.1 per cent, with investment-dependent (investor dependentloans), cash-flow dependents for mergers and acquisitions and innovative business loans (innovation c&iloans), accounting for 9.0 per cent, 2.6 per cent and 11.6 per cent of total loans, respectively, in which investment-dependent loans were invested mainly in start-up and long-term enterprises, one.
Cash-flow-dependent loans for mergers and acquisitions are mainly used in the context of mergers and acquisitions initiated by pe/vc, and their repayments are mainly based on the operating cash flow of the enterprise, which is relatively large. Innovative business loans are generally directed to long-term and mature enterprises, whose repayment depends mainly on the cash flow or balance sheet of the enterprise.
The Silicon Valley Group divides the business start-up phase into business income, providing targeted and differentiated financing services for different stages of the enterprise, as well as integrated financial services such as consultancy, cash flow management, etc. The Silicon Valley Group divides science, technology and innovation, such as science and life sciences/medical health, into three categories, namely: svb
Startupbanking practice (business usually earns less than $5 million per year, or is still in the no-income phase), svbalarlystage practice (business already has mature products and services, earning between $5 million and $75 million per year), svbcorpatebanking practice (a mature, large enterprise, generally earning more than $7,500 per year) to meet the different financial needs of start-up enterprises at each stage of their development.
In summary, Silicon Valley Bank is essentially a traditional commercial bank, focusing on venture firms and wind investment agencies, linking the Silicon Valley Group with venture firms and pe/vc by means of innovative lending linkages to construct the Financial Linked Ecoosphere. Silicon Valley Bank provides direct or indirect loans to start-ups (p/vc first, p/vc first, p/vc later, then p/vc) and accumulates a large number of high-quality start-up firms and p/vc clients.
After that, Silicon Valley capital under the lending-associated model allows the Silicon Valley Bank to look for high-quality investment targets based on the rich customer resources accumulated by the Silicon Valley Bank in its investment circle. At the same time, Silicon Valley’s private banks can also provide services to high-value people in companies and pe/vc institutions, absorb deposits, and provide integrated financial services such as wealth management.
After more than 14 years of exploration, Hangzhou Bank continuously integrates resources such as government, wind investment agencies, and start-ups, optimizes customer management mechanisms, innovative product service systems, etc., and provides specialized integrated financial services for start-up firms throughout their life cycle. Companies take advantage of domestic market weight data to develop standardized models for corporate assessment to achieve replicability of financial models.
State banks have grown rapidly in recent years in terms of the size of their venture capital exposure, reaching $48,095 million in late 2022. As the corporate finance business model matures, it is expected that corporate finance will grow rapidly in the future.
“Creation 3.0”, driven by data and industry specialization. Hangzhou Banking and Finance went through a period of “Creation 1.0” (2009-2015), dominated by monetary cooperation, a “Creation 2.0” model (2016-2021), and is now moving towards a “Creation 3.0” model, driven by data and industry specialization, which is, to be precise, a company-initiated finance business.
It is currently in the process of deepening 2.0 and exploring 3.0. The first phase of the initiative: policy support, with a focus on policies and resources such as government-supported business lists, policy guarantees, high interest rates, and the Science and Technology Park, is setting up a collaborative service platform for “Secret One Company”.
At present, there are a large number of start-up institutions working with the Hangzhou Bank.
More often than not, it works in depth with most of the top-ranked wind-spills. The first is the 3.0 model: by focusing on industry, building industry-specific teams, taking advantage of domestic market-based big data, developing a system of standards for business growth evaluation, exploring replicability of financial models.
By the end of 2022, Hangzhou Bank had completed the construction of 70 standard teams for innovation, and the core competition had gradually increased. In the case of biomedical teams, Hangzhou Bank covered a large number of high-quality customers in Hangzhou and Long Triangle areas.
In addition, the management and business cadres of enterprises and cooperative investment agencies will be actively approached, deposit-taking and the provision of financial services such as wealth management. Currently, the Hangzhou Banking and Financial Services Department is actively exploring the integration of resources in the industrial chain, building a financial database and establishing a customer resource management system.
As of late 2022, the Hangzhou Bank’s entrepreneurship equity fund was hosting more than $151.2 billion, highlighting its competitive advantage in the area of finance. Corporate deposits grew rapidly, and in late 2023, for example.
Public deposits account for 76 per cent of total deposits and are clearly ahead of the market comptoirs; at the same time, the cost of corporate deposits remains low, with savings in the first half of 2023.
The Hangzhou Bank has been working on reforms to the institutional structure of its operations, from the science and technology branch to the science and finance branch, to the integrated finance unit. In the area of science and technology finance, the Hangzhou Bank is a pioneer. As early as 2009, the company led the establishment of the Zhejiang Provincial Technical and Financial Specialized Agency, the Hangzhou Bank Science and Technology Branch, and the identification of small and medium-sized enterprises with specialized services, both scientific and cultural.
The new three-board speciality agency for the SDS, and the Hangzhou Banking and Finance Corporation, which was set up in 2013, is the country’s first-ever financial and human infrastructure. The company has long been working to provide services to technologically creative enterprises and to effectively address the problem of financing small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and has since replicated its financial services model to branches such as the West Creek Branch and the Crafts Branch.
In 2016, the Hangzhou Bank consolidated the entire scientific and technological infrastructure and set up the country’s first Ministry of Science, Technology, and Finance, which is a first-level branch. The Ministry of Industry and Industry has a technical branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch and a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch of a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch of a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch and a branch of a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch, a branch and a branch.
As a result of the reforms, the Hangzhou Bank formed an organizational framework of “1+3” for corporate finance, “1” for the Ministry of Trading and Banking, “3” for the Ministry of Investment and Banking, and the Treasury. As of the end of June 2023, the company had completed Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hangzhou.
In the future, the CFS headquarters, at the head office level, will be significantly strengthened in terms of resource integration, autonomous innovation, and business management capacity, which will help to improve the product system: the “6+1” product system meets the need for full-life financing.
As early as 2010, the Hangzhou Bank's Science and Technology Branch offered a creative view of the business, focusing closely on the start-up institutions, and relying on the start-up services of the client, which was the first model of a silver investment association. But, under the Commercial Bank Act, commercial banks in our country are not able to invest in equity directly, nor are they able to invest directly in private fundraising.
In order to enhance the availability of loans, the Hangzhou Bank, like the Silicon Valley Bank, recognizes intangible assets such as digital content, intellectual property, etc. as core assets of start-ups, and has developed forms of pledge such as intellectual property rights, equity, etc., to address the general lack of collateral in the start-up industry.
In the early stages of development, a large number of start-up, technology-based enterprises that lack fixed assets but have core innovative capabilities and service capabilities are funded.
Under the model, the investment agency invests first, and the Hangzhou Bank follows up on the loan; under the pre-prior lending model, the Hangzhou Bank lends first, and after the investment funds of the investment agency arrives, the enterprise first requires that the maximum amount of credit granted under the type not exceed 80% of the original investment (winding) funds actually invested in the borrower by the Hangzhou Bank, and in the case of loan funds, is subject to fiduciary supervision, requiring the use of the p/vc funds in the pre-prior lending modality and later of the loan facility.
Mostly, banks use p/vc's expertise in the business situation and development potential of S&T SMEs to effectively control customer access risks and establish a platform for cooperation between banks, pe/vc and S&T SMEs.
Co-operation with financial services, and thus additional options for options. This option refers to the right of third-party parties designated by Hangzhou Bank to meet the requirements of the agreement (substantially pe/vc) to obtain equity or equity gains under the terms of the agreement (the duration of the agreement, price, share, etc.) from the start-up enterprise (including other corporate equity and equity gains held by the enterprise), as well as the right to transfer the market fair value and share the proceeds of the growth of the start-up enterprise in accordance with the terms of the agreement.
The Hangzhou Bank, for example, works with Phuhua Capital to promote the “Five Together”, which includes co-coordinating advantage resources, co-organizing service groups, co-linking clients, visiting small and medium-sized enterprises, co-location finance.
The Hangzhou banking sector has continued to explore and innovate over the years, with the creation of the “Creative Golden Engine” service brand and the initial formation of the “6+1” product system.
In addition to providing credit funds, Hangzhou Bank has been active in providing comprehensive financial services to help enterprises to exploit capital markets for rapid growth, such as the provision of capital market services, consulting services, consulting services, etc.
The product is a credit loan for high-end start-ups, including high-school graduates, known business jobs, and the introduction of talent at all levels of government, providing up to $3 million in credit loans. The product is widely used for campus start-ups, providing financial support for start-ups.
The product is also called a venture bank loan, which means that the Hangzhou bank, in conjunction with the relevant government departments (such as the City, District, County Science and Technology Bureau, etc.) and the guarantors (or financial institutions such as insurance companies), has initiated the establishment of a risk pool fund as a risk recovery guarantee for small and medium-sized enterprises to borrow from Hangzhou bank.
The risk pool loan model combines the efforts of government, banks, guarantee companies, etc., to better provide strong financial support to a wide range of science-based, innovative SMEs.
The product serves high-tech credit facilities for small and medium-sized enterprises, and it applies to growing enterprises of a certain size. Credit loans amounting to up to $10 million are provided mainly to high-growth firms with tax sales revenues of over $15 million.
The product is primarily for new three-boarded businesses or businesses that are about to land on the capital market, providing credit or credit liquidity support to enterprises and helping them to optimize their debt. Hangzhou Bank has been performing systematic uniforms for new three-boarded businesses as early as 2011.
Hangzhou Bank is currently providing a full range of financial services to new three-chamber businesses, from proposed listings to post-regime listings, from business loans to capital market finance advisers, stock-holder executive finance services, one-stop shops, and all-round financial services. “Breaking” focuses on investment management to set loans at a cost. The product is targeted at loans for quality investment management, providing liquidity support to investment institutions, deepening and excellence.
The “opt-in loan” is a combination of the six products listed above. The product is given a certain choice on the basis of a comprehensive service to the client, and the right to share the income from the client’s growth while helping the enterprise solve its financing problems.
Multi-product systems meet the financing needs of start-up firms at different stages. For start-up firms, it is mainly risk-pool lending, based on the principle of the law of large numbers, that the uncertainty of individual projects is resolved through the overall benefits of a large number of projects; at the same time, firms usually choose firms that have entered wind-investment agencies to reduce the inaccuracy of information.
For mature firms, a combination of stock pledge buybacks, targeted increases, M & A funds, employee-holding schemes, etc. Client systems: Focused industries, refined management of target clients Target groups, accurate targeting of eight major industries.
By the end of 2022, there were more than 104,000 businesses in the “Creating Gold Engine” cumulatively, an increase of 13.61% compared to the beginning of the year, of which more than 95% were private and more than 75% were micro-enterprises. In recent years, Hangzhou Bank has responded positively to the call of the state to continue to deepen its services to “newly specialized” enterprises.
The Ministry of Informatization issued a joint circular on support for the high-quality development of “new and specialized” SMEs, “new and specialized” for the first time in March 2022, and the Government report of 2023 indicated that there were more than 70,000 “new and specialized” SMEs. In late 2021, the Hang State Bank set up 35 “new and specialized” service teams with more than 120 business cadres, continuously upgrading the professional capacity of the teams and deepening the specialization of the “specialized” teams through the designation of team standards, operating processes, etc.
By the end of June 2023, there were more than 3,400 “special” firms operating under the company's services, and 88 per cent of the market coverage for the Hangzhou and quasi-unicorn enterprises was exceeded.
In the case of bank management, Hangzhou Bank uses a specific customer list system, along with the development of a system to refine client classification to lay the foundation for a structured business logic. Most of the country’s traditional commercial banks build on micro-finance or corporate finance lines, without changing their line-of-line strategies.
In the context of the business model, the Wide Web has built up a pan-business client base, which is then screened through a policy list or a pan-industry determination for differential management. The Hangzhou Bank has developed a self-developing corporate growth evaluation system, based on more than a decade of accumulated experience with thousands of corporate information and services, and has set up an initial five-dimensional evaluation system, “Industry+Investment+Team+Technology+Policy.”
Algorithms empower labels and aggregate client growth evaluation scores.