Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh)
There's a lot of financial space for companies to create innovative economies. Hangzhou Banking and Finance is now ploughing deep into Zhejiang province, upstate, and Nanjing City and Yutsu City, all of which are the most active areas in the country's innovative economy. The number of high-technology enterprises in the region has made up the leading collection of high-technology industries.
Hangzhou Banking has long been based on “building the Silicon Valley Bank of China” and is now moving towards the “Creation 3.0” model, driven by data and industry specialization. Silicon Valley Banking has created the Financial Eco-Cooper model.
The Hangzhou Bank, which is an international model for financial services, builds on its learning experience and adapts and optimizes itself, and has gone through the “Creation 1.0” model, which is dominated by the silver government.
The main “Creation 2.0” model, which is being actively explored and driven by data and industry specialization, is the “Creation 3.0” model. The integration of “Industries+Digital+Tech+Transactional Banks+Investment Banks” has been very effective. By the end of 2022, corporate-inventive finance opening balances had been reached.
A 52-week maximum price/minimum price Product system: a complete “6+1” product chain, including finance, mortgages, growth loans, loan loans, mortgages, mortgages, mortgages and options to meet the financial needs of start-ups at different stages of life.
For start-up firms, which are mainly risk-pool loans, firms are usually selected to reduce information asymmetries when they have a wind investment facility in place. For development-oriented enterprises, the loan linkage model is dominated by a silver loan, an opt-in loan. For mature firms, stock pledges are provided.
Institutional mechanisms: establishment and deepening of financial specialization at the earliest; establishment of a system of long-term corporate evaluation criteria and detailed client management. At the same time, independent approval mechanisms for start-ups are in place.
In 2009, the company took the lead in setting up the Technical and Financial Specialized Agency, the Hangzhou Bank Science and Technology Branch, and in 2016 it set up the country's first Science and Technology and Human Resources Department, and in 2023 it consolidated and consolidated the Financial and Financial Infrastructure Headquarters, which became the administrative unit.
Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) - Building up capital, sustaining growth capacity - Corporate Profit Center, upgrading financial strategy. Companies focus on the industry, managed through a special guest list system, and "Industry+Injected+Technology+Policy" 5D growth enterprises
Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) - Quarterly Review - High Growth Renewal, Growth of Performance - Quantified client classification and layered operations. By the end of 2022, the company had completed the Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) Review 2022 - asset quality excellent, second half of the year
In addition, the Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) was evaluated for its 2022 performance report - a high-growth continuation, in which companies had access to clients, credit approval mechanisms, risk pricing mechanisms, wind, etc.
The three-quarterly quick performance appraisal by Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) - high performance is maintained, risk tolerance policies, incentive constraints and business synergy policies operate independently. Profit forecasting and valuation: combined absolute valuation and relative valuation, where we believe that the company has a reasonable share price
We are now in a critical period of high-quality economic development in which commercial banks, as a major hub for resource allocation, have been instrumental in promoting industrial upgrading. At the same time, with the structural transformation of the industry, the business model of commercial banks is in urgent need of change.
There are many shortcomings, however, due mainly to the imbalance between start-ups, which makes banks “failless and unwilling to lend” and the need to improve the model of banking services for high-tech industries. The Hangzhou Bank, one of the country’s early commercial banks exploring the creation of a financial services system, is institutional in nature.
We believe that Hangzhou Banking has an important role to play in the development of financial models and directions. At the same time, there will be much room for financial development for Hangzhou Bank, and there will be much room for financial development for Hangzhou Banking.
Hangzhou Bank was established in 1996 as an urban commercial bank based in Hangzhou City.
At the same time, at the end of the year, corporate assets totalled $1.84 trillion and loans totalled $81 trillion. In 2023, the Hangzhou Bank had been a strong company since the establishment of the first province-wide technology-specific branch in July 2009.
At the end of the month, the Hangzhou Banking Service created more than 12,000 businesses, accumulated more than $170 billion in loans and, for the first time, received more than 35 per cent of bank loans.
In November 2022, eight ministries, including the People’s Bank, jointly released Shanghai.
The city, the city of Nanjing, the city of Hangzhou, the city of Hoyot, and the city of Kaghem are building a pilot scheme for financial reform. The triangular zone offers new and significant development opportunities. The company will have full access to the country's financial innovation bureau, which has a large number of high-tech regional enterprises, providing high-quality soil for banking innovation in Hangzhou.
By the end of 2021, there were more than 283,000 new technology firms in Zhejiang province.
There are more than 11,300 new technology enterprises in Shenzhen province, 20 million in Shenzhen City, nearly 251,000 in Beijing, 192,000 in Shanghai, and more than 0.77 million in Nanjing City. This provides high-quality land for banking innovation in Hangzhou.
But there is also a higher demand for precision and abundance in financial services. Figure 3: Number of new technology enterprises up north and in Nanjing. Silicon Valley Group model of science and technology financial services.
Hangzhou Banking and Finance has long been based on the “Silicon Valley Bank” in China, and although Silicon Valley Bank of the United States declared bankrupt in March 2023, its successful experience of service start-ups is worth learning. Silicon Valley Bank, founded in 1983, also operated traditional businesses in its early years.
Banking operations are no different from those of other commercial banks in Silicon Valley. Until 1993, John Dean was the ceo of Silicon Valley Bank, which proposed “Silicon Valley Bank” as a “bank for Silicon Valley”, shifting the target market to an early stage of growth, a faster pace of development, perceived by his peers as too risky to provide.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). After many years of accumulation, Silicon Valley Bank has evolved into the most influential commercial bank in the financial services market for United States technology enterprises, and in 1999 it established the Silicon Valley Bank Financial Group (Svb financialgroup) (hereinafter “Silicon Valley Group”).
The Silicon Valley Group currently comprises four major business units: Silicon Valley Bank (siliconvalleybank), Silicon Valley Private Bank (svbprivate), Silicon Valley Capital (svbcapital) and Silicon Valley Securities (svbsecuities).
The integrated financial services provided by high-value clients such as pe/vc and the executives of these enterprises or investment agencies have built up a mature financial-innovation biosphere, which is regarded by the industry as a “model of banking support” that supports, to a large extent, the development of high-tech industries in the United States.
Innovative lending-associated business models, in the bank's view, the biggest pain of a service-making enterprise is how to judge the growth of an enterprise in the absence of stable profitability and collateral, which is the usual short-term for banks. How to give banks an eye for investors.
One way to do this is to work with p/vc. The Silicon Valley Bank loan association model consists of three main models: “lending + equity recognition”, “lending + direct equity investment” and “direct lending to p/vc, indirect support to start-ups.”
(1) “Lending + Equity Certificate”: Silicon Valley Bank provides venture cash flows to start-ups that have entered winding institutions, rather than business-run cash flows. At the same time, the group agrees with the enterprise to obtain a partial credit card, to be exercised when the business is listed or acquired, or, if this is not possible, through the transfer of the equity certificate.
Investment returns. The purpose of venture loans with equity certificates is primarily to mitigate risk, and the equity recognition gains offset the risk of lending to start-up-growth enterprises to a certain extent. The benefits of the certificates are clearly positive for the capital markets, but they do not account for a high share of Silicon Valley Group receipts.
(ii) “Lending + direct equity investment”: For better-qualified clients, Silicon Valley Bank provides loans while Silicon Valley Capital invests directly, usually in the same amount as wind investment agency funds. Silicon Valley Bank and Silicon Valley Capital are independent, risk- and gain-based.
(3) “direct loan to pe/vc”: this type of loan is referred to as capital-driven credit (capitacalcallines of credit) and refers to a loan secured by a capital payment commitment from a p/vc investor (gp/lp). When p/vc has a good-looking project, its investors may not have all the funds in place for some time, when Silicon Valley silver is available.
The letter, which is similar to the bridge fund, has a shorter loan term and a lower risk, has become the main way of supporting Silicon Valley’s business, accounting for more than 50 per cent of the total credit.
In addition to the innovative lending-associated business model, Silicon Valley Bank has developed proprietary pledge lending operations. Most start-ups operate with light assets, with intellectual property-based assets and a lack of collateral being the pain of growing-type business credit, so Silicon Valley Bank has developed proprietary pledge lending operations.
When the U.S. giants regularly acquire the intellectual property rights of SMEs, the patent is well-movable, such as if the customer has no way of repaying the loan, and Silicon Valley Bank sells the pledged patents to compensate for the loss on the basis of preferential claims.
(b) Clear targeting of the Silicon Valley banking community, which includes the following categories: first, science, technology and life sciences/medical health innovation (technologyandlife)
Science/healthcare: Mainly includes cutting-edge technologies and hardware (e.g. semiconductors, communications, data, storage and electronics), business and consumer software/Internet (e.g. infrastructure software, applications, software services, digital content and advertising technology), financial science and technology, climate technology, life sciences and medicine.
Second, the group of pe/vcs (globalfundbanking), the Silicon Valley Group, not only provides loan services, but also a variety of integrated financial services such as financial management, financial consultancy, etc. Silicon Valley banks require their cooperation to open their own venture capital funds.
Third, high-end red wine clients (premiumwine) and private banks/fortune management clients (private bank/wealthmanage), including mainly executives of venture enterprises and senior p/vc managers and their investors (gp/lp).
In terms of credit flows at the end of 2022, 55.6 per cent of loans were made to pe/vc, 23.3 per cent to the technical and life sciences/medical health sector and 14.1 per cent to private banks, while loans to the science and life sciences/medical health sector were classified as investor dependent (investordependent).
Ioans, cash flow dependence for mergers and acquisitions and innovative business loans (innovationc&iloans) account for 9.0 per cent, 2.6 per cent and 11.6 per cent of total loans, respectively, in which investment-dependent loans are directed mainly to start-ups and long-term enterprises and are generally unprofitable or unprofitable.
Cash flow-dependent loans for mergers and acquisitions are mainly used in mergers and acquisitions initiated by pe/vc, and repayments are mainly based on business-operated cash flows, which are relatively large.
The repayment of funds to both permanent and mature enterprises depends mainly on the cash flow or balance sheet of the enterprise.
The Silicon Valley Group divides the business start-up phase into business income, providing targeted and differentiated financing services for different stages of the enterprise, as well as integrated financial services such as consultancy, cash flow management, etc. The Silicon Valley Group divides science, technology and innovation, such as the science of life/health of health, into three categories, namely: svbstartup.
Banksing practice (business usually earns less than $5 million per year or is still in the non-income stage), svbalarstageptice (business already has mature products and services, with annual income ranging from $5 million to $75 million), svbcorpatebanking practice (a mature, large enterprise),
In summary, Silicon Valley Bank is essentially a traditional commercial bank that focuses only on creative enterprises and investment agencies, linking Silicon Valley Group with venture firms and pe/vc through innovative lending linkages.
The Silicon Valley Bank provides direct or indirect loans (bridged loans to p/vc, replenished by funds and then invests in start-ups) to start up a large number of high-quality firms and p/vc clients. Then, the loan chain model allows Silicon Valley capital to be used in Silicon Valley banks.
At the same time, private banks in Silicon Valley can also offer high-value personnel within companies and pe/vc institutions a combination of deposit-taking and wealth-management.
After more than 14 years of exploration, Hangzhou Bank continuously integrates resources such as government, wind investment agencies, and start-ups, optimizes customer management mechanisms, innovative product service systems, etc., and provides specialized integrated financial services to start-up firms from the start-up to the full life cycle on the market.
Standardized models for assessment to achieve replicability of the financial model. Meanwhile, Hangzhou Bank has accumulated many years of experience in the field of financial innovation, and has developed a pool of front-line service professionals with extensive industry experience and expertise, as well as professional innovation product managers, and has been increasingly competitive.
Business finance openings have grown rapidly, with the balance of venture capital openings reaching 48,095 million yuan in late 2022. As corporate finance business models mature, it is expected that future corporate finance will grow rapidly.
The Hangzhou Banking Initiative has gone through the period of “Creation 1.0” (2009-2015), which is driven by data and industry specialization, and the period of “Creation 2.0” (2016-2021), which is currently being asked.
According to the shift to the “commune 3.0” model, driven by industry specialization, corporate finance is currently in the process of deepening 2.0 and exploring 3.0.
Policies and resources, such as conservation, interest-bearing, and philosophies, provide a platform for “one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, and the other. The risk fund gives preferential interest rates to enterprises that are included in the risk pool, and the risk fund gives priority to the repayment of the risk loan, in accordance with the agreed ratios of the risk pool.
Model 2.0: The Hangzhou Bank works with Innovators at a fast-track development stage to create a loan-in-aided eco-cooper. The main product used in this phase is the Silver Loans (as described in detail in the system of post-indicating products).
Most of the former wind-spill institutions work together in depth, starting with the 3.0 model: by focusing on industry segmentation, building industry-specific teams, leveraging domestic market-level data, developing research and development (R & D) systems of standards for corporate growth evaluation, and exploring the possibility of a financial model.
At the same time, strengthening the links between the various lines of business in banks by providing integrated services to start-ups through trade banks, investment banks, etc. By the end of 2022, Hangzhou Bank had completed the construction of 70 standard-setting teams, and the core competitive advantages were gradually being strengthened. In the case of biomedical teams, Hangzhou Silver, for example.
Hangzhou and Long Triangle areas are covered by a large number of high-quality customers, many companies start their research and development, and Hangzhou Bank intervenes when an enterprise needs to invest in finance, and the bank helps to lend support to a pe/vc. when a stage loan is needed, while consulting consultants, etc., to support the enterprise.
There will also be active engagement with managers and business cadres of corporate and cooperative investment agencies, deposit-taking, and financial services such as wealth management. Currently, the Hangzhou Banking and Finance Department is actively exploring the integration of resources in the industrial chain and building capital.
The company states that an independent venture finance information platform will be set up at the right time in the future in terms of the accumulation of available financial data. Figure 8: Hangzhou Banking initiative financial business models are moving forward
Exploring data drivers: "Down policy drivers: building "Governance, Innovating drivers: around innovation"
Industry + Digital + Trans-Technology + Trading Silver, Gardens, Enterprises & Co-operatives, Focusing on Professional Areas,
Bank + Investment Bank integrated platform, deep-land simulation, innovative use of loan links, etc.
The company’s integration of “Industries + Digital + Pan-Tech + Trading Bank + Investment Bank” has been very effective.
By the end of 2022, the Hangzhou Bank's Equity Investment Fund had been placed in trust for more than $151.2 billion, highlighting its competitive advantage in the field of financial innovation. Corporate deposits grew rapidly, accounting for 76% of total deposits at the end of 2023, and were clearly ahead of the market comptoirs; at the same time, the cost of corporate deposits remains low.
Figure 11: Level of hosting of the entrepreneurship investment fund at Hangzhou Bank, size of hosting of the entrepreneurship investment fund at Hangzhou Bank (billions of dollars).
The Hangzhou Bank has continued to deepen the institutional reform of its operations, from the Science and Technology Branch to the Science and Technology and Financial Services Department.
In the area of science and technology finance, the Hangzhou Bank is a pioneer, and as early as 2009 it set up the Hangzhou Bank's Science and Technology Finance Specialized Agency, the Hangzhou Bank's Science and Technology Branch, to identify small and medium-sized enterprises with specialized services, technology and literature.
It is the new three-board feature of the country that began its substantial new three-share pledge business earlier, and in 2013 it became the Hangzhou Bank, the country ' s first-ever financial and creative institution. Companies have long been working to provide services to creative enterprises and to effectively address the problems of financing small and medium-sized enterprises.
In 2016, the Hangzhou Bank consolidated the entire scientific and technological infrastructure and set up the country’s first Ministry of Science and Technology and Finance, which is organized for the first branch.
In 2023, the company upgraded and consolidated its finance headquarters, highlighting the company's unprecedented emphasis on financial innovation. In 2023, the company built the "section" based on the principles of "mainline integration, line leadership, and corporate leadership."
The reform led to the creation of an organizational framework of “1+3” for the Hangzhou Bank, “1” for the Corporate Finance Department, and “3” for the Trade Banking Department, the Investment Banking Department and the Financial Services Headquarters.
By the end of June 2023, the company had completed the construction of four major centres in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, with a front line of over 500 specialists. The four major centres in Nanjing, Hoyo, Ka Hing, Ningbo are also actively working on them.
The product system: “6+1” meets the need for full-life financing; the loan linkage model in Hangzhou Bank practice.
As early as 2010, the Hangzhou Bank's Science and Technology Branch offered a creative vision of the enterprise, focusing closely on the start-up agencies, tapping customers, relying on the start-up services of the client, which was also the first model of a silver investment association. However, under the Commercial Banking Act, commercial banks in our country are not able to invest directly in equity, nor can they invest directly in private fundraising.
State banks have undertaken a home-grown reform of the Silicon Valley Bank’s lending-association model, which has led to the innovative introduction of loan-associated silver, loan lending, and option lending. Like Silicon Valley Bank, the Hangzhou Bank has recognized digital content and knowledge to improve the availability of business loans.
Intangible assets, such as rights, are the core assets of start-ups, developing forms of pledge, such as intellectual property rights, equity, etc., to address the general lack of collateral in the start-up industry. Technology-based enterprises that support large numbers of start-ups, lack of fixed assets, but lack of core innovation and service capabilities, are developing, for example, through a combination of loan and option lending.
In the early stages, funds were made available to enable the firm to develop its own business.
Guarantee financing. The loan lending operations can be divided into pre-prior lending and post-prior lending: under the pre-prior lending model, the investment agency invests, and the Hangzhou Bank follows up on the loan; under the pre-prior lending model, the Hangzhou Bank lends first, the investment agency invests first, and the enterprise repays the bank loan first.
The Hangzhou Bank generally requires that the maximum amount of credit under this type not exceed 80% of the original (wind) funds actually invested in the borrower by p/vc, and that the loan funds be subject to fiduciary payment supervision, requiring the use of p/vc funds before the loan is disbursed, and then the use of the bank’s loan funds.
Banks use pe/vc's expertise in the business situation of S&T SMEs and their potential for development to effectively control customer access risks and establish a platform for cooperation between banks, pe/vc and S&T SMEs.
It is not limited to integrated financial services, such as investment finance and financial consultants, and therefore has an additional option. This option refers to a third-party right (essentially pe/vc) appointed by Hangzhou Bank to acquire an equity interest in a start-up enterprise under the terms of the agreement (the duration of the agreement, price, share, etc.).
The interest rate of a company’s option business loan is reduced slightly to the characteristics of the right-to-opt business gain.
For example, the Hangzhou Bank, in partnership with Phuhua Capital, promotes the “Five Together” initiative, which includes co-coordination of comparative advantage resources, co-organization of service groups, co-connection of clients, joint visits to small and medium-sized enterprises, co-location finance programmes, etc.
Many of the banks in Hangzhou have received investment from the Pricewater Management Fund, and products have continued to be improved and optimized to provide a life-cycle financing programme for start-ups.
Hangzhou Banking and Finance has continued to explore and innovate over the years, with the creation of the “Creative Gold Engine” service brand, which has led to the initial formation of a “6+1” product system that includes, among other things, loans, mortgages, growth loans, loan loans, mortgages, loans, balconies and options to meet the financing needs of start-ups at different stages of life.
In addition, Hangzhou Bank has been active in providing comprehensive financial services to help enterprises to tap capital markets to achieve rapid growth, such as consulting services such as capital market advisory services, consulting consultants, etc. “Credible credit” focuses on entrepreneurship and lending.
By the end of June 2023, there were more than 500 start-up businesses.
The product is also called a risk-pool loan. It refers to the risk-setting initiative of Hangzhou Bank, in conjunction with the relevant government departments (such as the City, District, County Directorate of Science and Technology, etc.) and guarantee companies (or financial institutions such as insurance companies).
The Bank of Hangzhou, as a risk recovery bond for S&T SMEs to borrow from Hangzhou Bank, expands the loan operations to three mutually recognized S&T SMEs based on the amount of the Risk Pool Fund.
The risk pool loan model brings together government, banks, guarantee companies, etc., to better provide strong financial support to a wide range of small and medium-sized, technologically innovative businesses, based on risk sharing.
The product is a credit loan for high-tech small and medium-sized enterprises and applies to growing enterprises of a certain size. Credit loans amounting to up to $10 million are provided mainly to high-growth firms with income from tax sales of more than $15 million.
The product mainly serves start-up firms that receive investment from specialized investment institutions, makes claims based on an investment perspective, and reduces equity rights for start-ups. “Teal Credit” focuses on disclosure for credit. The product mainly serves new three listed firms or firms.
\triangleright Enterprises that are about to land on the capital market, provide credit or credit liquidity support to businesses, and help them to optimize their debt.
Hangzhou Bank is currently providing a full range of financial services to new three-chamber businesses, from proposed listings to post-soldier processes, from business loans to capital market finance advisers, shareholder executive finance services. “Breaking” focuses on investment management, with a fee-fixing approach.
Investment agencies provide liquidity support, deepen their cooperation with high-quality innovation agencies, and strengthen the venture-making community's “opportunity lending” to match the above-mentioned six products with the growth of their clients.
The multi-product system meets the financing needs of start-ups at different stages.
At the same time, firms usually choose to reduce information asymmetries by selecting firms that already have investment agencies. Enterprises in the development period use a loan-in-aid model that is dominated by a loan-in-kind loan, and to a certain extent addresses the mismatch between the credit risk and the returns of start-up firms.
Client system: Focused industries, refined management of target clients, targeted client group targeting, and focused on eight major industries. Corporate innovation developed the "Creak Business Sub-Clusters."
"New generation information technology, high-end manufacturing, medical health, green double carbon, content recreation, vocational education, competitive sports, new consumption" , 8 level-I and corresponding 46 level-II and more than 280 level-III industries, creating relatively precise industry standards. As of the end of 2022, the "Creative Golden Engine" had accumulated.
In recent years, the Hangzhou Bank has responded positively to the call of the State to continue to deepen its services to “new and specialized” enterprises, of which more than 95 per cent are private and more than 75 per cent are micro-enterprises.
In January 2021, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Industry and Informatics of China issued a joint government report on support to “new and specialized” middle- and middle-year SMEs, which reported that there were more than 70,000 such enterprises. In late 2021, Hangzhou Bank had formed 35 “new and specialized” service teams with more than 120 business cadres, through the designation of team standards.
By the end of June 2023, there were over 3,400 specialized and new companies operating within the company’s services, and more than 88% of the market services were provided by the Hangzhou City Unicorn and quasi-unicorn enterprises.
In terms of customer management, Hangzhou Bank uses a specific customer list system, while developing a growth-based evaluation system to refine client classification and lay the foundation for a structured business logic. The country’s traditional commercial banks rely mostly on microfinance or corporate finance lines, and do not change line-of-line business strategies and operations.
In the context of this model, the Wide Web has built up a pan-business client base, which is then screened through a policy list or a pan-industry determination for differential management. The Hangzhou Bank, for its part, has developed a growth evaluation system for start-ups, which builds on the vast experience of over a decade of thousands of start-ups in information and services.
A five-dimensional evaluation system has been set up for "The Industry+Teamed+Technology+Policy" to create a client tag tree, form a guest portrait, and empower the label with appropriate algorithms to aggregate the client growth evaluation score.