The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center is listed according to the first criterion. The market value is expected to be no less than RMB 1 billion, with a net profit for the last two years.
For a positive and cumulative net profit of not less than RMB 50 million, or a projected market value not less than RMB 1 billion, the net profit of the last year is positive and the operating income is not less than RMB 100 million.
The main products of the project are memory interface chips, the installation of a server cpu, and the blending of safe memory modules. This technology is one of the only two storage interface chips in the world that have been certified by Intel, and one of the few in the country to achieve technological excellence in the storage industry. In 2018, it started.
Technology has a 46% share of the global memory interface chip market, which is equal to that of the international giant, idt. Corporate revenue has grown steadily, and the Māori rate has remained high.
• The memory interface chip technology leads, self-researching architecture becomes an international standard. The company's interior interface chip field has been cultivated for more than a decade, becoming one of the major global providers of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4, and the autonomous Ddr4 full buffer 1+9 architecture has been adopted by jedec as international
Standard. The company has now completed the Ddr5 first-generation engineering chip stream and functional validation, and the indicators match expectations, and is expected to complete the development of the first-generation ddr5 memory interface chip volume by the end of the 20th century. Processors, the Qinghua University Dynamic Security Control Technology (dsc) and the built-in technology memory monitoring technology are real.
The current chip-level real-time security monitoring and control function. The capture server platform is open to domestic and international server oem manufacturers, providing a complete solution based on the release of cpu, which is currently in the market extension phase.
The market size of the x86 server is more than $100 billion, and the future prospects of the server platform are promising. • Profit predictions and valuations. We expect a net return profit of $980 million in 2019, taking into account the historical valuation range of US shareidt and the average pe valuation level of a semiconductor design industry in 2019.
We consider the company ' s pe valuation area to be 35-40x, corresponding to a reasonable market space of $34.339 billion. (1) Memory interface chip: 1) the company ' s memory interface chip business entered a steady supply schedule for 2019-2021. (2) the delivery of the shipment b server platform: 1) 2019, the capture server platform has not yet been produced in volume, but only on a small scale for delivery.
Tests, thus assuming a growth rate of about 20 per cent, the Māori rate remains unchanged; (2) The company is projected to be (1) a global memory interface chip lead business in 2020-2021, with a global market share of more than 40 per cent in 2018, with a split with the United States industry giant, idt:
(2) The company's memory interface chip technology is leading, and is one of the only two providers of memory interfaces certified through Intel globally whose autonomous ddr4 full buffer "1+9" architecture has been adopted by jedec as an international standard; (1) the storage market has continued to grow steadily, and the ddr5 memory interface chip is expected to yield in 2021.
At that time, the company will enter a full order period, which will lead to a substantial increase in the volume of the memory interface chip; (2) According to the latest USF data, the dram fell in the first half of the 19th half of the year by far less than 18 years, with limits on the decline, while the supply chain stock was improved and dram prices were expected to stabilize by the end of the 19th and are expected to move up the road.
Space, bringing new market increases to the company's memory interface chips; (3) the Jin Seok server platform, developed in collaboration with Intel and Qinghua University, is in the market extension phase, chip-level security, surveillance technology will be widely used in cloud computing and big data servers, and a new camp will be opened for the company at that time.
(2) The use of the pe valuation method is more appropriate because of the high industry relevance characteristics of the chip design enterprise and the high referenceability of the pe valuation; (1) the risk of less than expected development inputs and technological breakthroughs of the memory interface ddr5 generation product.idt and the company
Both are in the process of developing ddr5 memory interface chips, and if the company were to take the lead in achieving a technological breakthrough, the rate of growth in the memory interface chip camp would be considerable in the generation, whereas, conversely, the performance of the collection would be pressured; (2) the downstream market will require less than expected the memory interface chips and the Quickway server platform.
The interface chip downstream is a dram manufacturer, and in the dram market, the tristar electron, Hercules and Light markets account for more than 90%. In the first quarter of 2019, all three of them experienced a drop of 20%, which could have a negative impact on the sale of corporate memory interface chips.
There is some uncertainty about the market extension; (3) the risk that the intel will influence the supply and pricing of the product as a server platform provider.
Ninety per cent of the total cost may have a greater impact on product pricing.1 The global memory interface chip lead 1.1 shares are fragmented, intel, three-star equity companies
Science is a global core of memory interfaces. The company’s main business is to offer chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence. The main products are currently memory interface chips, velocity server cpu, and a blend of safe memory modules.
In 2004, there was a limited start to science and technology. In 2013, the Montagegroup was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange market. In 2014, Shanghai Tech Investment Ltd. launched a privatization offer to the Montagegroup, and made a full buyout. In November of the same year, stocks withdrew from NASDAQ, and privatization was completed.
In April 2018, Montagehk (a new shareholder after the 2016 Technology Replenishment) transferred a limited 83.8% of its shareholdings to China and China.
In April 2019, the technology went up and submitted a letter of offer, which created a fragmented system of ownership, with no more than 20% of shareholders. On April 26, 2018, the board of directors decided to transfer a limited 83.8% of the equity held by the shareholder through a montagehk.
After 39 domestic and foreign subjects, including core power, wlt, all shareholders are not in a position to control more than half of the voting power of the shareholders’ assembly alone, or more than half of the members of the board of directors alone, and the company cannot control the company alone. At the same time, there is no relationship or concerted action between the shareholders, except those that some of the shareholders have already disclosed in the statement of incorporation.
Intel subscribes to 100 million new shares in November 2018, making it the company’s second largest shareholder. Intelcapital (the real control is Intel Corporation) subscribes to 100 million new shares at $180 million and svicno.28 investmentsment (the actual control is Samsung Electronic) subscribes to 11.3 million new shares at $14.5 million.
The company held 10 per cent of its shares and became the company's second largest shareholder, with the three star electronics holding 1.1 per cent of its shares.
In 2016, technology worked with Qinghua University and Intel to develop the Qin Quick Server platform, which was successfully developed at the end of 2018 and was successfully developed in 2019.
In addition, technology plans to develop artificial intelligence chips. At present, the technology is generating two kinds of business: a memory interface chip and a snag server platform. Until 2017, the company’s product also included consumer electronic chip operations.
Chips and w-fi chips. The ceremonial chip provides an overall solution for the ceremonial capbox, including the modem, decoder and decoder soc, a complete set of chip and custom-made software for the client, which supports the application of cable, satellite, and terrestrial digital television topboxes. The w-fi chip is mainly used for wwi-fi wireless connections. In 2017, the company concentrated resources to develop memory interface chips and a catch server flat.
Figure 3: Corporate business adjustments map 1.3 Memory interface chip support collection, financial indicators are more robust
Corporate operating income grew at a high and relatively stable rate. From 2016 to 2018, companies achieved 840 million operating income, and net profit returns were raised at $390 million per year, or 110 per cent per year.
The main business was 99.8 per cent, 94.1 per cent and 100 per cent, respectively, in which the corporate memory interface chip income was higher than the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate respectively. The combined Māori rate and net interest rate increased further to 70.5 per cent in 2016 and 2017, and the net interest rate was 41.9 per cent for both reasons.
The average unit price of the interface chip product increased between 2016 and 2018; second, the company removed the negative consumption of the electronic chip business in 2017, resulting in a significantly higher rate of Maori in 2018 than in the previous year. The net interest rate of the company grew faster and the cost of development decreased, from 23.5 per cent, 15.3 per cent and 15.7 per cent, respectively, between 2016 and 2018.
The increase in the three rates is mainly due to the increase in sales commissions and the increase in remuneration and benefits of employees as a result of the company ' s better performance in 2018.R & D costs fell slightly in the year from 2016, mainly because of the transfer of assets from the consumer chip business in 2017.
Research and development costs increased in 2018 over 2017, mainly because of the growth in the company’s R & D sector and the higher performance of the company in that year, which led to an increase in employee remuneration. The rapid growth in operating income, the decline in R & D costs as a proportion of the cost, but the growth in R & D costs of science and technology has largely continued.
The memory interface chip is a global leader, with the " 1+9 " architecture becoming international standard 2.1. The memory interface chip is the bridge linking cpu to dram. The memory interface chip is the core device of the memory module (also known as the memory bar).
The main role is to increase the speed and stability of memory data access to meet the growing high performance and high capacity needs of the server cpu over memory modules. The memory interface chip should be applied to the server memory bar, following the technical standards of the memory interface for the classification of products by technology, mainly jedec (the global microelectronics industry leadership standard agency).
The technical barriers to memory interface chips are in the certification of downstream cpu and memory manufacturers. The memory interface chips need to be matched to the various memory particles and memory modules produced by the memory manufacturers and used through the server cpu, memory and oem.
The full range of their functions and performances (such as stability, speed of operation, power consumption, etc.) is strictly certified in order to enter a large-scale commercial phase. Therefore, the development of such products not only captures the core technical difficulties of the memory interface, but also cuts across server ecosystems from ddr2 to ddr4, where industry concentration is increasing.
This has led to the entry of a large number of major industry producers at the beginning of the industry, with more than 10 industry participants in the ddr2 phase, including TNT, Intel, Siemens, Inphi, Incubation Technology, idt, etc. The concentration of the industry has gradually increased as the technology of memory interface chips and industry refinement requirements have increased. By the ddr3 stage, the main industry players were identified.
There has been a significant decline, including Texas instruments, inphi, idt, technology, Rambus, and so on. At the ddr4 stage, three companies are the main ones that are currently developing and producing a mass server-based interface chip on a global scale, idt and Rambus, respectively.
Between 2016 and 2018, the global market for memory interface chips was about $280 million, $380 million and $570 million. In 2018, technology accounted for more than 40 per cent of the market share and split it with idt. Rambus markets accounted for a smaller share, with technology and idt lagging behind in Ddr5.
2.2 The memory interface has a significant income, gen 2.0-volume increase, and the company has a leading memory interface technology, one of the two global manufacturers certified as memory interface chips. The company has been deep-deep in the internal memory chip area for more than a decade, making it a global full buffer/semi-buffer solution from ddr2 to ddr4
In addition, the company and idt are the only two ddr4 memory interface chips in the world certified by cpu, memory suppliers, and server manufacturers. The ddr4 complete buffer of technology innovation has been adopted by jedec as an international standard.
ddr4 completely buffered the "1+9" architecture, breaking through the centralized architecture design of ddr2, ddr3, innovatively employing a sender deposit controller at the core and a distribution structure layout of the 9 data buffer control chip, significantly reducing loads between cpu and dram particles, reducing signal transmission losses, and resolving the contradiction between the large capacity of the memory subsystem and the high speed.
The building was adopted as an international standard by jedec (the leading standard agency in the global microelectronics industry), whose products have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing fields and occupy a major share of the global market. 1 sent-in clock-drive chip (rcd)
The ddr4 full buffer "1+9" architecture was adopted by jedec (the leading standard agency in the global microelectronics industry) as an international standard ddr5, with expected output of 2021-2022. In 2018, technology triggered a ddr5 memory.
Engineering chip development for the mouth chip. The engineering chip flow and functional validation have been completed and the indicators and functions are in line with expectations. gen1.0dddr5 is in the design optimization phase of the clock drive and the data buffer chip, which can be applied in the future to ddr5rdimm and lrdim, which meets the jedecddddr5 criteria, with a support rate of up to 4,800 mt/s.
In the future, technology will update the core in accordance with the full specification book organized by Jedec for the subsequent roll-out of the ddr5 memory interface. The memory interface chip contributed the bulk of the revenue. From 2016 to 2018, the corporate memory interface chip achieved sales revenue. The annual and 2018 share of the interface chip revenue increased by 67.4 per cent and 87.1 per cent, respectively, mainly from higher unit prices.
Ddr4gen 2.0 memory interface chips have been widely recognized by clients, and sales have increased significantly. The memory interface chip is the company’s main product, and growth in operating income has strongly contributed to a significant increase in corporate business income.
Over the life cycle of a specific product of a generation of memory interface chips, sales unit prices have been gradually reduced: however, as technology has evolved, new products will be sold at higher prices due to technological advances, resulting in a steady increase in average sales of memory interface chip products, thus contributing to an annual increase in the Māori rate of corporate memory interface chips.
The share of memory interface chips in the total sale of memory interface chips for three years was 0 per cent, 2.1 per cent, 98 per cent and the ratio of sales money was 0 per cent, 2.6 per cent and 97.4 per cent respectively.
A high-performance, secure and credible server platform. The server platform consists mainly of a high-speed series of science servers, cpu, and a hybrid security memory module with autonomous intellectual property rights, combining the Intelb to strong bx86 processor, the dynamic security monitoring technology (dsc) at Qinghua University, and the memory monitoring of technology.
(mont-icmt) Technology, which seeks to safeguard server data security at the hardware level. The platform also integrates advanced asymmetric computing and interconnection technology that can provide a powerful combination of data processing and computing of applications in the big data and artificial intelligence age.
(montage, insption&controlonmorytransfic) memory monitoring techniques can provide a more secure and reliable memory solution for high-end server platforms. At present, technology has launched two sets of hybrid safe memory modules: a standard-based mix of security memory modules (hsdimm): and a streamlined version of a hybrid security memory module (hsdimm-lite), which can be used as a tool for generating a combination of security memory modules.
Different applications provide different levels of data security solutions. cpu is the result of a tripartite partnership. It is a series of x86 architecture processors with pre-detection and dynamic security monitoring features, applicable to capture or other common server platforms, that have been introduced by technology since 2016.
In collaboration with Qinghua University and Intel. Jincpu, based on the Intel X86 processor, assembled the dsc technology of Qinghua University, which combines the hybrid safe memory module (hsdimm) of technology to form a platform for arrest services to provide a chip-grade dynamic security monitoring function for cloud computing servers. In addition, Xincpu integrated advanced features.
The symmetric computing and interconnectivity technology can provide a powerful combination of data processing and computing for future artificial intelligence and big data applications.
Companies are market-oriented and have no competitive relationship with Intel partners. The core function provided by the capture server cpu is pre-screening and dynamic security monitoring, while supporting decryption of algorithms, credible start-up, etc.
The cloud computing indirectly drives up demand and technology for x86 servers. The cloud computing service expands and drives the bottom cloud base.
In addition, cloud computing has significantly increased the market entry threshold for data centres and accelerated market concentration. As cloud computing has become a major demand side for data centres, cloud computing firms, for business needs, operations management, etc., want to use megascales.
From 2012 to 2017, the size of our server market increased. In 2017, the size of our server market reached $61.95 billion, a 20 per cent increase over the previous year.
At the end of 2018, the cpu platform was successfully developed, and now has a series of large-scale supply capabilities. Currently, well-known servers such as conjectures, New Hluttaw, Wall, Boudreau, etc. have adopted a series of high-performance and secure systems solutions.
Server type for monitoring functions. (1) Memory interface chip: According to the company ' s product development history, the life cycle of each sub-generation is about three years, during which the rate of increase in product sales and the unit price of sales will be reduced each year until the next generation appears. 2017-2018
The company ' s sales of ddr4gen2.0 products have gone through a period of growth, market space has been fully released, and the new generation of ddr5 products is expected to be produced only after 2021, so the company ' s memory interface chip business for 2019-2021 (2) builds server platforms: in 2019, the capture server platform has not yet been produced and only small-scale deliveries are available for testing.
As a result, it is assumed that its revenue growth rate is about 20 per cent and the Māori rate remains unchanged; for 2020-2021, it is expected that the yield of server chips will be compared with the valuation of industry companies abroad: there are currently only three global producers engaged in memory interface chip operations, each contributing to technology, idt and Rambus.
Rambus, a design firm for high-level Led lighting equipment and monitors in a major United States battalion, had less than 10 per cent of the interface chip market in 2018, had less than 15 per cent of the total revenue, and therefore could not be an idt company in the United States providing a combination signal semiconductor solution, with an approximate share of the interface chip market in 2018.
50%, equal to the technology market, and its memory interface chip business accounts for more than 30% of total revenue, so we think that the idt valuations have some value for technology. We picked out the idt dynamic pe from March 2015 to March 2019.
We found that 80% of the samples were between 20 and 35x during the period under observation, and that because idt was listed in the United States stock market, we could not directly match the technology. We looked at the Philadelphia semiconductor index p and the Shinwan index semiconductor p for 2000-2018, and found that the former was significantly lower than the latter because the American semiconductor industry was already involved.
As the semiconductor industry moves into maturity, the average value of a semiconductor is higher than the American semiconductor. For prudence, we believe that the technologically reasonable pe range should be properly higher than the idt pe range, and that the Intel and Samsung replenishments: On November 23, 2018, Intel offered $178 million at a price.
With 100 million new shares in technology, three stars for $190 million at a price of $19 million, and a 17.2-fold market gain on corporate net profits in 2018. Since Intel is the supplier of generic cpu for corporate capture servers, three stars are important downstream clients of corporate memory interface chips, and therefore we believe that the replenishment is a strategic partnership with the company.
The valuation level does not accurately reflect the company’s intrinsic value. Domestic firms compare with industry’s valuations: a share is currently completely business-and-product-friendly, so we're going to mark a share of a semiconductor design.
Eight companies, such as CBS, value technology as comparable companies. At present, nine of the comparable a-stock listings averaged 41.5 x per cent in 19 years. Of the nine companies selected, the lower number of pes (p19x) and pe averaged 37.2x per year. The value range for the domestic industry is 37.2-41.5x.
Taking into account the valuation space of idt and the average valuation level of a semiconductor design enterprise, we believe that the reasonable range of annual market value of technology is $34.339.2 billion, assuming that the total equity share after issuance is 1,130 million shares, thus obtaining corporate convergence, the risk of missing research and development inputs and technological breakthroughs for the memory interface ddr5 generation.
The Division is in the process of developing the ddr5 memory interface chip, and if the company takes the lead in achieving a technological breakthrough, the rate of growth in the memory interface chip camp will be significant for the generation, and vice versa; downstream markets will need less than expected for the memory interface chip and the Jin seizure server platform.
In the Dram market, the bottom of the interface is a dram manufacturer, with three-star electronics, Hercules and the United States of America accounting for more than 90 per cent. In the first quarter of 2019, all three manufacturers experienced a drop of up to 20 per cent, which could have a negative impact on the sale of the company's memory interface chips.
There is some uncertainty about the pace of development and market diffusion: Intel is a server platform provider to influence the risk of product supply and pricing.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.