Global supplier of scarce memory interface chips: company deep-dry memory interface chip technology, current
It has become one of the leading players in the global memory interface chip field, offering full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4. Companies focus on innovation, high performance of memory interface chip products, rapid technology overlap, and significant market competitive advantages.
A leading market share and a prominent leader in the deep-in interface chip market has benefited from an explosion of demand from the memory interface, and industry has benefited fully: the benefits have been derived from the global data burst growth and the high demand in the cloud computing market, which has led to the emergence of servers.
The company’s internal buffer chip product has good prospects for application in the apparel market, and the technical barriers to the product are high.
By virtue of their superior product competitiveness, companies have established a leading industry and are expected to continue to focus on technological upgrading and innovation in the future.
The expansion of server chip product lines, the mobilization of funds for research and development to capture server platform products, and the deployment of a fully controlled and credible server platform market are expected to further enhance the company’s market competitiveness and share in the server chip market. In addition, corporate layout of artificial intelligence chips is expected to play a role in long-term growth.
As the project moves forward, the company’s future product structure will be further enriched and refined, and it is expected that the firm’s core competitiveness will be fully enhanced.  Profit forecasting and investment proposals: to benefit from the continued growth of the global server market, the company’s memory
The interface chip business is expected to remain high, the company's server cpu and mixed security memory module is expected to benefit in the future from the growth of self-controllable demand, and the company takes advantage of the aggressive use of investment funds and other products to be competitive in the market, leading the market share, while the active layout of the server cpu and
Combining safe memory module products, server cpu replacing national production with mixed secure memory module wide, with sufficient dynamic growth in the performance of companies, taking into account the value premium of the venture board, building on technology: a global supplier of scarce memory interface chips
The global buffer “1+9” architecture has been adopted as an international standard by Jedec, the leading standard agency in the global micro-electronics industry, and the products in question have successfully entered the mainstream international memory, server and cloud computing fields and occupy a major share of the global market.
The company ' s products consist mainly of memory interface chips, as well as the capture server cpu and the mixed security memory module, in addition to which the company has accumulated in the consumption of electronic chips. 1) memory interface chip products
Memory is a component that is directly accessible by cpu and operated by data access and program. The memory interface chip is the core logical device for the server memory module. The main function is to increase the speed and stability of access to the memory data and to meet the growing high performance and high capacity requirements of the server cpu for the memory module.
Figure 2: The workings of memory interface chips are illustrated by the company's long-term commitment to provide a high-performance memory interface solution for a new generation of server platforms with high-speed, low-capacity technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights that fully meet jedec standards and memory technology.
Developments have led to the introduction of a series of memory interface chips such as a high-level ddr2 memory buffer, a dddr3 deposit buffer and a memory buffer, a ddr4 deposit clock drive and a data buffer.rdimm (sending double-column straight-in-in-the-box module) and lrdim (reduced double-in-the-box memory module), as described above.
The ddr memory interface chip has successfully entered the international mainstream memory server and cloud computing field, and occupies the global city 2) The capture server platform product consists mainly of the Jin capture server cpu and the mixed security memory module (hsdimm) cpu series is a x86 architecture processor with pre-detection and dynamic security monitoring functions. cpu
On the basis of the Intel Standard to Power Processor, the dsc technology of the University of Qinghua has been built to perform high-speed i/o tags, memory access tracers, cpu behavioral surveillance functions. At the same time, Jincpu can also perform assigned computing tasks, such as encryption calculations, through built-in or extra-positioned partition engines, thereby contributing to China's punctuity.
The dynamic data centre market provides a more secure and reliable server platform solution. Figure 5: The capture of a series of cpu mixed security memory module hsdimmmgy added to the jedecdddr4lrdim architecture
The RAM function allows live monitoring of command/address signals and interactive data from memory controllers and provides servers with more reliable data security options.
High-security data centres are demanding information security. Currently, well-known domestic server manufacturers have launched products to support the capture of cpu. In addition, the Wall has adopted the capture of cpu and its system solutions and has invested in the development of high-performance, secure server products.
cpu currently accounts for a relatively small share of corporate revenue, but reflects the firm ' s deep technical merit. Figure 6: Mixed security memory module (hsdimm institutes) 1.2. Clarity of corporate equity structure
The company’s equity structure is clear, and the first major shareholder after issuance holds 14.31% of the company’s shares.
The company ' s operating income in 2018 was 1.758 billion yuan, an increase of 43.19 per cent over the same period, and its net return to the mother was 737 million yuan, an increase of 112.41 per cent over the same period, all of which was historically high. The main reason was the continued growth in market demand for global memory interface chips and the increasing competitive advantage of company products at the same time, which led to a further increase in the company ' s share in the global internal memory interface chip market.
By sub-product, the company’s main business was prominent, with the interface chip business generating an operating income of $1,749 million in 2018, an increase of 87.09 per cent over the previous year, raising its share of total revenue to 99.49 per cent. With the global data centre server memory market,
The demand has continued to grow, and the company has achieved a rapid increase in the sale of memory interface chips, thanks to the technological sophistication and reliability of the ddr4 interface chips. In 2018, the capture of server platform operating revenues of $9.01 million, an increase of 18.64 per cent, and 0.51 per cent in revenue collection, was expected to rise.
The main reason is that product structure optimization has led to higher profitability, with companies displacing less-than-rich consumer e-business in 2017, while increasing the value of corporate memory chip monoliths has also contributed to improved profitability. The Department focuses on technological innovation, and the market competitive advantages of the products in question are significant, and will continue to be driven by companies to upgrade their products in the future.
The company’s founding team has a strong industrial background, which provides a good basis for the company’s advanced farming and construction of an industrial talent ladder in the area of product technology. The company’s chairman, Yang Chong, and Dr. Dr. Yang have been working on chip design in the United States semiconductor.
Elected in 2010, ieefelllow; Managing Director Stephenkuong-iotai, with 25 years of semiconductor architecture, design and engineering management experience, participated in the creation of the marvell Group and served as the company ' s research and development director. The core team has been stable since its inception, providing guarantees for its sound operation.
Companies have traditionally focused on R & D inputs in order to maintain their forward-looking, leading and core competitive advantages in technology. From a staffing structure, the company ' s R & D staff accounted for 70.98%, providing an important talent base for continuous product innovation by companies. In terms of R & D costs, the company ' s R & D share has remained above 15% in recent years, with research in 2017.
The decrease is mainly due to the fact that the removal of consumer electronic chips has led to a reduction in the phasing of company R & D personnel, which recovered in 2018 from 2017, and that sustained R & D inputs are key to maintaining and expanding the company’s core competitiveness.
The semiconductor chip product can be divided into two broad categories of integrated circuits, osd, by type, and according to wsts, the largest of the semiconductor chip is the integrated circuit chip, which grew by 24 per cent in 2017 and reached $343.2 billion.
Numerical, or 83 per cent of the semiconductor chip market, the Osd market (known jointly as optical electronic devices, sensors, separation devices) was $60.9 billion in 2017, or about 17 per cent.Integration circuits, by function, can be divided into four main categories: analog chip, microprocessor, logical chip and storage.
The main functions of the four types of chip are shown in the table below: the size of the storage chip market in 2017 was $124 billion, an increase of 61.5 per cent, and a leap beyond the logical chip became the first industry with 36 per cent of the market share of the integrated circuit. The size of the logical chip market was $102.2 billion.
The market size of microprocessors and simulation chips is $64 billion and $53.1 billion, respectively, and their share in the integrated circuit market is 19% and 15%, respectively. Smart phones, pc, and 4k TV and data centres raise storage needs, and storage chips are increasingly needed.
According to data from the Chinese storage network, the combined annual growth rate in the global RAM market was about 8.4 per cent between 2018 and 2025, which will reach $27.6 billion by 2025. Moreover, according to Yole, between 2016 and 2022, the dram capacity per smart cell phone will increase threefold, the size of the Nand storage capacity will increase more than fivefold, and the server storage capacity will increase more than five times.
The memory is now dominated by dram and nadflash, the global market is highly concentrated, with the giants of Samsung, Hercules, Light and Light taking the majority of the market share. In the first quarter of 2019, the three stars, Light and Hercules together accounted for the bulk of the market share.
2.2. In the era of global data explosions, cloud computing has generated server demand, accompanied by rapid developments in information technology such as big data, physical networking, artificial intelligence and traditional industry figures in recent years.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, global data will reach nearly 50 zb in 2020, an increase of 31.58 per cent over the same period. The explosive growth in data has driven the continued demand for global cloud computing, which, according to gartner data, was about $3.5 trillion in 2017, while cloud computing markets are full.
In 2017, the global cloud computing scale will reach $26.2 billion, projected to reach $411.4 billion by 2020, and a compound growth rate of 16.50% between 2017 and 2020. The cloud computing service scale will lead to bottom cloud infrastructure and upper layers.
The development of industry-related applications in specific cloud industries, especially the need to sustain demand for data centres worldwide, has played a crucial role. The data centres serve as the physical basis for cloud computing, with a global data centre market model of $53.47 billion in 2017, and global market growth has remained at around 15-20% over the past three years, with industry growing significantly.
Figure 20: Changes in the size of the global cloud computing market Figure 21: Changes in the size of the global idc market
The share was 30.3 per cent, and the third Western European share was 15.8 per cent, but at the rate of growth, the Asia-Pacific region had the greatest growth potential, growing by more than 30 per cent for the third year in a row, with the most rapid growth in China and India, leading the world to a new generation of infrastructure.
The size of the country ' s idc market was close to $95 billion in 2017, with an increase of about 40 per cent over the past three years, significantly above the global average. The domestic idc market reached 119 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of about 27 per cent compared to the previous 27 per cent, benefiting from the continued explosion in the country ' s online data volume and the high state of the cloud computing industry.
The Neidc market will continue its strong growth momentum in the future, with product patterns and market patterns expected to move rapidly towards the Euro-American market. Figure 22: Global cloud computing market share in 2017 benefits from the increasing capacity of server data storage, resulting in an increase in the number of RAMs in server configurations.
In 2016, the global memory chip market was less than $300 million, and is expected to grow rapidly to around $570 million in 2018. 2.3. China’s cloud computing server market is growing rapidly.
China’s server market is expected to maintain its rapid growth momentum in the future. The country is making great efforts to build information in China’s 2025, smart government, smart transportation, smart medicine, smart power grids, etc. From the Internet to the ai+, there is a growing demand for products and services that use advanced technology such as cloud computing, big data, ai, etc.
The market for server products is booming. According to Sadie's consultant, in 2017, the market for servers in China was 28,81 million, with sales reaching 10,000, representing 99.1% of the total market for servers in China and 59,190 million yuan for servers in x86 and China.
With 88.5 per cent of total server sales, the x86 server has become the mainstream of current market applications and dominates the market.
The integrated circuit design industry is a technology-intensive industry, and the memory interface chip has a higher technical threshold. The memory interface chip has been developed to address the problem that server cpu’s high processing speed does not match the memory storage speed, and the product area has good prospects for development, thus attracting a large number of industry major producers at the beginning of the industry.
With the development of memory interface chip technology and the demand for a more refined division of labour, industry concentration has gradually increased, and by the ddr3 stage, there has been a marked decline in the number of key industry participants.
The technology-driven features have made the company out of intense competition, with the company’s memory interface chip operations in 2018 being measured at nearly half the market share of the company’s memory interface chips, establishing a leading industry position.
Founded in 1980 and based in the United States, idt is a company that provides integrated signal semiconductor solutions for the communications, computer and consumer industries. idt provides ddr3 and ddr4lrdim storage interface solutions, serialrapio, pciexpress & network bridges, signal integrity products and power management solutions
Programme to meet the needs of enterprise server applications. Idt earned $794 million in 2017, an increase of 7.15 per cent in the same year, net profit - $251.8 million, a decrease of 101.84 per cent in the same year.Rambus, established in 1990 and based in the United States, is a technology solutions research and development company, and refers to it at the same time.
Products and services in the field of safe research and development, advanced-led lighting and displays, and virtual mobile media. Since its inception, Rambus has been working on the development of high-end storage products, which are currently used for high-performance personal computers, graphics work.
From the point of view of revenue and net profits, the growth in performance, which began in 2016, was counterproductive for idt and Rambus, after which the size of the company’s revenue collection and profit scale grew, building on the advantages of the size of idt and rambus. The main reason was the company’s continuous research and development investment and innovation in the interior interface chip area, on the one hand, the company’s products.
On the other hand, it was launched in May. The competitive advantage of product performance and the pre-emptive advantage of product layout enabled firms to quickly capture market shares in the market, thereby creating a large-scale effect and a favourable position in the market.
In terms of profitability, the company’s profitability has continued to rise relative to that of idt and Rambus. The main reason is that the company has improved the layout of the interface chip at the high end and the product rotation, significantly optimizing the structure of the company’s products.
cpu, which is also based on the capture of cpu and the company's mixed security memory module, has launched the ZIP platform product. As a high-performance, secure, controlled and credible server platform, the capture has achieved a chip-level real-time security monitoring function that applies to data centres with higher security requirements. The ZIM server platform also integrates advanced isomer computing and interconnection techniques.
The series was successfully developed in 2018 and is now in the market extension phase. Currently, the domestic production rate of server chips is still low, and server chips are autonomously controlled for national information security.
It's all very significant, and in the long run, the trend towards nationalization of the potential server chip from the capture server platform is becoming a corporate business, focusing on technological upgrading and innovation, raising investment projects to strengthen the firm's core competitiveness.
The Ministry invested some 2.3 billion in projects related to the main business, including the new generation of memory interface chip development and industrialization projects, the catcher cpu and its platform technology upgrade project, and the artificial intelligence chip development project. As the volume of products stored in ddr5 is on schedule, there is an urgent need for interface chips for the new generation of memory products.
The Division's new generation of memory interface chip development and industrialization project focuses on the development of ddr5 memory interface chips, and, if the project goes forward, the company is expected to take advantage of the pre-existing advantages of the re-generation of memory chip products and take advantage of market opportunities to increase the competitiveness of products that are stronger in the next generation of memory interface chip markets and to further enhance market share.
In addition, technological upgrades to capture server cpu and its platform will allow companies to better contribute to the cloud computing era, high-performance, high-security server cpu and its platform products, and the artificial intelligence chip development project will focus on the needs of clients, targeting industrial development and storing new business growth points for companies.
The product structure will be further enriched and refined, with the expectation of overall improvement in the enterprise’s core competitiveness.
2) Secrecy Server Platform: The company has launched the Seclerator Platform for high-performance, high-security server application needs, which is expected to grow at a high rate in the future as the demand for server platform products in the information security area increases. The business is expected to generate 0.18/0.34/062 million dollars between 2019 and 2020, a year-on-year increase.
With the continued growth of the global server market, the company’s memory interface chip business is expected to remain high, the company’s server cpu and mixed security memory modules are expected to benefit in the future from the growth of self-controlled demand, and the Division’s use of investment funds for the active deployment of artificial intelligence is expected. The company’s return is expected to take place in 2019-2021.
When the product market is competitive and the market share leads, while the active layout of the server cpu and the mixed safe memory model group products, the server cpu and the mixed safe memory module have a wide alternative to national production and the company’s performance is growing dynamically, taking into account the value premium of the company’s valuation, we believe that the company’s reasonable valuation level is about 50 times higher.
(Total market value, collection data updated to 17 July 2019; all other company eps and pe data, except for technology, are derived from a consistent wind expectation),1 and global server market demand is lower than expected: corporate products are mainly used in server markets, and if global service providers are delivered and market size increases are lower than expected, they will have a negative impact on the sale of corporate products.
2. Unexpected roll-out of new products: high entry thresholds for the memory interface industry, high R & D inputs, high technology development difficulties, and the size and speed of core business collection may be affected if new generation R & D is not as advanced as expected.3 Prices of memory interface products decline: companies collect mainly from memory interface chips, if the market competes
Changes in the environment, resulting in lower unit prices for products, will have a negative impact on the profitability of companies.4 The risk of increased friction in Central America’s trade: the United States is one of the major export markets for companies, and increased friction in Central America could affect their export operations.
(Remark: ps, bps in the financial forecast form calculated using post-issue equity and valuation data calculated using issue price)