The lead manufacturer of the global memory interface chip, the core supplier of the global memory interface, and the scarcity of domestic capital markets: corporate ownership is memory control.
The design and marketing of the chip, the main manufacturers on the global market, now include idt, stubble technology, and Rambus, both of which account for a core share. The memory control chip is a core component of the high-efficiency speed of reading, writing, and transmitting of the memory data, with high demands on the technical development of the product, on the one hand, and on the other hand.
There is also a need to maintain long-term cooperative development and co-promotion links with downstream phantom manufacturers and upstream granule producers, with high barriers to technology and cooperation forming the core competitiveness of companies. From domestic capital markets,
The company is competitive and scarce in the global storage industry. The product has been expanded to cpu, and the national production layout has continued: since 2016, the technology, Intel, and Qinghua have been working together to develop a set of servers, cpu, based on x86 core structures.
cpu and a combination of safe memory modules with science and technology have built up the ZIMS server platform, a high-performance Ann China Electronic Investment Holdings Ltd. fully-controlled and credible server platform, especially for data centres with high data security requirements.
The demand for continued expansion of the domestic server industry in firms and cloud computing service providers, as well as domestic information security from capitial (cayman)corpation upgrades that the company is expected to benefit fully from the effective drivers of the domestic market to obtain output volumes in the domestic market
(b) Effective upgrading of the capacity to make profits. (Limited equity investment partnership in Pearlhai (limited)
• Raise funds to further advance R & D capabilities, to expand niche areas and to develop new applications: through the Shanghai Investment Partnership (SIG) Unit, the company intends to mobilize major inputs into three R & D and technology upgrading projects, including the development of a new generation of memory interface chips
Chinese Securities and Investment Ltd. issues, Xin Quick upgrades of the server cpu, and research and development of artificial intelligence chips.
While raising funds to expand the technical and competitive capabilities of the existing memory interface chip, it also benefits from the aggressive investment partnerships (limited partnerships) actively developing product lines and technological power solutions for new products, including cpu, artificial intelligence chips, and so on.
Kim Seok-seok's equity investment partnership.
Dollars (total equity according to total equity before issuance). Depending on a share, you can compare pe (dynamic and static), ps (ttm) and pb to listed companies, taking into account the acquisition projects of major competitors, I, Song Yi,
Not as much as it is expected to influence the expansion of new products: the risk that the supply of upstream surrogates and sealing capacity will affect the company’s delivery of goods. In 2004, the company focused on server chip collars since 2007, and the main products now include memory interface chips, zirconcpu, and hybrid safe storage modules.
The company was established in 2004 by the Montagegroup, a sole proprietor of foreign companies; the monthly company of Montagegroup was converted into a joint venture between China and China with a replenishment: in May 2018, the company transferred shares and dismantled the offshore structure: October 2018
In 2017, management and shareholders decided to focus limitedly on the server chip area and on the consumer chip.
In the field, companies no longer sell and develop consumer electronic chips after August 2017, and by the date of the company ' s signing of the offer statement (registration draft), the company ' s first shareholder was 15.9 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, with the company ' s equity structure fragmented, with no controlling shareholders or actual controllers.
The company owns three wholly-owned subsidiaries in the country and five wholly-owned subsidiaries abroad.
Trading. Expatriate wholly-owned subsidiaries: with Cayman as a holding platform for offshore companies, net profits of $99.97 million in 2018: net annual profits of $83.5788 million. Companies provide chip-based solutions mainly in the areas of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the main products now include memory links.
Since its inception, the company has adopted the Fables business model, with the main crystal-crystal manufacturing plants being Fuston Electronics, desktop power, etc., and the main containment testing plants being Stargrims, silicon technology, etc. Memory interface chips: more than a decade of deep farming, providing full buffer/semi-buffer complete solutions from ddr2 to ddr4.
The company’s products have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server, and cloud computing fields, taking up a major share of the global market.
The company successfully launched its first generation at the end of 2018. The company's main clients are Fuchang Electronics, Hercules, Hyde Semiconductor, Kingston, Cheno Technologies, Samsung Electronics, Middle Electrics.
Corporate client concentration is high, with 90.10 per cent of the top five clients contributing in 2018, mainly because of the higher concentration of downstream industries. The unit price for sales is decreasing over the life cycle of a particular product generation of memory interface chips; however, as technology evolves, it is new.
The average unit price of the RAM chip product will increase steadily during the reporting period, as prices will increase as a result of technological advances. Corporate operating income will continue to grow steadily and rapidly, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the number of new data centres, driven by the spread of new information technologies, such as networking, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, etc.
Corporate Māori rates are mainly affected by price changes in memory interface chips, with Māori chips at 63.0 per cent, 65.8 per cent and 70.8 per cent in 2016-2018, respectively, increasing as product prices rise, and contributing to a relatively stable overall Māori rate for companies, with R&D costs below the income scale.
The volume of R & D investment in 2018 was $277 million, representing a share of operating income, mainly into three R & D and technology upgrading projects, including the development of a new generation of memory interface chips, the upgrading of the server cpu, and the development of artificial intelligence chips.
In terms of the expected input from corporate fund-raising, it continues to expand around its main industry, which includes memory control chips, cpu platforms, while artificial intelligence products are the future direction of the company’s research and development. The company is in the semiconductor integrated circuit industry, which is part of the semiconductor storage industry by product classification, with the main downstream response.
In markets such as servers, pc. The company is classified by business model as an integrated circuit design sub-block, produced and manufactured after outsourcing to surrogate plants and encapsulation testing plants, and the firm ' s fixed assets are relatively small. For future development expectations, we believe that the company is still largely affected by the cyclical changes in the global semiconductor industry, particularly in its memory needs, and that the chip is autonomous in the country.
In a controlled environment, companies, as manufacturers with core autonomous technologies, would also be effectively supported by industrial policies, leading to a more (i) integrated circuit industry analysis, which, according to the American Semiconductor Industry Association, had a global integrated circuit industry of $412.2 billion in 2017, an increase of the same amount.
The semiconductor market grew by 35% in the United States, making it the fastest growing part of the global semiconductor market: 17.1% in Europe: 13.3% in Japan: 19.4% in the Asia-Pacific region, of which 80.2 billion dollars (541.13 billion yuan) were in the integrated circuit industry in the mainland of China, compared to 24.8% in the same year.
According to projections by the Global Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization, the United States semiconductor market grew by 16.8% in 2018, with growth rates in Europe and Japan remaining around 6.6% and in Asia and the Pacific falling to an average growth rate of 7.7%, but the mainland China region will continue to grow by more than 20%. In terms of global competition patterns, a small number of giant firms now dominate the global semiconductor industry.
In terms of global competition patterns, the 10 largest producers held 58.4% of the market before 2017, and market concentration was high. The three stars grew rapidly each year, and went beyond Intel to become the largest-earning manufacturer in the semiconductor industry worldwide.
China ' s integrated circuit industry: China ' s integrated circuit industry sold 541.130 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 24.8 per cent in the same year, of which the integrated circuit design industry was particularly dynamic, with sales growing by 26.1 per cent in 2017, bringing the total number of national integrated circuit design firms to 1,380, nearly double the number of 736 in 2015, and China ' s large in 2017.
(ii) Downstream: data centre and server industry analysis will reach US$ 260.2 billion in global cloud computing in 2017 and are expected to reach US$ 411.4 billion by 2020;
The expansion of cloud computing services will lead to the development of bottom cloud infrastructure and industries associated with upper cloud applications, especially the continued growth of demand for data centres around the world. The data centres, as the physical basis for cloud computing, will have a market size of 53.47 billion dollars in 2017.
Servers account for the largest share of data centre costs. In 2017, government informatization, industry Internet+, digital transformation, and changes in data volume and data structure in the age of big data, artificial intelligence, accelerated changes in traditional IT architecture, China.
The server market has also been growing rapidly. According to research data from Sadie, in 2017, the market for servers in China reached 28.881 million units, with sales reaching 66.880 billion yuan, an increase of 15.6 per cent and 15.8 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in 2016 (iii) the storage industry and memory interface chips.
The storage industry is the main industrial branch of the semiconductor integrated circuits industry, with revenue of $15,797 billion in 2018, accounting for 33.7 per cent of the global semiconductor market and 40.1 per cent of the global integrated circuit market. The distinction between product characteristics includes lossable storage units and non-lossy storage units, of which the memory (dram) is a representative product.
Dram’s classification can be seen in the distribution of performance indicators, such as the rate of the product, where the main market is now dominated by products ranging from ddr2 to the latest research and development ddr5, while the application market includes markets such as mobile terminals, personal computers, consumer electronics, and web servers. The main product of science and technology covers the current mainstream branch, and its ddr5 product is already in the R & D pipeline.
In the market, the technology-based end-demand manufacturer is dominated by server customers, including major customers such as corporate computer centres and data centre providers, and has a high demand for product reliability. The memory interface chip is the core logical device of the server memory module, whose primary role is to increase the speed of RAM access and the quality of the data access.
Stability, meeting the growing demand for high performance and large capacity of memory modules from server cpu. Based on the public disclosure of data and issuer-related revenues in the idt and Rambus reports, the global RAM chip market was about $570 million in 2018, with technology markets contributing around 45 per cent.
At the global level, only three companies are currently engaged in research and development and in the production of server memory interface chips, idt, rambus, respectively.idt: Established in 1980 and based in the United States, is a combined signal for the communications, computer and consumer industries.
Companies with semiconductor solutions. Operating income of $705 million in the first three quarters of the 2019s (2 April 2018 - 30 December 2018), including $207 million in the memory interface chip area.
Indicators and products and services in the field of authentic mobile media. Operating income in 2018 was $231 million, of which the memory interface chip collar revenue was $36.4 million.
For company profitability projections, we are based mainly on changing trends in global market memory demand, especially at the server end, valuations by integrated circuit designers are used as a reference, together with the valuations of projects that have recently been acquired by companies’ major competitors in the global market, idt, based on the valuations we expect to be published with companies on the board.
From 2017, when the company dropped the consumer chip business, the core business income is now mainly derived from memory interface chips, and the end-use of the product is mainly server-type products, so we judge the company’s expectations of future growth from the trend in downstream demand. The change in profitability depends on the trend in the volume of the company’s output, and the overall operating costs, represented by the cost of research and development, will be taken into account.
1) The server market will slow down in 2019, mainly with lower capital spending on end-clients for core idc demand, and will improve gradually after 2020. So we think that the growth in output from companies will significantly slow down.
As new products such as ddr5 have not yet been placed in the market, the overall price of the product is on a downward trend.2 The Māori rate is largely dependent on the trend in the cost of major sub-plants, encapsulation plants and test processes, and the energy supply in 2019 was adequate, making the impact of the lower price of the company ' s products on Māori rates more limited.
On the basis of the above assumptions, our expectations for corporate income and Māori rates are as follows: 3) in terms of cost rates, corporate R&D inputs still need to be sustained by sustained annual growth, while the cost of sales and management costs remain largely at the same level, and other capital inputs will not change significantly.
On the basis of the above assumptions, the profit projections for the company as a whole are as follows: As producers in the integrated circuit design industry, there are no direct competitors in the product side of a listed company, and in terms of business patterns, we choose to compare the same type and the shares that match the income size.
In addition, idt, the company’s main competitor in the global market, on March 31, 2019, became a pair of idt acquisitions, idt became a fully-owned subsidiary of RISK, and RISK made transactions in cash reserves and loans for approximately $6.3 billion. According to the final edition of idt’s 2018 annual report, its revenue was $1.55 billion, with a net profit.
(a) The needs of industries such as cloud computing affected by the risk of macroeconomic and trade disputes are taken into account in combination, taking into account, for example, pe (dynamic and static), ps (ttm) and pb) of companies whose shares are comparable to those of listed companies;
Inadequate supply of upstream surrogates and block capacity affects the risk of company shipments.