The memory interface global tap, velocity & future cpu - the technology first-time coverage of the RAM chip global tap, first-time coverage, recommended rating
Building on technology as a core of memory interfaces, the products include memory interface chips, velocity service cpu, and mixed security memory modules. The corporate-invented ddr4 fully buffer 1+9 architecture has been adopted by jedec as an international standard and has successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing field and occupied it.
We believe that cloud computing & idc, among other things, will drive the rapid growth of server markets, and that corporate memory interface chips, velocity & server cpu, are promising. Camp cloud computing and & idc are expected to support the continued expansion of server markets in 2019-2021, and the rapid rise of memory interface chip markets.
The memory interface chip is the core logical device of the server memory module, the market size of which is growing, the load capacity is increasing, and the number of configured memory in the server is increasing, resulting in a higher rate of growth of the memory interface chip than in the server market.
By earnings, the global RAM chip market was about $570 million in 2018, representing 0.81% of the global service provider market. We believe that cloud computing, 5g, ai, iot will be the main driving force behind server growth over the next five years.
The market for kernel chips will continue to grow. • The company continues to have high R & D inputs, a clear competitive advantage, and the server cpu will be available in the future, one of the major suppliers of global memory interface chips, which has been gradually established in the ddr4 phase.
Industry leads the way. At this stage, research and development and volume-based server ddr4 memory links are being carried out, mainly by technology, idt and Rambus in 2018, where technology and idt have a closer share in the memory interface chip market and a relatively larger share, and Rambus has a relatively larger share.
Small. The company’s core team is strong and consistently high in R & D, and R & D accounts for more than 15% of the revenue. In the meantime, the active layout of the ddr5 memory interface chip is expected to enhance its competitive edge in the internal storage interface chip area. In addition, the company’s combined intel, Qinghua, has already started to produce its own product.
To benefit from autonomous, controlled alternatives to national production, capture server platforms for future growth. 1.c Designing a global industry leader, memory interface chip technology leads by 1.1 years, memory interface chip technology leads by 1.1 years.
Science and technology was created in 2004 to focus on providing chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the main products are currently memory interface chips, capture server cpu, and hybrid safe storage modules. The corporate-invented ddr4 full buffer "1+9" architecture has been adopted as an international standard.
One of the major suppliers that can provide a full buffer/semi-buffer complete solution from ddr2 to ddr4 is the second highest in the memory interface chip market worldwide. The company’s front-loading company was created by a foreign agent, Montagegroup; first in dvb-c in 2005
(b) In 2011, the company acquired the Motorola Hang State Design Centre; in September 2013, the Montagegroup was listed on the NASDAX stock exchange market; and in 2014 the company privatized and retired from NASDAQ;
In 2017, the consumer electronic chip business was sold to a greater extent, to semiconductors and to montagegroups, instead of selling and developing consumer electronic chips, focusing on the server chip area; in 2018, the concret company, 83.8 per cent of its shareholdings were transferred to 39 domestic and foreign companies, such as China Power Holdings, Caring Gear.
The company's history of technological development has been under cultivation for more than a decade in the field of internal storage interface chips, and now ddr3 and ddr4 have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing fields, with about 46 per cent of the global market share in 2018.
The memory technology is expected to update and replace the ddr4 memory technology. The technology is participating throughout the Jedec organization in defining the specifications of the latest ddr5 memory interface product. The ddr5 memory interface chip, compared to the previous generation of ddr4, supports a higher rate of operation and a lower voltage working environment.
The first generation of the ddr5 memory interface chips are being further developed. 1.2, the corporate equity structure is fragmented, the central power holding is the first major shareholder, the corporate equity structure is fragmented, the company has no controlling shareholders and actual controllers, and the medium power holding is the first largest.
As at the date of signing of this offer, the issuer had 21 shareholders in legal entities, both within and outside China, and 25 shareholders in natural persons, including shareholders holding more than 5% of the issuer’s shares or voting rights, including China’s electricity and electricity holdings, intelcapital, wlt, and chuhai’s luxurious.
The benefits are cloud computing, data centres, people.
The growth of industrial intelligence, the sale of corporate memory interface chips, has increased at an equal rate over the last three years, and the net profit has remained high. In addition, technology generated 1,758 million yuan in business earnings in 2018, an increase of 43.19 per cent, a net profit of 737 million yuan, and the return of memory interface chips accounted for 99.49 per cent of the revenue. In July 2017, the company completely removed the low Māori rate.
Prior to stripping, the consumption of the electronic chip business received 2.85 per cent of overseas revenues in 2016 and 2017, compared with 62.97 per cent in 2017, while sales in the United States region accounted for less than 5 per cent, and were less affected by the Chinese-American trade war. The integrated circuit industry was a typical global division of labour cooperative industry, and if trade friction between China and the United States were to escalate further, it would be possible to do so.
It can lead to higher up-and-down transaction costs in the industrial chain, limited downstream demand, and poor upstream supply, which could have a negative impact on the company’s operations. In 2018, the proceeds from foreign sales of science and technology increased by $1,107 million, or 62.97 per cent of the total; and direct sales to the United States were less than 5 per cent of the proceeds, thus exposing the company to a Chinese-American trade war.
The company has a higher Māori ratio for memory interfaces, with a more competitive and profitable edge. In 2016-2018, the low Māori consumption e-business was removed in July, while the new generation has a higher Māori for memory interfaces and a higher share of sales. The cost of company sales increased slightly in 2016-2018, and the management cost increased from 29.11% in 2016-2018.
Total asset turnover showed a downward trend, with significant improvements in operating cash flows. Corporate receivables grew faster, with total accounts receivable and notes receivable increasing from $58.79 million in 2016 to $241.1 million in 2018, net cash flows from net gold flows and fund-raising activities improving significantly, changes in net cash flows from investing activities and movements in exchange rates
Smaller response, resulting in a significant improvement in net cash flows, and a decline in efficiency in corporate operations, with a significant improvement in total asset turnover of 0.62, 2018 operating net cash flows and fund-raising cash flows
At present, there is no competitor among domestic firms who are fully comparable in business models and product types. At the global level, three major companies are currently engaged in research and development and in the production of ddr4 memory interface chips, each based on technology, idt, and Rambus.
Compared to the regular reporting statistics disclosed by companies, overall, the market share of the chips in 2018 was relatively close, and the share of the Rambus was relatively small. The revenues of the memory chip operations of the three companies listed above have continued to grow steadily since 2016, owing to the stable price of the memory interface chips.
As the load capacity for server data storage and processing continues to improve, so does the number of RAMs in the configuration of the server, resulting in higher growth of memory interface chips than in the server market.
2.1. China has a huge gap in production capacity,c a huge national production alternative space. According to the American Association of Semiconductor Industries, the global integrated circuit industry received $412.2 million in 2017, an increase of 21.6 per cent over 2016, and an increase in semiconductor markets in all major regions of the world.
The market grew by 35 per cent, making it the fastest growing region in the world; Europe grew by 17.1 per cent; Japan increased by US$ 541.13 million, with 24.8 per cent growth, and made a major contribution to the growth of the semiconductor market in the Asia-Pacific region. According to the Global Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization, the semiconductor market in the United States remained in place by 2018-2019.
The mainland region will be one of the fastest growing parts of the global semiconductor market in 2018. Our home-grown integrated circuit industry started late.
According to China’s semiconductor industry association, since 2002 our integrated circuit industry has grown rapidly. In 2018, China’s integrated circuit industry sold up to 653.2 billion yuan.
In 2018, four of the top five fastest growing design companies (more than $200 million in sales) were Chinese companies (bitmain, sissi, allwinner and Hisilicon).
China has a huge gap in its production capacity, and its design market space continues to grow. In 2013, China ' s domestic production capacity accounted for 12.6% of the market space, compared with 15.3% in 2018, according to the projected annual growth rate of 8% in 2019themccleanreport, with domestic production of the market 20.5% in 2023.
In the development of the circuit industry, the integrated circuit design industry has always been the most dynamic and dynamic part of the integrated circuit industry in the country, and growth has been most rapid. According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, the integrated circuit design industry increased its sales revenue from 36.4 billion yuan in 2010 to 2,519.53 yuan in 2018, representing an average annual compound growth rate of 27.36%, which accounts for global integration.
Chinac ' s steady growth in design sales from 2010 to 2018 2.2, cloud computing, and data centre development support server demand continued to grow rapidly.
The server is on the hardware layer, with the chip layer upstream, including the computing chip, the storage medium. The downstream layer is the application layer, which includes cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and object networking, and the main clients are important players in the cloud computing and artificial intelligence industries.
Global IT spending is about $3.5 trillion a year, while cloud-based market size as a share of global IT spending has risen rapidly, rising from 1.99 per cent in 2010 to 6.47 per cent in 2017 and is projected to reach 9.25 per cent by 2019. Global cloud-based market size has been growing steadily overall. In 2018, it was replaced by Yaas, Paas, and Saas.
The global public cloud market is projected to be more than $270 billion over the next four years; the Chinese cloud market is projected to be 31.80 per cent between 2018 and 2022. According to China ' s information and communication technology, the market is expected to be more than $270 billion by 2022.
In 2018, the Institute recorded a total market size of 96.28 billion yuan in cloud computing, an increase of 39.2 per cent, of which 43.7 billion yuan was in the public cloud market, an increase of 65.2 per cent compared to 2017.
Industry development, in particular the promotion of sustained global growth in demand for data centres, played a crucial role in bringing the global Idc business market (including hosting, cdn and public Yunias/paas operations) to 62.531 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 23.6 per cent over 2017, according to Chinese data from the idc Circle;
The growth rate of the public cloud market is close to 30%, which is the main reason for the rapid growth of the market as a whole. The Internet has infiltrated all sectors of the society in recent years, and the Idc market has been growing at the level of market size. In 2018, the total size of the Chinese Idc market was $122.8 billion, a 29.8% increase, a 2.6 percentage point slowdown.
Growth in 2017 exceeded $28 billion, significantly above the global average. The domestic idc market will continue to grow strongly in the future, and its product patterns and market patterns will quickly converge with those of the European and American markets, benefiting from sustained growth in domestic online data availability and the high profile of the cloud computing industry.
The global Idc market in 2018 was 625.3 billion, an increase of 23.6 per cent, and the Chinese Idc market in 2018 was 12.28 billion, an increase of 29.8 per cent, or at least hundreds of thousands of servers for the mega-data centres defined by synergy.
The number of centres has grown to 400, and there are currently at least 69 mega-standard data centres in the planning or construction phase around the world, and Cisco expects to reach 500 in 2019, and by 2021 the mega-data centres will account for 53% of all servers installed and 85% of public cloud servers installed.
Large Internet countries, large data centres are only about a fifth of the size of the United States. The United States, with its Amazon, Google, Microsoft, rackspace, ibm, has built 44% of the world ' s mega-data centres on its own, with China accounting for only 8%, less than one fifth of the United States. Japan, Britain account for 6% of each, Australia and Germany 5%, and New additions.
The distribution of mega-clouds data centres in 2017 was only 8 per cent compared to China, and the number of mega-data centres in 2016-2021 was 13 per cent.
Servers account for the largest share of data centre costs, approximately 69%. Data centre cost expenses, including investment costs (capex) and operating costs (opex), are two major components. Total data centre ownership costs tco= data centre depreciation + data centre operating costs + server depreciation + server operating costs.
The cost of building a data centre varies widely, depending on the condition of grade design, size, address, speed of construction, with the cost of building a unit usually at around 10-15 million, with 80 per cent investment in electricity and cooling heating and 20 per cent in building and gardening.
Cost structure for the acquisition of the data centre ' s ict equipment, with servers accounting for 69 per cent 2017, government informatization, industry Internet+, digital transformation, and changes in the volume and structure of data at the time of big data and artificial intelligence, accelerating changes in the traditional int architecture, the Chinese server market
The country is making significant efforts to build information in China in the areas of 2025, smart government, smart transportation, smart medicine, smart power grids, etc., from the Internet to the Ai+, and the demand for products and services using advanced technology such as cloud computing, big data, and ai is constantly increasing.
Ten thousand, with a global server market space of $75,705 million. According to research by Sadie, in 2017, the market for servers in China reached 28,081 million, with sales of 66,880 million yuan, an increase of 15.6 per cent and 15.8 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in 2016, of which the market for servers x 86 was sold at 2.78 million, representing China ' s services.
In 2017, the Internet continued to be the largest and most rapidly growing market for X86 servers.
In addition, markets in government, telecommunications, transport, etc. are generally growing faster than the average market, and the main driving force behind industrial purchases is the digital transformation of industries.
The demand for server markets in traditional sectors such as telecommunications and the Internet, government, transport, manufacturing, etc. will increase significantly as technologies such as mobile interconnections, cloud computing, big data, and access to the Internet become more mature. Moreover, the development of artificial intelligence technology will drive an explosive growth in the demand for ai platform, and the process of industrialization of the ai+ will accelerate.
The areas of public safety, video, and vehicle-borne ai will generate huge arithmetic demand, and emerging markets will become new growth points in the service provider market. The memory interface chip industry is well established, and the market continues to grow rapidly.
The memory interface chip is the bridge between cpu and memory. The memory interface chip is the core device of the memory module (also known as the memory bar). The primary function is to increase the speed and stability of the memory data access to match the increasing speed and performance of the cpu. The memory interface chip is classified by function as the sender buffer (rcd), number
According to the buffers (db) and memory buffers (mb). Of these, rcd is used to store buffers from the address/command/control signal of the memory controller, which is used to control and distribute data transmissions, db is used to store data signals from the memory controller or memory and bm has both rcd and db functions, which can be single.
Chips (advanced memory buffers amb or mb) are achieved, and can also be achieved by the rcd and db packages. The same number of rcd, db and mbs constitute a dram module under different memory interface (ddr) standards.
The memory interface chip is the bridge linking cpu to memory, the memory interface chip certification process is rigorous, especially in the case of cpu manufacturers. The memory interface chip is the bridge between cpu and memory.
The memory interface chip enterprise will only be able to qualify as a supplier after three rounds of certification, of which cpu vendor certification is the most critical. And the cpu market and storage market are highly concentrated markets, with an increase in the number of suppliers.
This makes certification difficult. The memory interface chip industry is highly concentrated, with three major manufacturers worldwide: idt, technology, Rambus, which in 2018 accounted for about 45.32% of the market share, idt about 48.20%, and rambus about 6.5%. The global servers, server cpu and dram markets are all highly concentrated, intel.
The market for cpu is 95%, with Samsung, Light and Hercules occupying more than 90% of the dram market. Manufacturers using the intel server platform need to use products certified through intel, ddr4 with intel memory interfaces.
High-speed, low voltage, etc. requires upgrading, technical requirements and industry certification, industry barriers are expected to rise, and the number of memory interface chips used by individual memory modules is increasing from ddr2-dddr5. The memory interface chip has undergone ddr2, ddr3, ddr4, dddr5 according to jdec (Stile Technology Association) standards.
Intergenerational development, transmission rates and capacity performance are gradually increasing. From ddr2 to ddr5, the number of memory modules on servers, the capacity of individual memory modules and the number of memory interface chips used are gradually increasing, and the number of ddr4 generations will continue to increase to 11.
The RAM chip has a high concentration of downstream customers, with a combined occupancy rate of more than 90% in Samsung Electronics, Hercules, and LightTechnology and Dram City. The industry downstream customers are mainly manufacturers of memory modules, based on tristar Electronics, Hercules, and LightTech, with larger demand and faster growth, in the 2017 storage market and even the entire market.
The world's semiconductor market was an important booster. Global storage sales reached $124 billion in 2017, an increase of 615 per cent, with dram sales reaching $72 billion, an increase of 768 per cent over 2016.
Markets aggregate over 90%, showing a high market concentration. The demand for the storage chip market is enormous and has a strong growth potential, and the size and importance of the storage industry will increase significantly with the development of emerging industries such as big data, material networking, artificial intelligence, etc.
On the basis of the periodic reports of idt and Rambus for public disclosure of data and issuer-related income, the global RAM chip market was about $280 million in 2016, about $570 million in 2018, representing 0.81 per cent of the global server market size, with an annual 40 per cent increase over three years.
The load capacity is constantly increasing, and the number of RAMs in the server is growing rapidly, so the RAM chip is expected to grow faster than the server. In conjunction with future growth expectations for global server output, and trends in RAM technology and servers, we believe that the market size of the RAM chip will continue to grow rapidly.
The market size of the interface chip from 2016 to 2018 (in millions of United States dollars),3 the core of the memory interface, the speed of the future growth of the server cpu 3.1, the global core of the memory interface, and the ddr5 generation product will further strengthen the corporate barrier
Deep-drying interface chip fields, leading the tech standard industry. For 10 years, the company's deep-drying interface chip fields have become one of the major global providers of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4.
The controller is the core, the distribution structure of the nine data buffer control chip, which significantly reduces the load between the cpu and dram particles, reduces signal transmission losses and resolves the contradiction between the large capacity of the memory subsystem and the high speed. The technology architecture was eventually adopted by jedec (the leading standard agency in the global microelectronics industry).
The process of authentication of memory interface chips is rigorous, especially with cpu manufacturers. The memory interface chip manufacturers need rigorous certification to enter mainstream markets.
And cpu markets and storage markets are highly concentrated, making certification more difficult. The memory interface chip industry has a high concentration.
There are only three mainstream manufacturers in the world: idt, educator technology, rambus, and ddr4, certified through the intel memory interface core, edt, educator technology, and educator technology, the first to get edible interface chip certification.
In the future, memory interface chip technology will achieve higher transmission rates and support greater memory capacity. The company will take advantage of the technology established in the ddr4 generation.
The company is currently actively involved in the ddr5jedec standard, 2018, where the engineering chip development of the ddr5 interface chip was initiated, and has now completed the first generation of engineering chips.
In the future, technology will optimize the chip design in accordance with the complete specifications for the subsequent release of the ddr5 memory interface, organized by Jedec, and is expected to complete the first generation of the ddr5 memory interface mass production by 2020.
The company’s main customers are now Fuchang Electronics, Hercules, Heather Half-conductor, Kingston, Quino Technologies, Samsung Electronics, Middle Electric Equipment, etc. The top five clients of the company received 90.1% in 2018 and the downstream industry is more concentrated and rising year by year.
Over the last three years, the concentration of upstream suppliers has remained stable overall. The company’s main suppliers include Fuston Electronics, Intel Corporation, Unhua Electronics, Station Power, Starcombing, Silicon Technology, with a concentration of 91.87 per cent of the top five upstream suppliers by 2018.
The vendor’s concentration was stable, reaching 91.87% in five places by 2018, and the three-way collaboration with Qinghua and Intel to develop the Xin Xin Quick server will be the key future growth point cpu (central processor) divided into mobile end cpu, desktop level cpu, and server cpu.
The server 's cpu performance is much higher than the pccpu performance and can be demonstrated by the stability, the number of cpu and the cache. The pcpu is designed for 3 x 24 hours of continuous work. In case of non-use, the pc is usually shut down. The server is unstoppable for 365 days and requires greater stability.
cpu, but on the server it can use two, four, or even eight cpus. The server cpu drops for a three-tier cache. 11 cache capacity is small, 12 is large, the level 13 cache is mainly the characteristic of the server cpu or the workstation level cpu. The size of the l2 and l3 cache is also one of the main differences between the cpu models in a given series.
Cpu's performance is directly affected by the size of the cache capacity. In 2017, md launched its first generation of pyc server cpu, based on its zen structure, and publicly presented to industry a new generation code-named "rome" based on its "zen2" structure in late 2018.
The company's determination to open up markets in this area is highlighted by the fact that it is expected to become the first 7nm server in the industry. The new epyc based on the zen2 architecture is already in place and is expected to be officially launched in 2019. The new generation of epyc processors are using the 7nm process.
32 N64 has been upgraded to 64 N128, while supporting pcie 4.0. It is worth mentioning that this generation of new pyc processors has adopted a chiplet design, which is a modular design that allows for a full upgrade of performance, power and integration levels and helps reduce the operational costs of data centres and the need for heat radiation.
The server cpu market, where intel is an absolute leader, accounts for more than 90% of the server cpu. The amdzen architecture product has advanced to 12 nmzen+ and is gaining increasing support. According to Mercury, in the second quarter of 2018, the market share of x86 servers has changed again, with intel from peaks.
99.5 per cent fell to 98.7 per cent, while the share of the market increased to 1.3 per cent at the end of 2018, and the share of the server market is expected to continue to rise, with digitimes predicting that the share of Intel in the server market at the end of 2020 will fall to less than 90 per cent.
The company worked with Qinghua University and Intel to develop Xin Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Qui Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Que Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu Qu  Qu Qu Qu X Qu Qu X X X Qu Qu Qu X X X X Xu X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
The product also provides security while safeguarding performance advantages and is a leader in the industry. In November 2018, Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin and its platform were evaluated for “Dynamic Security Control Technologies” at the 5th World Internet Congress, “World Internet Lead Technology”.
The cpu series is a series of x86 architecture processors with pre-detection (prc) and dynamic security control (dsc) features introduced by technology and applied to  or other common server platforms.
Combining with a combination of safe memory modules (hsdimm) of technology, they form a screen server platform to provide a chip-level dynamic security monitoring function for cloud computing servers. In addition, the Xinjiang series of cpu integrates advanced isomer computing and interconnection techniques that can provide a powerful combination of data for future artificial intelligence and big data applications.
Ecosystem construction is a bottleneck in the development of a home-grown cpu manufacturer. In the server market, manufacturers of chips, whether intel, md, or a home-grown cpu manufacturer, have to build a hardware and software ecosystem, including os, applications, software optimization.
Clients include well-known domestic firms such as Unions, Walls, etc. The company has made a major effort to expand the market for data centre products to provide a more secure and reliable platform for computing that is compatible with the needs of major firms in the industry’s ecosystem, and therefore, based on current customer outreach, sales of the product are expected to be a growth point for the company’s performance.
The platform is driven by the development of downstream data centres and server markets, which are expected to be more optimistic in the future. In the first quarter of 2019, China experienced a cold market of X86 servers, with a negative growth (-0.7 per cent) in the same volume increase since the first time since 2010, with one quarter being a single procurement season and the fourth to 2019 years of 2018.
By share, the top three vendors were wavers, Delgyan Xinhuasin and China; the top three vendors were wavers, tiles and Xinhua. 2019q1 market share of the Chinese x86 server vendor
The core technology is the autonomous R & D product. The cost of construction is only about 24.23% of total fund-raising, if the funds are raised successfully and the project is on schedule.
A fixed share of assets does not exceed 10% of total assets and is a light asset operation. Billions of dollars are invested in a new generation of memory interface chip research and development and industrialization projects, a technology upgrade project for cpu and its platform, and an artificial intelligence chip research and development project.
As of December 31, 2018, there were 181 company R & D technicians, representing 70.98% of the total workforce, of whom four were core technicians, accounting for 1.57%.
Master of Arts and Doctors in Electronics and Computer Engineering, elected in 2010 to the American Association of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (ieeefelllow), won the "Eeecas Industry Herald Award" and the "White Jadeland Honour Award" awarded by the Shanghai City Government, mainly for the strategic development and technological development of companies, in which their participation in job creations was jointly authorized
Yamagang, Master of Electronics and Communications at Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, was awarded the first prize for scientific progress from the Chinese Electronics Institute and the third prize for science and technology from Shanghai City. Mr. Yamagang is currently in charge of the Ministry of Market Applications and Technology, one of the research and development departments of the company, and since joining the company, he has been involved in job inventions.
Thirty-one authorized and patented items, one of the company's main patent inventors. 3.4. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In this case, the upgrade of the memory interface chip will help to consolidate the company's leading position in the division domain; the technological upgrading of the Xinjiang server cpu and its platform will help the company to better provide high-performance, high-security server cpu and its platform products for the computing age; and the artificial intelligence chip development project.
The successful implementation of this fund-raising project can provide the necessary technological and R & D resources for the development of new technologies for the future of the company, as well as for the expansion of the business area, and is a requirement for a technology-driven business development strategy.
The use of this fund-raising is conducive to optimizing the company’s product structure, enhancing the firm’s core competitiveness and increasing its market share through the upgrading of existing products and the development of new ones.
The implementation of sub-fund investment projects will not adversely affect the independence of the company.4 The forecast of profits and investment proposals (1) are well developed, such as cloud computing, idc etc., and the server market continues to grow in size.
(3) The company ddr5 memory interface chip and the Xin Quick server cpu have been well developed. 4.2, Prospective Prospectives and investment proposal, mouth chip tap, invented ddr4 fully buffered "1+9" architecture adopted by jedec as an international standard, has been successful
We believe that cloud computing & idc, among others, will drive the rapid growth of server markets, and that corporate memory interface chips, server cpu, are promising. For the first time, coverage is recommended.
There is still some uncertainty about the development of new technologies and new products, including the revision of industry standard technical specifications, high complexity in the design of memory interface chips, new generation of ddr5 stored particles, and progress in the development of products of upstream and downstream cooperative firms such as central processors.
A new generation of technology, ddr5, has been developing and producing chips for storage interfaces. Quick servers are not producing as much as expected. The server cpu industry is competitive, and technology updates are changing.
In the case of the market share of the product cpu, it would be difficult to capture the market share and break the monopoly if the national product cpu could not build up a hardware and software ecosystem.
People plan to raise the sales scale of the server cpu and the mixed security memory module, but if there is a decrease in the demand for memory interface chips in the short term, it will add a lot to the company's operating income and profitability.