The future global memory interface core analysis date of July 01, 2019, is the world's leading memory interface chip company, which has only three memory connections worldwide.
The main business includes the provision of chip-based solutions in the areas of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, the main products of which are memory interfaces, Quick Server cpu, and mixed security memory modules. The company is now a global provider of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4.
One of the major suppliers of the decision-making programme, the homeline chip market, is the second highest in the world. Over the last two years, the company has seen a rapid increase in net profits from its collections and repatriations, from $845 million in 2016 to $1,758 million in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 44.24%; and a net return rate.
181.79. With regard to the Māori rate, the level of Māori in corporate products is high and there is a certain upward trend. After years of development and accumulation of firm’s strong market position and competitive advantage, the company has become an internationally known chip designer, and its core products are now widely used on various servers.
The main players in the dram market, with the end-user covering a large number of well-known domestic and international Internet enterprises and server manufacturers, are leading the competition in the area of internal interface chips, which has led to a breakthrough in the area of autonomous domestic R & D products.
(b) Fund-raising: No more than 112,981,400 shares of the new share in the public release, representing the total post-issuance R & D and industrialization projects; (b) a project to upgrade cpu and its platform technology; and (c) a project for the development of artificial smart chips.
• Profit predictions: Based on assumptions and projections about the fragmentation of corporate operations, we expect companies to be the leading ICs in industry, one of the only three providers of memory interface chips in the world. The main business model is the Fabless model, under which firms need to focus only on integrated circuit design in the industrial chain.
The company's main business is to provide chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence. The main products currently include memory interfaces, capture server cpu, and hybrid safe memory modules. The company's total ddr4 buffer 1+9 architecture was adopted.
International standards. Now one of the major global suppliers that can provide full buffer/semi-buffer complete solutions from ddr2 to ddr4, the internal storage interface chip market is the second highest in the world.
The equity structure of the controlling shareholder and the actual controlling person is fragmented. All shareholders are not able to control more than half of the voting rights of the shareholders meeting alone, nor are they able to control more than half of the members of the board of directors separately.
Apart from the links disclosed in this offer statement, there is no correlation or concerted action between other shareholders, and therefore the company has no controlling shareholders and actual controllers http://www.longone.com.cn
The company's main business is to provide chip-based solutions in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the main products are currently memory interface chips, snag server cpu, and hybrid safe memory modules.
The high level of recognition of the company ' s product performance within the industry has been met by the extensive application of servers containing corporate products in a wide range of fields, such as data centres, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, to meet the demands of a new generation of servers for high performance, high reliability and high safety.
The memory interface chip is the core logical device of the server memory module, which must be accessible as the server cpu, and whose main function is to increase the speed and stability of RAM access to the memory data and to meet the growing high performance and volume requirements of the server cpu-to-repository module. The memory interface chip is subject to a variety of RAM particles and internals produced with the memory manufacturer.
The modules are equipped to enter a large-scale commercial phase with rigorous certification of their functionality and performance (e.g. stability, speed of operation, power consumption, etc.) by server cpu, memory and oem manufacturers. Therefore, the development of such products not only addresses the core technical difficulties of memory interfaces, but also crosses the high access threshold of server ecosystems.
The ZIM server platform is a high-performance, secure, controlled and credible server platform, especially for data centres with high data security requirements, consisting mainly of a combination of science-based capture server cpu and technology-based combinations of security memory modules with autonomous intellectual property rights.
Cpu is a series of x86 architecture processors introduced by technology with pre-detection and dynamic security monitoring features, which are used for Jincpu or other common server platforms. The cpu is integrated on the basis of the Intelx86 processor. The dsc technology of Qinghua University can be combined with a mixed safety memory module (hsdimm) of Qinghua University.
In addition, Xincpu integrates advanced isotopic computing and interconnection techniques that can provide a powerful integrated data service for future artificial intelligence and big data applications. The company's main sales product, including memory interface chips and Xin capture server platforms, are proportional to the business collection structure.
In 2018, the RAM platform accounted for 99.49 per cent of the company ' s revenue, and the capture server platform currently accounts for only a rapid increase in the company ' s net profit from revenue collection and repatriation over the last two years, from $845 million in 2016 to $1,758 million in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 44.24 per cent; the return net profit is $93 million in 2016.
Figure 7 Net profit and increase in corporate ownership by parent company, Figure 6 Operating income and growth, Figure 8 Total Māori Ratio Status in Recent Years
In terms of product sales, the unit price of a company ' s product sales continued to rise: (1) in July 2017, the company transferred assets related to the consumer chip business, which had a low average unit price of the product, and ceased to consume the electronic chip business since August 2017; and with the sale of the memory interface, which had a higher average unit price of the product
Income from sales is growing and their share of total income is increasing. (2) The unit price of a particular product in a particular generation of memory interface chips is gradually decreasing; however, as technology evolves, new products will be sold at higher prices due to technological advances, thus bringing the average unit price of a product of memory interfaces closer to the unit price of sales.
2.1. The domestic integrated circuit industry has grown rapidly in recent years, as seen by the domestic integrated circuit industry. Between 2010 and 2018, the global integrated circuit market grew from 1.65 trillion yuan to 2.7 trillion yuan, an increase of 63 per cent.
The model grew from 140 billion yuan to 650 billion yuan, an increase of more than 360 per cent, and the share of global markets jumped from 8.7 per cent to sales in China and global integrated circuits at http://www.longone.com.cn.
The domestic integrated circuit design industry has always been the most dynamic and dynamic of the integrated circuit industry in the country, and growth has been most rapid. According to China ' s semiconductor industry association, the IED sales revenue grew from 36.390 billion yuan in 2010 to 251.93 billion yuan in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 27.36 per cent.
The market size of the global memory interface is growing faster, with global servers arriving at $12.94 million and sales valued at $70.53 billion throughout 2018, based on the survey reports published by gartner in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the global x86 server market in 2018.
By extrapolation, the global RAM chip market was about $570 million in 2018, representing 0.81 per cent of the global server market size. http://www.longone.com.cn
Figure 12 Size of the global memory interface chip market (millions of United States dollars).
On the basis of the regular reporting figures disclosed by comparable companies, overall, the market for chips in the interface between technology and Idt was close in 2018, and the share of Rambus was relatively small. 1, idt (idti.o)
idt was established in 1980 and is based in the United States and is a company that provides integrated signal semiconductor solutions for the communications, computer and consumer industries. idt can provide ddr3 and ddr4lrdim storage interface solutions, serialrapio, pciexpress switches and web bridges, signal integrity products and power management solutions to fill up
Business server application needs. According to periodic reports for the first three quarters of the fiscal year 2019, its operating income was $70,458.70 million in the first three quarters of the 2019 fiscal year, representing a net profit of $87.82.6 million, of which $20,678.70 million was in the memory interface chip area, representing about 30 per cent of total income.
2. Rambus (rmbs.o) Rambus, founded in 1990 and based in the United States, is a technology solutions research and development company, and also provides for products in the field of safe research and development, advanced led lighting and monitors, and authentic mobile media.
Since its inception, it has been working on research and development of high-end storage products, which are currently applied to high-performance personal computers, graphic workstations, servers and other devices with certain requirements for bandwidth and time delay. According to the Rambus 2018 paper, its operating income in 2018 was $231.210 million, net profit was $15,795.7 million, of which the RAM core was embedded.
Income in the area amounted to $364.00 million, representing about 15 per cent of total income. (cpu and its platform technology upgrade project; 3) Research and development of artificial intelligence chips. (See table 5 for an overview of corporate ipo fund-raising project (millions of dollars).)
Fund-raising investment project name 1, new generation memory interface chip development and industrialization project This project will build on the company ' s existing memory interface chip product to develop a new generation of ddr4 memory interface chips,
The development of memory interface chips, including high-performance, low-capacity db chips and sent-in clock drive rcd chips, will meet the jedec memory interface chip standards and will significantly enhance the performance, system extension and power efficiency of high-end cloud computing servers and high-speed storage subsystems.
This project will upgrade the company's capture server cpu and its platform, including the re-engineering of computing processors and hybrid safe memory modules, in line with the higher data-level requirements for data security.
High performance, high reliability, high security, etc., while providing real-time chip-level security control to users.3 The artificial intelligence chip development project will build on the company's technical and human resource base in the field of high-speed, low-power, memory system chip design.
In the area of integrated circuit design, companies have their own integrated circuit design platforms, including digital signal processing technology, memory management and data buffer technology, analogue circuit design, high-speed logic and interface circuit design technology, and low-power design technology, which are highly integrated and can be effectively upgraded.
The company has its own integrated circuit design platform, including digital signal processing technology, memory management and data buffer technology, analogue circuit design technology, high-speed logic and interface circuit design technology and low-capacity design technology, programme integration
The company invented the ddr4 fully buffered 1+9 architecture, which was eventually adopted by Jedec's international standards. At the same time, the company provides a new generation of server platforms with a fully compliant jedec platform with high-speed, low-capacity technology with autonomous intellectual property rights.
Precise high-performance memory interface solutions, and active participation in the ddr5jedec standard setting, are one of the major global suppliers that can provide full buffer/semi-buffer complete solutions from ddr2 to ddr4, with significant voice rights in this area. Corporate core technologies are based on autonomous intellectual property rights and form a planned, strategic patent layout.
On 1 April 2019, the company had 90 mandated domestic and foreign patents.2 After more than 10 years of development and sedimentation, the company became an internationally known chip design company, currently a core product of the company.
The product is widely used on various servers, directly serving the main players in the dram market, and the end-user, which covers a large number of well-known domestic and international Internet enterprises and server producers, is in the lead in competition in the area of internal interface chips, resulting in a breakthrough in the area of autonomous domestic R & D products.
Based on the company's development and the industry in which it operates, the following assumptions are made for the company's future business development:
(a) Increased productive capacity, steadily increasing growth in revenue collection and simultaneous growth in Māori rates; assuming that the cost rates remain largely stable,2 less progress or benefit from the development of the project than expected; http://www.longone.com.cn
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment recommendation for customers, nor is it an invitation or guarantee to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments, and it is recommended that customers should consult with independent financial advisers and make their own investment judgements if they have any doubts.
If the law permits, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report, and may provide or seek to provide multiple financial services, which may be known or used by the company’s affiliates or individuals between the publication of this report.
The copyrights in this report belong to the Eastern Sea Securities Company Ltd. No one may reproduce, reproduce, publish, publish or quote this report without written authorization from this company.
The East China Sea Securities Corporation, a legitimate securities operator accredited by the CSRC, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. We welcome the CMS’s oversight and alert of investors that participation in securities-related activities should be carefully chosen for securities-related activities that have considerable qualifications, and that care should be taken to guard against illegal securities activities.