The Hale Group will become a realist, the long-term growth of all-empowerment companies and the transfer of Kilifor's shareholdings will finally come to an end, and the Hale Group will become a corporate realist, 29 December 2023, a major shareholder in Shanghai Les, grifols, s.a. (Kilifu)
Signing of the Agreement on Strategic Cooperation and Purchase of Shares with the Hale Group, whereby the Hale Group or its designated customs associates would agree to acquire 1,329 million shares (at 20.00 per cent of the company ' s total equity) of companies held in Kilifor, with a transfer price of $12.5 billion, with a premium of about 17.5 per cent; and, at the same time, the Tribune General
In addition, Kilifor has entered into exclusive and strategic cooperation with Shanghai Laith on the relevant business, and trading shares may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to any third party (other than the related party) for a period of three years after the delivery.
With this change in equity, the Hale Group will be the largest corporate shareholder in Shanghai Lace, and will be the new physical controller of the company.
In January 2021, a Shanghai vegetable signed an exclusive agency agreement with Kilifor to represent the sale of people ' s blood proteins, albins and plasma proteins from Killifer International as an exclusive distributor; in addition, the Shanghai Lax subsidiary was authorized by the Gds to distribute blood on an exclusive basis.
Total market value/market value in circulation (billion yuan) 518/517 Products such as screening system, blood screening test and blood screening reagent box products.
After a transfer of shares between the company and Kilifor, Kilifor should sign an exclusive protein agent agreement amending the agreement to amend the existing sole protein agent agreement to 10 years, effective from the date of delivery, and granting Shanghai Lace the right to renew the agreement for another 10 years.
If, in addition to the products covered by the sole proprietorship agreement in force for proteins, Ki Lifford or his associates plan to promote, sell or distribute Kilif in the Chinese market, or their associates,
In the field of biological sciences and diagnosis (in the following areas: (i) blood transfusion collection: (ii) plasma collection to be processed: (iii) production and commercialization of plasma protein formulations: (iv) blood and plasma testing to be used; and (v) immune haemology and any other diagnostic operations, “live”
Any blood products in the field of physical sciences and diagnostics must be given preferential prices for the base Lifford or related blood products in China. The agreement gave Shanghai Leather the exclusive right to represent at least 10 years of protein products.
The extension, and the preferential offer of blood products in the field of biosciences and diagnostics in China, has made the company's protein agent business more stable, and the area of cooperation is expected to be wider, and the agent's business is expected to grow steadily and rapidly.
Heir has a strong resource position in Shandong and the country, and the Enabling Company has grown over the long term. The Hale Group, as one of the top 100 companies in Shandong, has been active in building an open-source investment platform.
In the Eastern Province, the second company to be listed on the board of science and technology companies, the Yingkang Life (Hel Group's Big Health Eco Important Brands) and many other listed companies joined the Hong Kong stock listing company Haile Electrics in 2020, the first to build a global capital market layout called “a+d+h”.
As one of the leading companies in Shandong Province, the Hale Group has played an important business role in Shandong Province. In recent years, the Hale Group has made extensive arrangements for a large health track, with full process-networked information management in the slurry, slurry, preparation, cold chain, and clinical areas.
In addition, the entire population of Shandong Province is ranked second in the country, with a significant advantage in population resources; and the present situation in Shandong Province is one of the provinces.
There are nearly 20 internal slurry stations, of which two companies, Tai Pang and Yong-seng, have a larger number of slurry stations, with over 30 remaining undeveloped districts, and the Heil Group, with its main presence, is expected to enable Shanghai Laish to develop and expand the resources of new slurry stations in Shandong Province and beyond, allowing the company to extend and purchase capabilities.
• The company's blood products are based on solid foundations, and the profitability is expected to continue to optimize, slurry and ton slurry are among the leading industries, and Shanghai cabbage is better at profit. In 2022, the slurry of the Terrestrials alone, Shanghai cabbage, and the Huallans alone passed 1,000 tons of slurry.
The expected further increase in slurry production, the expansion of high-moricrete sub-type products, and the continued contribution of a growing performance with the Kili Foo Agent Protein, are expected to lead to a further increase in corporate value, for the first time covered, with a “buy-in” rating.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.