A new chapter in the development of the company was launched by the owner of the Heir Group: on December 29, 2023, Shanghai Lax issued a communiqué, and the Heel Group paid $12.5 billion to get it.
With 20% of the shares held by grifols, and the latter entrusting the remaining 6.58% of the voting rights to the Heir Group or its designated related parties, when the transaction is completed, the Heel Group will become a Shanghai Lace controlling shareholder and effectively controlling the listed company. The price of the transaction is $62.5 billion, based on market value, which is higher than the market value of the cut-off.
The announcement also discloses that both parties to the deal have a 45% stake in Les's gds company over the next five years’ performance commitments and dividends, as well as an agreement for the next 10 years’ gross-generation operation of the Kilift imported protein. The company’s shareholder structure has changed significantly, and the Heir master will have a positive impact on the company’s management.
One of the country’s fast-growing private business giants, with strong assets and good management since the opening of Ge, with the Hel Group’s pharmaceutical plates of two listed companies, Heir Organisms and Leiss, and the M&A have further improved the layout of Haile’s blood-ecological industry chain. For Shanghai Lax, not four years have passed since the end.
A more long-term strategic plan is expected to contribute to the efficiency of corporate corporate management, the determination of performance commitments for gds and future long-term collaboration in imported protein operations, and the upgrading of Les assets. The semi-annual report discloses a positive long-term equity investment carrying balance of $15,443 million, which represents a return on assets.
The impact on the company as a whole is greater. gds are a global blood sifting reagent venture, with a relatively 300-deep picture of the deal, and Gds' cumulative ebitda between 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2028.
It will be no less than $850 million, accompanied by an annual pledge of no less than 50 per cent of the net profit of gds in the fiscal year, which will help the vegetable to raise the return on investment, reduce the risk of impairment, and raise the cash return. In addition, Kilifor will sign a 10-+10 long-term agreement with Les on the sole agent of the proteins, and on prices and other things.
The investment proposal is that Shanghai Lace, as the leading industry in the country’s blood industry, has a full range of products and an in-house leader. With Heir and Kilifor’s shareholdings still to be cut, we will not adjust the profit forecast.
Unexpected risks, slurry station management, and risk from blood product quality events. [Galactic Medicines] company review _ Shanghai Lace (002252.sz): q2 seasons are slightly lower and are expected to continue to grow rapidly throughout the year.
Table 1: The main financial indicators predict that the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute has personally committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Xianpei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical examination + research experience in the pharmaceutical industry, extensive research by companies, and detailed treatment of the pharmaceutical industry