Shanghai Lace (002252) Pharmaceutical biology proposed by the Hale Group to host the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre for the long-term development of the company.
The company’s shareholder, Kilifor, intends to transfer the 1.33 billion shares held by the company to the Hale Group, which, if the deal is completed, will change the controlling shareholder to the Hale Group.
Qingdao City and Shandong Province support the growth of structured enterprises. In 2022, Heil Group achieved 29.11 billion yuan in revenue. Heil Group operates across the family, pharmaceutical biology, and other industries.
• Equity transfers are valued at $12.5 billion, equivalent to 9.4 dollars per share. In accordance with the equity transfer agreement, Kilifor will transfer 1.33 billion shares, or 20 per cent of the company’s total equity, of the Shanghai Les shares held by the Heir Group.
The sum is $12.5 billion, corresponding to a purchase price of $9.4 per share, which is 440 million, or 6.58% of the company’s equity, and will hold a board seat. The Heel Group and Kilifor both promised not to sell their shares for the next three years.
• Shanghai Lace locks in the 20-year power of the Killifor, and gds’ performance commitment is a risk to the performance of the listed company. Kilif proposes to change the duration of the existing Protein Agency agreement to 10 years and award Shanghai Lax the cumulative ebitda of the agreement no less than $850 million for the year, and if the performance promise fails to materialize, it will be marketed.
We believe that the commitment highlights the excellent ability of the Shanghai Lace management team to operate and to smooth down the performance risks associated with the Gds investment returns and the long-term value of the company.
Proximity of profitability in the self-employed blood products business, agent importers upgrading industry status for free, maintaining the “buy-in” evaluation, laying the foundation for future blood growth (2023-11-12) Shanghai cabbage (002252); q3 income growth at a rapid rate
3. Shanghai cuisine (00225): regenerative spring wind, bloodline rejuvenation (2023-10-21)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.