Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Permanent Electronics (60570.sh)
Recently, the company held its fourth launch of an artificial intelligence product, launching an open platform of smart financers, Xiao whales, alphamind, investment in four artificial intelligence products.
Four new products have been released to further improve the financial ai map, with 117 locations. The company's current release of four artificial intelligence products, covering such financial areas as intellectual investment, smart investment, intellectual regulation, and smart customer services.
We believe that the launch of this new product will further improve the organization of the company’s operations in the financial area and move forward.
The "online" strategy, which expands the fielding of artificial intelligence technology applications, "Corporate Review (E.C. 600570.sh) - Acquisition of 41.75% of Big Wisdom (Hong Kong) shares and active expansion of overseas operations.
We believe that this acquisition will further improve the company’s overseas market layout and strengthen its leading position in Hong Kong’s market for small and medium-sized securities trading system.
The financial-it-leading vertical sector saas service provider, with its innovative business performance, has gradually gained profits. The company is the leading financial-it provider, whose investment system is more than 90% in the insurance sector and more than 80% in the capital sector.
Vertical affiliates have been set up and access to bottom data has been achieved through mid-service services. Three hundred million by 2018, with the fastest growth rate of 63.71%, has become an important driving force in the growth of corporate operations. Many of the affiliates, led by a constant concentration, have been profitable in the first half of the year.
414%. We believe that the high professional barriers in the financialit industry, the high levels of customer stickyness, and the short-term difficulties of new entrants pose a threat; companies, in keeping with the trend of industrial intelligence, rely on their traditional financial niches, and have a natural advantage in the transition to Saas.
Area expansion has been successful, and it is to be hoped that companies will continue their financial-it leadership during the saas era. Currently, we maintain a profit forecast for companies, with companies expected to achieve net profits by 2018-2020, respectively, as their overseas markets have not expanded as expected; domestic market demand has fallen short of expectations.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment