The Center for Resources and Environmental Research (CRED) has promoted performance with multiple positive factors, low-value, high-end repairs, and a recovery in shipping prices at the end of March 17 years, resulting in a net return of $13350 million (+86.23 per cent) to the mother.
Minus $13.408 billion (+84.64 per cent) of the non-repatriated net profit: 179.3 billion yuan (+44.35 per cent) of the company ' s operating income in the first quarter of 18 years, $4.097 billion (+29.59 per cent) of the return profit from the return of the non-repatriated shipment, which is expected to be high in 18 years: June 2018, volume of cargo on the Qin line completed
The cumulative volume of goods transported by the Qin line was 2,253.3 million tons, an increase of 7.28 per cent over the same period.
7 percentage points, the Qin line is fully loaded, demands are stronger during the second half of the year, and traffic is expected to increase throughout the year.
“Step prices for high and sustained growth and return of coal in winter,” with regular national conferences planning to achieve a three-year national rail cargo volume of 1.1 billion tons (a 30 per cent increase) and a 440 million reduction in road traffic of bulk cargo in coastal ports
The objective of increasing the volume of freight and the scale of operations is to further promote the coal-reflow railways; the Qin line will benefit significantly from the increase in cargo traffic; coal is concentrated continuously in the “trixies” region, rising from 64 per cent in 15 years to 17 years.
5. " The average daily traffic on the Qin line in July was 1.17 million tons, compared to 67 per cent on summer days, providing the Qin line with an incremental base of sources, with a high degree of certainty about the 18-year increase in railway traffic.
The valuation level, which is less than 9 x, is already at the central level for 11 years on the market, while the historical average valuation level, with high dividends, is extremely attractive and there is room for restoration of the valuation.
The current valuation is at a historically low level, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Delivery is not as high as expected; incremental movement of cargo is not proceeding as expected; road treatment is excessively relaxed; import coal restrictions are relaxed: there is an increased risk of diversion of other coal lines: transport clearance leads to higher-than-anticipated cost increases.
1. Portrait of the West Coal East, 1.1 East West Coal Portal, the core asset, the Qin Qin Line, Ltd., is a major railway company serving the West Coal East, and was launched in Beijing in 2004
In 2005, the shareholders changed to Taiwon Railways and acquired the same year's assets, such as Fongsha Da and Kitano. In July 2006, the company went to the market, and in 2010 it increased its assets publicly + its own funds.
Acquisition of TARA ' s main transport assets and associated sovereignty and acquisition of TARA ' s Scholl railway development