Aipcb taps will grow at a high rate with the east wind.
The company is the world's leading producer of printed circuit boards (pcb), and according to the company's performance flash report, its net profit in 2024 grew by 71 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reaching $2.6 billion in absolute terms, on a scale greater than in 2019, when 5g was built on a massive scale, and its profitability was new in history.
Market value (RMB): In the first half of 2024, the Division received 71 per cent of the company ' s communications market and 80 per cent of its gross profits, as evidenced by the fact that the business was at the heart of the firm ' s business: an increase.
Rapidly, the corporate communications market board achieved hyper-high growth in the first half of 2024, achieving high-growth core business. Corporate communications market boards grew largely in the form of high-end pcb structural demand from artificial intelligence (ai).
Cloud computing firms’ capital spending has been improved, and growth in the areas of high-help multilayer and hdi segmentation has increased. From overseas capital spending, it is expected that cloud computing firms are competing in the development of their infrastructure, and according to Bloomberg, in 2025, meta, Google, Microsoft, and Amazon capital spending is expected to take place.
Up to 20-30, the switch to 38-46, and some of the products will also introduce a rapid increase in the share of Hdi's business, expanding production to meet strong demand. In 2023, the company's ai division also started to speed up production, and in 2024 it launched a high-speed, high-speed network-oriented computing system.
Interconnected production of circuit board production line improvement projects and "Associate smart chip package high-end printing circuit board extension projects." Considering the company's binding of high-end offshore customers (2024h1 offshore, 86 per cent offshore, 92 per cent offshore Māori), ongoing investment in research and development to support the product
The profit forecast, valuation, and rating structure is clearly better than the average peer, and we give the company a net profit in 2025.
, giving a “buy-in” rating. Risks; changes brought about by model innovations such as DeepSeek; risks of trade conflicts in Central America; remittances; and scavenging for more services
The company is the global mainstream supplier of pcb, which supports growth in high-speed communications. The company is the global leading producer of printed circuit boards (pcb), which was established in 1992 and whose products are in the core applications of communications equipment, data centre infrastructure and automobile electronics.
Figure 1: Corporate pcb representative product 1.1. Global mainstream pcb supplier status established, with significant growth in revenue and profits in 2024. According to cpca ' s regularly published ranking of top 100 global pcb manufacturers, companies ranked 15 in 2023.
It's the status of the global mainstream pcb. With the company's high performance growth in 2024, we think that the global ranking of the company is expected to be even closer, with a 49% increase in revenue by the same year in 2024, $13.3 billion in absolute terms, a 71% increase in net profit by the same year, $2.6 billion in absolute terms, larger than the 5g construction in 2019.
Figure 3: Corporate operating income, according to the company ' s disclosed business information, in the first half of 2024, the corporate communications market share reached 71 per cent and the gross profit ratio 80 per cent, as evidenced by the fact that the business is at the heart of the firm ' s business performance; and, in terms of speed of growth, corporate communications
Market boards achieved hyper-high growth in the first half of 2024, with a 75% increase in revenue and a 120% increase in gross profits over the same period, and were the core business that led companies to achieve high growth in 2024. Corporate communications market boards grew largely from robust market demand for data centre infrastructure equipment, such as high speeds.
The structural demand for high-end pcb from network equipment, data storage, high-performance computers, high-speed operating servers and artificial intelligence (ai), we believe that the market capacity of the pob used in the high-speed communications market is high, the Māori rate is high and the company will grow in the future
II. The growth of the pcb, the positive growth of the company towards growth, the pcb as the parent of the electronic components, the upgrading of the industry, driven mainly by changes in downstream electronic terminals, and the observation of developments in the industry, we find that high-speed communications have become an important driving force in the development of the pcb industry, based on the prismmark quoted by the World Wide Web.
In 2023-2028, the high-growth sub-areas were 18 floors of +, enveloped panels, hdi, and the accelerated “arms race” among cloud comptoirs led to a rapid rise in demand in the field of high-speed communications. From overseas capital spending, it is expected that cloud comptoirs are competing in the configuration of the infrastructure in the ai, with the Pombo predicting that the meta, valley, 2025 will be the year of the earthquake.
Google, Microsoft, Amazon capital expenditure increased by 60 per cent, 43 per cent, 45 per cent, 20 per cent, and even cloud computing firms began self-researching the ai customised chips (e.g. Amazon Trainium2, Googletpu, etc.), which further accelerated the development of the ai.
Ai requires upgrades leading to a pcb value increase. We believe that the pcb upgrades are driven mainly by two factors, one of which is a higher demand for arithmetic pcb, and the other of which a sustained increase in data volume leads to a continuous upgrading of the infrastructure, both of which are fully reflected in two key devices: the server and the switchboard:
One server added a gpu group to the traditional normal server, while gpu increased the pcb and ccl requirements due to the high bandwidth requirement for connections, increasing the number of pcb layers from the previous 14-24 to 20-30, while the one area started to increase the application of the traditional technology of the hdi pcb industry, the most typical representative being the one.
It's the Hdi process used in the computing layer for the product of the British Welda gb200, a change that suggests that the pcb board is manufactured as a network device for the transmission of electrical (light) signals, which provides a point-to-point connection to different devices in the network (server, computer, camera, printer, etc.), and simply the functional properties of the switchboard.
It's a directional (mac address) route in the network architecture. In physical form, the switch is an integrated device made up of a pcb board, the key to the pcb performance being the total bandwidth that the exchange carries. The one-group network is more chubby-tree-structured, which allows the total bandwidth of the network system to be significantly expanded.
Pcb specifications should be upgraded, with a total bandwidth of 25.6t requiring 30 floors, ultralow loss grade ccl, and a total bandwidth of 51.2t requiring 38 - 46 floors, superultralowlos level ccl, so as the penetration of the 51.2t high bandwidth switch accelerates, the need for a high multi-level pcb level will be highlighted.
Chart 16: Hdiboard and gpu+cpu systems make up "a little expensive" Figure 15: gb200graceblackwellsurperchip Chart 17: A map of key hardware architecture for the British Weddgb200 system
Figure 18: Switch function map Figure 20: Structure of pcb in switchboard (Cloudengine in China Figure 21: Trends in the upgrade of chips by Tainet)
The company, as the leading global manufacturer of high-speed communications pcb boards, has benefited significantly from the trend towards pcb upgrades driven by the ai, which, according to the company announcement, in 2023 the company ' s ai server and Hpc-related products were collected on the company ' s communications market.
The share rose from 7.89% in 2022 to about 21.13%. In a further acceleration of the demand for the i, the company also started to increase its capacity in fast-distribution production, with a announcement issued in January 2024 that it was implementing the “high-high-speed high-speed interconnectivity production of circuit boards for a network of algorithms”, with a total investment budget of about RMB 510 million, with an estimated additional income of RMB 550 million for the post-natal year.
In October of the same year, the company issued a public announcement on the implementation of the “Project for the Extension of Artificial Smart Chips with High-end Printed Circuitboards” with a total investment budget of approximately RMB 4.3 billion, with an estimated additional camp for the postnatal year of RMB 4.8 billion and a net profit for the postnatal year of about RMB 755 million.
3. Multi-dimensional competitive advantage for corporate development 3.1, differentiated products tied to large offshore customers, concentration stabilization Chart 23: Comparison of corporate operating income (billions of yuan)
In the last three quarters, with 4.6 billion yuan, or 86 per cent, and a Māori equivalent of 1.8 billion yuan, or 92 per cent, companies have been able to maintain their own levels of research and development based on the technological pre-eminence of dominant products such as corporate communication market boards, motor panels, etc., by capturing in a timely manner the demand for high-end products such as switchboards, artificial intelligence (ai), millimetre wave radars, adas, etc., in the areas of communications, automobiles, etc.
The leadership and forward-looking research orientation underpins the development of high-end products, focusing on the production of high-quality products that vary from overseas, beyond the binding of overseas customers and achieving higher levels of growth and profitability in higher value-added products. 3.2. Research and development inputs are significantly higher than comparable companies, maintaining high levels of R & D assurance of profitability
Since its establishment in 1992, the company has been working long-term in the pcb industry, adhering to its intellectual property strategy. Over the years, the company ' s R&D investment has grown rapidly, reaching a high level of 580 million in the first three quarters of 2024, with a cost of 6.4 per cent significantly higher than that of the company, which is second only to the deep south, and is expected to continue to maintain high R&D levels and improve the quality of company profits.
3.3. Profit quality is at the forefront of the industry, higher-end product structure is better than peer quality is at the forefront of the industry. In terms of profitability, the company has been at the forefront, and in the first three quarters of 2024, the gap with comparable companies, with a Māori rate of 36% and a high net interest rate of 20%.
The product structure is more sophisticated than comparable companies and provides ample profit space for companies. Figure 29: Comparison of the Māori ratio of comparable companies 4.1. Profit projections: 52% MNI growth over the next three years
On the basis of the foregoing analysis, we assume that the company’s main business is: the business communications market board. On the basis of the above, a significant increase in the demand of the one leads to a rapid growth in the company’s communications market. Given that the demand of the one remains constant, we assume that the growth in the company’s communications market will be at a rate of 2024-2026.
Automotive panels. With the penetration of electric smart cars, the pcb value has been increasing, but in the last two years, as a result of macroeconomy, car consumption has diminished, resulting in a relatively high e-studies. Considering both the increase in the use of motor vehicles and the pressure on car consumption, we assume that the company's car pcb collects.
Office and industrial equipment boards/consumption boards. Office and industrial equipment boards/consumption boards are not the business layout of the company.
As a whole, we assume that the proposed convergence between the costs and the size of the business for the duration of the company remains stable, specifically: the average loss is 258 million yuan, and the project consists mainly of impairment losses of assets, owing to the conservative accounting policies of the company, the loss of impairment of assets on the basis of revenue, for example, over time, while other gains are derived mainly from government subsidies.
The value of corporatepe is 30 times, 19 times, and 14 times, and given that the company ' s business structure is clearly better than the average of its peers, it should be higher than the industry average, and the current valuation switch to 2025, where the supply and demand relationship for the company ' s net pcb return in 2025 is clearly influenced by the macroeconomic situation, while pcb ' s industry is less concentrated and the market is fully competitive.
If the pcb industry were to expand significantly and environmental policies were to become more stringent, pcb firms would face stronger competition in the market, leading to a further reduction in profit space. Despite the company’s core competitive advantage, the overall ecological malformation of the industry would have a negative impact on the company’s performance.
The stability of raw materials supply and price trends in the pcb industry, including copper sheeting, bronze pins, copper balls, ink, etc., directly affect company performance. Although the supply channels for raw materials are fragmented, high price increases for raw materials, and high-speed communication needs may be less than expected if the ai and the size of Internet data reach bottlenecks in the short term.
The change brought about by model innovations such as 5.4, Deepseek and others, which was released on January 20th, 2025 by Deep Senseek, is the result of the growth of the company’s telecommunications pcb business, which has led to pressure on the company to take over and perform less than expected.
Since the full training and reasoning costs of innovative models such as Deepseek are not disclosed, it is difficult for the market to quantify whether the new models have a real impact on capital spending and are underpinned by the jevons paradox.
Increased cost efficiency is expected to accelerate the diffusion of new technologies and thus market expansion, and there is no recognition of the impact of large model innovation optimization on the start of ai capital. If it is made clear that large model innovation optimization can save ai capital and lead to a corresponding reduction in hardware demand, the demand for the company’s laid-out ai products is less than expected.
There is a high degree of uncertainty about the risks of a Chinese-American trade conflict. A greater proportion of the business of a company comes from overseas. If the trade conflict increases, the income from the company's main business is higher overseas, and if the RMB exchange rate changes significantly, it will directly affect the company's imports.
Cost of raw materials and sale price of export sales, resulting in exchange gains and losses affecting company performance.