Newtimesecurities positioning the future of pharmaceutical innovation in China - Heung Swe Medical Insight Report
• The strongest R & D power to build the richest product pipeline, bringing together the strongest sales team at the lowest/highest level in a year: as a domestic innovation drug leader, companies were the first to start a new drug type in the country for many years.
And it's always been the country's largest research and development industry, the most powerful research and development industry, and the most innovative drug in the world. The company's core business anti-cancer plate has been innovatively driven, and its product line in the field of anti-cancer is basically one new drug.
At the most popular drug targets in the world, a number of heavy-pound varieties are in the pre-commercial phase. Excellent product lines have brought together excellent marketing staff, 12,000 sales teams have achieved a high rate of growth in the four largest major companies with the highest domestic sales capacity, and 10 years of manufactured exports have led to the International Bridgehead.
In 2019, the company announced the use of slow-disorder drugs as a breakthrough in the retail market for drugs and developed a 2 billion plan for the next three years to sell 3,000 people; slow-disease became the fourth-largest battalion of the company after anti-cancer, surgical anesthesia, film agent. The anti-cancer field has been approved for nearly two years.
Sulphur pelicans, which are in the process of being released on a high-speed health-care basis, are expected to grow by 40-50%. The right metomy collection of surgical anesthesia lines is expected to increase at a rate of up to 10% in the year, and the rumazole is expected to be on the market at a rate of more than 10% in the whole.
All are exclusive varieties, with import substitution accelerating at an overall rate of more than 20 per cent. Fifteen varieties have been approved in the European-American law-making market, with sales of $650 million, and 10 years of pharmaceutical exports have paved the way for innovative drugs to go overseas, becoming a bridgehead for the internationalization of companies.
• For the first time a “strongly recommended” rating of 59/45/35 per year is covered by the “poor” target for domestic innovation drugs. As the largest in the country, R & D and sales are the strongest, and the earliest pharmaceutical companies that have made the transition to an “innovation-driven” combination are given an average valuation of 30% of their industry
For the first time, a “strongly recommended” rating has been covered by the flagship premium.1 The leading leader in the development of pharmaceutical innovation in China is a leading producer of domestic innovation, which insists on the development strategy of “technology and innovation” and “internationalization.”
It is a pharmaceutical health enterprise engaged in the development, production and promotion of pharmaceutical innovations and high-quality medicines. It is a well-known supplier of anti-cancer medicines, surgical drugs and film agents in the country. The hospital end-sales revenue is ranked first in the country. The company was founded in 1970 and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2000, with a market value of 300 billion dollars.
Company number one. More than 3,000 R & D and 12,000 salesmen have laid down the company’s most powerful anti-cancer, surgical anesthesia, and film agent in the country’s pharmaceutical companies, and the company’s three main sections have been growing at a high rate, with steady growth in operating income and net profits.
Taking advantage of opportunities for industrial upgrading and adhering to the path of autonomous innovation Companies have consistently been driven by innovation, the oldest pharmaceutical industry in the country, which has gone from a “mixing” to an “innovation-driven” industry, and has for many years been the largest R & D investment in the domestic pharmaceutical industry and the strongest R & D team in the country.
Industry. The company’s first pre-clinical study of the first innovative drug, Ere Schribb, began in 1999, received a bed-line batch in 2003 and was approved for listing in 2011; so far, the company has marketed five new drugs of the first type, two of which are in the Nda application; and is one of the most successful in the development of a new drug in a large pharmaceutical enterprise.
In recent years, companies have continued to increase their R & D spending, which accounts for more than 10% of business income. In 2015, the national innovation incentive policy began, companies increased their investment in R & D and actively seized the opportunity for industrial upgrading.
In 2018, the company invested $2.67 billion, or 15.33% of revenues, in research and development, and each year with the multinational large pharmaceutical companies, the company has set up several research and development centres around the globe, covering Shanghai, which is located at the heart of Sundang.
High-technology firms such as Suzhou are gathering; in China’s North, Southwest, and the United States, and Japan’s mature markets, the larger players in different regions and different types of high-end R & D talent have developed their own R & D capabilities and external borrowing skills. The company now has more than 3,000 R & D talent of all kinds, including more than 2,000 PhDs and more than 2,000 PhDs.
Master's degree and Hae-hae. According to the Chinese drug research and development portfolio published by Pharmacism 2019, Heung-swee's medicine is ranked first in the list. 1.2. Product lines bring together the best talent to create a mass marketing team.
The company’s leading position is a result of its strong R & D capacity and its excellent marketing capacity. In recent years, it has been driven by innovation, increasing the transformation of its product and marketing patterns, quantifying market activity, scientific detail, market segmentation, and moving towards “opt-out” management of product lines and people.
The company's sales operations are mainly carried out by the controlling subsidiary Jiang Sukoshin and Jiang Su Xinjin, who are mainly involved in the wholesale sale of oncological drugs, special fluids, cinematographers and cardiovascular drugs produced by the Department of Public Administration (including Heng Rui Shanghai), and in the sale of narcotic drugs produced by the company itself in the new morning.
The distribution of the functions of the Heung Swe pharmaceutical subsidiaries, the preponderant market position behind it is the firm's strong ability to sell, which is the result of an excellent marketing team and human effort. The company adheres to the principle of self-empowerment and the introduction of complementary personnel.
Organizational structure, expansion of academic and medical teams, and creation of professional marketing teams. Sales representatives in four plus seven contexts have moved from traditional marketing patterns to academic marketing, and companies with good varieties are naturally the choice of good sales representatives. Companies are one of the most innovative types of drugs in the country.
Starting in 2017, the company’s marketing system began to undergo a major transformation. On the basis of the original marketing model, the marketing line structure was refined and important operations or products were fine-tuned.
In the area of adaptives, the company has set up a product line business, a company-level oncology, a video industry, and a comprehensive product industry, which separates important core varieties. After re-routing in 2017, sales have increased by a net of 2,200 people, forming an academic, professional marketing team of nearly 10,000 people.
The company’s marketing team continued to grow to 12,000 in 2018, with a steady approval of a pound of innovative drugs. Innovation driven from the field of anti-cancer fast-formow.
Since the start of the company, Apadaloni, Sulphur Pephigstiltsten, Giuldeni, Carrells and Carrills have been marketed against four heavy-pound 1-type new drugs, the share of innovative drug camps will increase significantly from 2019. In the field of anti-cancer research lines, companies are almost all new ones, and new anti-cancer drug projects are under way.
Mostly not. Mostly in the declaration stage, consistent evaluation applications for traditional products or product-type innovation improvements.
Well, policies such as the implementation of the reimbursement of medical insurance for domestic innovations, the system of patent compensation for medicines, etc., are not enough to support the successful commercialization of drugs first-in-class. Companies start from anti-cancer products, and have an unshakeable place in the field of anti-cancer drugs.
The city’s public hospital market for anti-cancer drugs, Top10, ranks second after the global anti-cancer global multinational drug firm Lo. (Note: The statistical caliber does not include immunostimulation, immunosuppressants, including anti-cancer sub- and endocrine sub-groups)
The field of anticancer has been at the heart of the company, which has been involved since its inception in the production and marketing of anticancer medicines, preparations and products. In 1999, the share of the company in anticancer was 42.31%, in 2018, the anticancer sector reached $7.395 billion, or 42.5%, and for 20 years, the anticancer sector has been the province of Heng Swe.
The biggest business composition. With the rapid market release of a variety of innovative drugs, such as Hen Riappadaloni, Giorgani, Carrell and others, the company's sales earnings and product structure in the field of anti-cancer medicine will increase further, and the gap with Rhodes will continue to narrow.
Long-term prospects go beyond Rhodes.
As a result of increased population ageing and industrial pollution of the living environment, cancer has become the first killer of human health, morbidity and mortality are increasing, and cancer is becoming the leading cause of death and an important public health problem in China and globally.
As noted earlier, anti-cancer drugs have been the hottest drug development area in the world since the end of the twentieth century. By mid-2019, the largest number of anti-cancer drugs in the world remained in the field of innovation research, with the number of declared, clinical, three, two, and one-stage anti-cancer drugs in all fields.
Thirty-two per cent, 33 per cent, 41 per cent and 48 per cent, respectively. The higher percentage of anti-cancer drugs developed in early clinical settings shows a further acceleration in the global trend towards new drugs dominated by anti-cancer drugs.
According to the 2015 global cancer statistics, there were some 14.1 million new cancer cases and 8.2 million new cancer deaths worldwide in 2012. According to the 2015 Chinese cancer statistics, 4.29 million new cancer cases and 2.81 million deaths occurred in the country.
Anti-cancer and immuno-regulators ranked second in all treatment areas in 2018 with a 16.69% share, and are expected to be the largest in treatments in 2019, with the most prominent features of the market for anti-cancer drugs being diverse, functional, applied and clinically used.
According to the Mine City Public Hospitals database, the first public hospital in the country in 2018 was Rhodes' Littos. As the country's bio-like drugs, small-molecular targets, were approved, the target market for treatment drugs would continue to expand, and there would also be more tot20 product patterns in generic terms.
The high income and profitability of oncological innovation has also encouraged pharmaceutical companies to focus on the field of anticancer research and development for new drugs. 2.2. Product turnover is dominated by agent-based innovation, and traditional chemotherapy increases naturally.
The chemotherapy drug is the first anti-cancer drug to be used in a clinical setting, and it is currently the first-line treatment for most malignant tumours. Even with the emergence of the target-directional, immunotherapy, the first-line status of the traditional chemotherapy drug has not changed, but has been combined for first-line treatment. The product structure of the traditional chemotherapy drug has not changed.
Turnover based on agent-based innovation, the upgrading of first-line drug use and agent-based innovation products will offset to some extent the impact of imitation of pharmaceutical collections and maintain natural growth in the distribution of traditional chemotherapy drugs. The mechanism for the functioning of chemotherapy drugs is primarily to stop DNA (dna), nucleic acid (rna) or egg sales.
The synthesizing of meat, or acting directly on these big molecules, inhibits the growth and death of cancer cells. Breast cancer, prostate cancer, etc., are used to inhibit the growth of tumours by changing the hormone balance in the body. Anti-degeneratives are the largest group of chemotherapy drugs, similar to normal metabolites or auxiliary enzyme structures.
Compounds, whose main function is to combine with the enzymes necessary for the synthesis of normal metabolites, thus disrupting the synthesis of nucleic acids, inhibiting the growth and reproduction of tumor cells. Plant bioalkali is the second-largest group of chemotherapy drugs, the market being concentrated on two varieties of purple supremol and dosita, and with the approval of the country-produced protein violets in recent years.
Growth will continue to be steady. 2.2.1, six varieties sold to a total of more than 6 billion, with a share in the top two companies with several heavy-pound varieties of traditional chemotherapy drugs for oncology, with a final sale of revenue in mid-2018.
According to statistics, the company's six traditional chemotherapy drugs are sold at more than 6 billion, and their share is ranked in the top two (Dositas, 2.2 billion, Elierikon, 800 million, Dégio 700 million, ricin 800 million, and Capitatian 500 million).
All six of the company’s traditional chemo-care products have been submitted for supplementation, and the Gio capsules have been evaluated for consistency. Although the second round of national collections has not expanded in variety, and not even in recent rounds, there are still companies that have taken the lead in the evaluation of consistency, but policies have varied from place to place.
2.2.2 Innovative agent-type responses to clinical needs. Innovative approaches, with oral changes to injections or general injections to growth-oriented injections, due to factors such as the clinical effectiveness of the original agent type, patient responsiveness, etc., are backed up by an acute clinical demand detection capability for agent-type improvements.
Innovation has led to product upgrading of traditional varieties, and differentiated competition for firms can lead to better strategies and higher sales revenues in product prices, so the European and American R&D of 505b2 has been declared. Companies injected protein, Ugiol, and anthlamine injector, were approved in 2018, and Eli's lipid body is still in the research and development phase.
Visandol is a plant bioalkali chemotherapy drug that was approved by fda in 1992 and is used mainly for breast cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and second-line chemotherapy. There are a large number of domestic vs. supremol injection plants with a domestic sales value of 5.6 billion yuan in 2018, of which the largest market share of green leaf pharmaceuticals is injected with violets.
The green leaf-violet resins were marketed in 2003, and the cellular structure of the resins allowed the drug to accumulate in the tissue after entering the human body, increased the drug treatment index, reduced its use, reduced its toxicity. The protein-violetol uses human-source protein as a carrier, and uses the protein-guided twin-porning trans-shipment mechanism.
The tissue penetration rate is 7.5 times higher than the traditional violet, with a three-fold distribution capability, and the target for oncological tissue is stronger than the traditional violet. The original brand of abraxane has been approved for listing by fda in 2005, based on the approval of the country in 2013 and sold by the State of Pati. Currently, there are two national productions and one import in the country.
The price is expected to decline significantly from previous studies, as more and more companies imitate it.
The local health-care supplements are now obsolete, so the violet resin of the green leaf has no health-care advantages compared to the protein violet.
The capacitor was approved for listing in 1999 by Mossatung, which is a standard treatment for a number of malignant brain tumours, and the injector was listed in 2009 in Europe and the United States. There is only oral plastic cystic type, National Health Care Group B, which has been growing at around 20% in 2013-2018 and sold in 2018.
In 2013-2018, the overall rate of difficulty in ingesting brain tumours was 26 per cent, due to a large number of cases, according to the guidelines on brain tumours.
The incidence of epileptic seizures due to elastic parent or intervariable starma is also around 25%, and there are difficulties in the use of oral preparations for this group. Morphine is a moderate anti-cancer drug.
In terms of price, the cost per day of the national production of the cap is about $500 and the cost of imported $660; The cost of the company's equivalent dose of the dose is $998. Due to the superior clinical effects, it is more likely to be included in the follow-up medical coverage of the injections of the injections of the injections of the antimoxazine in Chiru and Osaicon.
At the application stage, the competitive pattern of the product will be one more billion-grade product. 2.3. Wide spectrum anti-cancer target is the most marketable drug.
As knowledge of the growth, growth and fragmentation of tumor cells and mature molecular control mechanisms increases, certain iconic molecules overexpressed by tumor cells are opened up into effective targets, and the cancer target is growing towards the drug family. The increasingly individualized target is also being treated.
The range of target-to-drug applications is becoming narrower, and unless clinical effectiveness is much more evident in terms of extending the life of the patient so that the cancer-to-drug target becomes a slow-disease drug, the market for the increasingly individualized target-to-drugs is becoming more limited in space and sales.
The wide spectrum target anti-cancer drug has a better therapeutic effect for a wide range of tumours, and the wide spectrum target applied to multiple tumours has a significant expansion in the applicable population, making it easier for the wide spectrum anti-cancer drug to become a heavy-pound product than the individualized drug.
Ni and Pd-1 anti-Carilyads are the two broad-range anti-cancer drugs that the company has marketed, either in conjunction with or with other target-to-drugs, and the expansion of the adaptive system has also led to better treatment for patients.
2.3.1, Apadeni is still at a high rate of growth. Apadalini is an oral cheese sulphate inhibitor that selectively inhibits intravascular growth.
Subreceptor 2 (vegfr-2), disrupting its downstream signal transmission and inhibiting oncological blood vessels. A clinical batch of 1.1 new drugs was obtained in April 2007 and in October 2014 cfda approved the treatment of Apateni for late stomach cancer or combined gland cancer or more.
According to the National Cancer Centre statistics, in 2015 there were 6791 million new cases of stomach cancer in the country, with an increase of 3%, and 498,000 cases of stomach cancer.
It has had a very good effect, but there is no drug for a major breakthrough in stomach cancer. Apateni is one of the three target drugs currently approved for stomach cancer adaptive disorders, and, like an immunotherapy O, k, Apateni has been given treatment for late stomach cancer or for a combined gland cancer of the stomach and more than three.
The Apadaloni group and the placebo control group had objective mitigation rates (orr) of 2.84 per cent and 0 per cent, respectively, and disease control rates (dcr) of 42.05 per cent and 8.79 per cent, respectively; the median total survival (mos) period of 6.5 months and 4.7 months, respectively, and the median no progress (mpfs) period of 2.6 months and 1.8 months, respectively.
As indicators like pfs show, Apateni did benefit patients, although it was not particularly obvious. Apart from the approved treatments for stomach cancers or for stomach tubes combined with gland cancers three-line and more than three-line treatments, Apateni was also able to combat three-clan breast cancers, non-small-cell lung cancers, liver cancers, etc.
According to an analysis of the information disclosed in the Minnet database and in the company’s annual report, Apadeni’s sales in 2018 increased by 2,756% to 1,741 million yuan based on a 37% reduction in the price of health insurance.
Ten thousand, using Apadaloni clinically for three months of a no- progress survival period, with market space of around 9.2 billion a year. As the health-care reimbursement area falls across the board, other adaptive clinical data, off-labeluse, are pushed forward. Apa Terni will continue to grow at a high rate, with sales expected to outpace 3.5 billion over the next three years.
2.3.2 The most commonly used pd-1 carretl billiard resistance (shr-1210) is a human-induced monoclonal antibodies targeting the procedural cell death factor 1 (pd-1), obtained in February 2016 a clinical batch and received nmpa condition in May 2019
Approve listing for treatment of the typical Hodgkin lymphoma (chl) patients who have received at least two-line systematic treatments. pd-1/pd-l1 antibodies are not treated for the tumor itself and are transmitted by blocking pd-1/pd-l1 signals
To remove the “immunosuppressive” state of t-cells in the human body, t-cells are activated to kill cancer cells. Oncological immunisation, represented by pd-1, is considered to be the biggest breakthrough after the cancer target, which has led to a huge leap forward in oncology and breakthroughs across multiple cancer species.
The advantage of low toxicity, pd-1/l1, has now been approved for treatment for dozens of cancers, including melanoma, lung cancer, liver cancer, and stomach cancer, in countries like Europe and the United States. There are now a number of pd-1/l1 resistance units across the globe, including the Paboli Pearls in Mercado (Creida).
Keytruda and Eudivoopdivo, the first to be approved to run the global market, sold drugs in 2018 at $7,171 million and $7,009 million, both of which are on the list of global sales of Top10 drugs in 2018.
In June 2018, when O medicine was approved in China, Chinese oncology treatment was introduced to the Year of Immunization, and in July 2018, k medicine was approved in the country. To date, five pd-1 units have been approved in the country, in addition to two imported products: o medicine, k medicine, and Hsien Ri’s Kareli Jewellery, Kunsui’s Trepley Bill of Resistance, and Shindy Shinda’s.
The current approved immunosuppressants are effective only for a small number of patients, and pd-l1 is a strong expression of nsclc.
The response rate for patients is only about 20%, so association with small molecular drugs is a priority for firms. Pd-1 is mainly a combination of small molecular target drugs and other immunosuppressants, most commonly a combination of pd-1 and vegf targets of beverage monod/similar drugs or Apadaloni, Lonvatoni, etc., two wide-range anti-cancer drugs are available.
It's also common for immunosupplicants to travel with other targets, and single resistance is being tested. Acupuncture clinical progress, co-medication, is the primary strategy of the pd-1 company.
Annual sales have been ahead of schedule, and with the early approval of k-gas and liver cancers, k-drugs were sold back in 2018. Nearly a million patients were targeted for single resistance. The five pd-1 products approved to date in the country have been approved for adaptation, covering only Hodgkin lymphoma, a melanoma, late non-small cell lung cancer, stomach cancer, liver cancer, etc.
As a result of the efficacy of the treatment and the large number of patients, lung cancer is the most adaptive condition, accounting for about 40% of the market share of the pd-1 market, and lung cancer is also a necessity for the leading companies in the country; four of the country’s Heung Sil, Junshin, Sindha, and the state of Patisia are making faster progress in clinical and clinical progress on lung cancer. (Four countries are running at pd-1.)
Heung Swe is the company with the largest number of clinically active pd-1 drugs in the country, with the greatest number of tumour adaptives; companies have the most joint programmes because of the abundance of their small molecular product tubes.
As you can see, Heung-seo is a full and leading player in the field of lung cancer, liver cancer, and co-opportunities. By adopting a strategy of “farming the village around the city,” Junjia is taking the lead in minor adaptive conditions, such as black melanoma, nasal cancer, urinary road skin cancer, lung cancer, liver cancer, etc., and the joint program is dominated by external cooperation.
At present, five pd-1 products in the country are not covered by national health insurance, although prices are priced at pd-1.
The price of 200,000-600,000 annual treatments is low, but it is also expensive for patients, so the policy of giving drugs is very important for the patient’s choice. The Kareli bead is a two-step drug, and the first two-plus-two drug is the lowest threshold in all of the pd-1s already on the market. According to clinical data on o, k, pd-1/l1 usually works for 2-4 months.
An 8-12 week video assessment is the most appropriate. So the Heung Swe 2+2 drug grant policy will allow for a wider search for the best and best for patients, who, after two months, will be found without answering in time, so that they don't spend money or delay their treatment.
In May 2019, the company declared its application for second-line treatment for liver cancer. In May 2019, the company issued an announcement in Henry in which Carrell's second-line treatment for late-stage dietary cancer was random, open, chemotherapy.
According to the National Cancer Statistics, 272,000 new breast cancer cases were recorded in the country in 2015, with 3.5 per cent of new cases per year.
According to the breast cancer guidelines, the number of breast cancer cases in the country is about 25%, while the proportion of breast cancer cases is about 60% for hr+, her2% for her and 15% for her 2+, hr+ for her. In addition to chemotherapy, endocrine treatment, new assistive treatments such as hers 2-sized molecules, cd4/6 inhibitors, etc., are also included.
The guide says that trine breast cancer currently lacks a good target for medication. Starting with the 1999 antiseptic drug, Heung Swe now has several innovations in breast cancers of all genotypes.
Mallylic acid caldone is the company ' s autonomously developed 1.1 egfr/her2 inhibitor, and is the second innovative drug to be directly declared in the ii clinical data after the micro-crystal Xidarbinamine.
The target-directional treatment for her2 positive late-stage breast cancer; clinical research on late-stage non-small cell lung cancer and late-stage stomach cancer is also under way.
The results of her2 clinical phase (ctr20150279, nt02422199), published by sabcs2017, on positive transferred breast cancer patients, show that the treatment of breast cancer patients who have been treated with gyroscopic and violet drugs has failed and who have had re-emerging/transfered chemotherapy no more than 2 lines, and that the Maratonic Carpes Co-Calpes
He had a significant longer life span (78.5 per cent for orr and 18.1 months for mpfs) compared to the RAPAT (57.1 per cent for orr and 7.0 months for mpfs), statistically significant (p< 0.0001), a 63.7 per cent reduction in patient progress or risk of death (hr = 0.363) and a good tolerance.
The market for breast cancer treatment is generally divided by clinical process into new assistive treatment, post-operative assistive treatment, and late-term rescue therapy. The curtolite monolithic resistance has been moved up to assistive and new assistive treatments, and her 2-positive late-stage breast cancer is a first-line priority drug, and her 2-positive breast cancers are a priority drug.
Lapateni is now the top priority for the second-line treatment of transient breast cancer. There are currently three types of oral molecules for her2+ breast cancer, namely, Rapadalini, Linatoni, and Pioney.
The Chinese company North Haikang (Beijing) Medical Science and Technology Ltd. is responsible for China’s commercialization. The import declaration in September 2018 is expected to be marketed by the end of 2019.
The average daily price of the drug from Ni is not much different from that from that from that from that from that negotiated in Rapadaloni, and the Porqueni has a strong desire to enter the national negotiations in 2019, so Porqueni has a strong clinical advantage. By the end of 2019, it was approved in the country, with prices, health insurance payments, hospital admissions, etc.
There are five other small oral molecules in the country that are currently working on the project, and the fastest Zeru pharmaceutical company, Seratoni, is still in clinical phase two, with a short period of time when there is no national competition for innovative drugs.
The patent for domestic compounds expired in 2019, with five domestic firms applying for the listing of counterfeiting products, and only a fair and clean start was made in the be phase.
There are currently a number of three clinical trials under way, both inside and outside the country, mainly on the combined toads, the anti-dossiers and the head-to-heads of the placebo, which are mainly on the treatments that mark the fight against the tonic and the tutu toads. More comprehensive treatments are produced through the combination of two different mechanisms against her 2 targets.
Her 2 vertical signal blockage effect has been better treated. According to the extenet test, a year after curding beads and mono-resistance standard treatments, that dini can reduce the risk of re-occupancy by 33%, and benefits more significantly for the hr+ patients than for the natiennes.
The reduction and the introduction of bio-like drugs to the market has led to a further increase in penetration rates, as well as to a further expansion of the market for dichotomy. Table 20: The development of a clinical trial in the United States of America by dichotomy.
2.4.2 The country ' s first cdk4/6 inhibitor of phase 3 shr6390 is a cdk4/6 selective inhibitor developed by the company, which submitted its application to cfda in June 2014 and obtained a clinical release in October 2015.
The first national cdk4/6 target suppressant to enter clinical stage 3. Shr6390 has been developed and developed.
cyclin-dependentkinases are a group of protein hormones that are detected because of their regulatory role in the cell cycle, and are also considered to be related to transfer regulation, mrna processing and neurocell differentiation. Cdk4 and cdk6 in the cyclical protein dependency enzyme can be combined with the cell cycle proteind.
Cdk4/6 inhibitors achieve the purpose of blocking the added value of cancer cells by discouraging the activity of cdk4/6 protein inhibitors by releasing the translator factor e2f1.
The first cdk4/6 inhibitor in the world, approved by fda in February of that year, was approved by China at the end of July 2018. The cdk4/6 inhibitor was used for the second-line treatment of hr+, her2-breast cancer, with a global sales of cdk4/6 suppressants totalling 32.23 billion yuan in 2018.
Twenty-eight days is a treatment cycle. The price of the price of $29800 per box (125 mg*21) is discounted by $357,600 per year for treatment, which is calculated as a 4+3 drug policy for low-income people in the country, at an annual cost of around $200,000.
The first patient of the ib/ii clinical trial in shr6390+ for thorium was admitted in March 2018 and it is expected that the experiment will be completed and summarized in 2019, and that the application for the ib/ii test data will be made conditionally available, so shr 6390 was approved in 2020 for hr+, her2-stage reoccupation or transferivation of female breast cancer.
Responsive. Three tests of the shr 6390 + fluorescent group started in April 2019, and it is expected that shr 6390 will complete all approved adaptive disorders of the same type of target drug abroad in 2022 or 2023.
Fluorine Palli, a parp1/2 inhibitor for Hinshire and Haussen medicine, is intended to treat relapsel ovarian cancers, trinetic breast cancers, late stomach cancers and other late-stage physical tumours, and is now in three stages of clinical treatment in China.
The platinum platinum, or poly (adp-ribose) polymerase, is a closely related enzyme for sub-dna restoration.
brca1/2 mutation) results in the effects of parap inhibitors and cogent recombinant defects on the synthesis of tumor cells (synthetic death means that when two different genes or proteins change at the same time, the death of a cell is not caused if only one of these genes or proteins is abnormal).
For mutant breast cancer and ovarian cancer cells in brca1 and brca2, there is a clear inhibition to the damage repair function of dna in the tumor cell, which greatly enhances the efficacy of chemotherapy and avoids the creation of resistance. Four parp inhibitors are currently on the market worldwide, and the range of adaptive disorders is mainly ovarian cancer and breast cancer.
These two areas, and they're all moving from three or four-line drugs to one or two. Olapali of Aslicon, the country's first parp inhibitor in August 2018, was also the country's first ovarian cancer.
Adult patients with peritoneal cancer are treated for maintenance after platinum therapy has been fully or partially mitigated.” In the study, for brca1/2 mutation patients, the median duration of treatment between Orapali and placebo is 19.4 months and 5.6 months.
The survival period for patients treated has been nearly doubled (8.4 months vs. 4.8 months). Global sales in Orapali have grown rapidly since their approval in December 2014, reaching $647 million in 2018.
According to the National Cancer Statistics, 272,000 new breast cancer cases were added in the country in 2015 and 3.5% more new cases per year. According to a number of literature on the Internet, the number of breast cancer cases in the country is about 25%, while the number of breast cancer cases in the country is about hr+, her2-2%.
For her 2+ and hr+ patients, in addition to chemotherapy and endocrine treatment, her 2-sized molecules, cd4/6 inhibitors, among others, are also included in the guidelines, and triple-negative breast cancer currently lacks a good target for medication.
The sales of domestic Parp inhibitors will reach $100 million in 2020.
In 2021, Halsen Fluorine Pally will be marketed, with the potential to emerge from other parp inhibitors, depending on the efficacy of its products and its strong marketing capacity.
2.5. Several pounds of prostate cancer are approaching commercialization, and the incidence of prostate cancer is the second highest among all malignant neoplasms in men worldwide. In the United States, the incidence of prostate cancer is already higher than lung cancer, making it the first tumor to harm the health of men.
According to China’s cancer statistics, there were 60,300 new cases of prostate cancer and approximately 26,600 deaths in 2015. And only 30% of new cases were diagnosed as clinically restricted patients, with the remaining 70%.
As a result, it is estimated that there are about 42,000 new cases of cancer in China that require endocrine treatment each year. The current first-line treatment for cancer in the late transfer prostate is still endocrine treatment, but in the middle.
Endocrine treatment for 18 to 24 months, almost all patients will progress to antiprostate prostate cancer (castration-resistantprostatecancer, crpc). Endocrine treatment for prostate cancer has two main pathways: detoxification (geserrin, bright prorin, etc.); and max male hormones.
Disruption treatment (mainly non-steroid drugs, steroid drugs are almost non-use in clinical settings). Clinical upsick treatment and maximum osteoporosis treatment of two endocrine treatment methods usually combine to be used for late-stage or prostate cancer transfer. For non-transferable prostate patients, depressive treatment is the main priority, for example.
The treatment of transferred prostate cancer is dominated by maximum male hormone blockage. Since 2011, three new male hormone antagonists have been introduced worldwide, and their clinical use has been expanded to the top of the anesthetic non-transformation guidelines for prostate cancer treatment up to 2018, as a result of good control laboratory data.
Gland cancer. The guidelines for traditional male hormone antagonists such as Bicaramine, Flutamine, etc. as a basic endocrine treatment have not been recommended separately. Only acetic acetic acetic acetic acetylone is currently on the market.
Abitlon was approved by cfda in 2015 and negotiated down by the state 53% in 2017 for access to health care at a price of $145 per piece. As the domestic market itself lacks the same kind of drugs and has health care support to cover more patients, the sales of Abitron grew at a very high rate in 2015, with sales in 2018.
In July 2019, the first Abitrom medicine to be approved for listing, like Hinshire Pharmaceuticals, was set at 107 dollars per piece, 25% lower than the original study. Access to health insurance would further accelerate the domestic penetration of the product and would be extremely high.
Reducing the use of generic drugs in non-regulatory markets such as India, where, as a first example, the company's Abitron is expected to be a 5-1 billion grade product, and which will lay down the base of the next company's 1.1 innovative type of prostate cancer.
Surgery anaesthesia refers to the elimination or reduction of subjective pain and discomfort in the course of anaesthesia or surgery, through the application of drugs such as anaesthesia, pain and hypnosis, and related technologies.
Symptoms, muscle relaxants, types of drugs used in surgical anesthesia, 3.1. The market for surgical anaesthesia has grown steadily
With the development of modern society and the improvement of national health systems, the demand for microscopic surgery and pain-free testing has risen, and the demand for narcotic drugs in surgery and examinations has increased rapidly. According to the database of the city ' s public hospitals, the country ' s market for neurological drugs was 75.3 billion yuan in 2017.
Intoxicated anaesthetics, painkillers, psycho-proximate drugs account for 14%, 13%, 12%, and in 2017 the market sizes were 10.2 billion yuan, 9.9 billion yuan, and 9.4 billion yuan respectively. The overall market size of neurostatic drugs has increased at a rate of nearly two years, mainly because of the largest and second-largest psycho-stimulants, other nervous system types.
As the country's primary level of medical care rises, the number of operations will continue to increase at about 10% per year, and the pace of operations, along with anaesthetic drugs, will continue to increase at the same rate as the market. Muscle laxatives can relax the musculoskeletal muscles, but they are unsettled, anesthetic, and pain-free.
Ancillary medication, which is used for clinical anesthesia, changes the need to obtain muscle laxity by deepening the whole of the body, thereby reducing the adverse effects on the body of the whole body for long periods of time, as well as the amount of anaesthesia. The ammonium is divided into two categories: extra-week muscle laxatives, central muscle laxants, angular ammonium, rokubromium, etc.
In 2017, the market was about 3,316 million yuan, with ammonium ammonium as the number one mythology and sales amounting to 2,156 million yuan. 3.2, and four core products support the company's drug field in the second place.
The company is one of the country’s main producers of narcotic drugs, and the company’s anaesthesia business has been the second-largest in the last 20 years, with surgical anesthesia becoming the company’s second-largest core. Over the last five years, the collection of surgical anesthesia has been steadily growing at a steady rate of 20 per cent, with 29.25 per cent slightly higher in 2018 than in previous years, mainly from older products.
According to data from 2017 in the city of Mine, Heung Swe medicine ranked second in the domestic market for vernaculars, the main product being heptafluoroalkane; and 18.57 per cent in the domestic psychiatry drug.
In 2018, heptafluoroaltanes, right metomites, ammonium following arcoons, and the four core varieties of Butorphinno accounted for 95.4% of the company ' s income from surgical anesthesia (not including overseas preparations).
The ideal inhalable anaesthetic heptafluoroane is an inhaled volatile halogenated anaesthesia, induced and maintained by in-house surgery for dry adults and paediatric patients and by outpatient surgery.
The advantages of comprehensiveness and effectiveness are the ideal inhalable anaesthesia currently being developed and the most inhaled anaesthesia in bed use. Heptafluoroalkane has no irritation, does not cause respiratory irritation, is better suited for lung surgery and is the preferred inhalant in paediatric surgery.
Heptafluoroalkane has a muscle relaxing effect that can satisfy surgery without neuromuscular retardant, but it has no pain-free effects. According to the Minne City Public Data Bank, the market for heptafluoroalkanes was 2.18 billion yuan in 2017, and it grew steadily at a compound rate of about 10% in 2013-2017. Henish is the country’s first producer of hexafluoroalkane, from 2004 onwards.
The company started selling heptafluoroalkanes domestically in the year, reaching 64.47% by 2017. Inhaled anaesthesia is less clinically applied than the 10 billion-dollar drug market due to the need for special equipment.
Hepta-HCH will continue to be the most important drug inhaling anaesthesia for some time in the near commercialization of research and development, and the company’s sales of hepta-HCH are expected to increase at a natural rate of about 10 per cent.
Bootorphinno was developed by apothecon and approved for listing in 1978 at fda, which is an opioid painkiller with opioid anccelerosis and antagonism for moderate to severe pain relief (including fractions).
And as an anaesthetic anaesthetic aid. Hemptonorphine fluids have been approved for “cancer pains of all kinds, post-operative pain.” The company has been receiving Bootorphino injections from the country in 2002 and has been there for the last 20 years.
The winning bid for the dollar rose to $36.5, while 2ml: 4mg specifications ranged from 38 to 105; therefore, the sales volume of Bootophino increased significantly by more than 400 per cent in 2018, less than 200 million before 2017, and 988 million in 2018. As the prices were updated in more provinces after the Bartorphino adjustment, the product was sold and gross.
Interest rates will continue to rise. And, with the abolition of the local health-care index, and the limited market for the product Zosin market, it is likely that Butophino, as a health-care species, will take over the market.
The State determines the total amount of demand based on the medical treatment of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, the national reserve and the needs of enterprises for the production of the raw materials needed for the cultivation of narcotic drugs, narcotic drugs and sperm.
The production of God's medicine is controlled by volume and a system of targeted production is in place. 3.2.3, the right metomy collection of hydrochloric acids is set to be developed jointly by the Orion and Hospira companies and approved by the fda in 1999.
For the first time, Hing Ri's right metomic injection was approved for the first country in 2009. The right metomy is a relatively selective α2-nephrine agonist, clinically used for whole-body anesthesia, air tube intubation and mechanical air conditioning. The right metomy is the only drug that has both pain and sedative effects.
Multi-drug combinations during the Circumcision may result in a compounding of toxic side effects. Right-wing Metomics, through their calm, pain and anti-traffic effects, significantly reduce the use of anesthesia, pain, sedatives, and avoid the multiple adverse effects of multiple combinations of drugs.
As a first example, the company ' s right share of the market has dominated the country ' s market since 2009, according to Minnea ' s Key City Public Hospitals, where the company ' s right share of the market for the Metomy injection was in 2018.
81.13 per cent. According to the company ' s annual report, the value of the purchase of the right Metomi Hospital was $1,681 million in 2018, and the increase in the 2015-2018 sales of the right Metomi Hospital in 2015-2018, with the increasing approval of the right Metomi competition and the impact of the 4+7 band purchase, for the clinical terminal.
The market's 2 billion-sized right-wing Metomy will be increasingly competitive. In November 2018, the first batch of bulk purchases and the winning results were announced, and in July 2018, Yang Zhejiang was approved as the first company to evaluate consistency, with a 29 per cent reduction in volume purchases.
At present, there are eight companies in the right metomy that have been approved for listing, and four that have raw medicines. In addition to Yang Ziang, who also passed a sexual evaluation, the company submitted a supplemental request for a consistency evaluation in June 2018, which is expected to be the first to pass a sexual evaluation.
2ml:0.2mg specifications in last year’s 4+7 collection, 2ml:0.2mg specifications were set at 133 won, with 13,423 million purchases, or less than 10% of the total market size. The company has now adjusted the winning price everywhere.
Advantages, which are still most competitive in the growing competition in the market. 3.2.4, ammonium needles in the arcium bank consolidate advantages, aid drugs or sedated in the intensive care unit (icu), which can relax the musculoskeletal muscles, make the tube plugs and machines.
The company was approved in 2006 as a powder agent. Before 2017, the country produced sulfur, all of which were powders, and the company maintained a market share of about 65%. In 2018, the company was approved as an ammonium injector for the sulfonic acid (5ml:10mg), with only Hsien being the only publicly listed manufacturer in the country.
In June 2018, he submitted an application for an evaluation of the consistency of the ammonium sulfonic acid injection fluid. Jiangsu-Shun-Ri could continue to maintain its market share with the ammonium sulfonic acid injection fluid.
3.3. During the year in the pipeline, the market for our anaesthetic drugs is dominated by oligopoly, with high rates of profitability and concentration rising from year to year. In addition, antiaesthetic pain medications are narcotic drugs, strictly regulated by the State, are produced on a targeted basis and are priced under the direction of the Government.
The future growth in surgical anaesthesia is driven by the growth in the number of operations, the expansion of the use of drugs (post-operative and cancer pain relief, etc.) and the upgrading of products. Companies follow up on the stock of new pharmaceutical products and innovations in surgical anaesthesia.
The company reported production in 2018 and is expected to be approved in 2019.
The warehouse is a 1.1-type new drug for the patient's intravenous anesthesia, which is known to be more effective than propofol, and can be adapted to accelerosis, pre-operative anaesthesia, and icu. The company's production of the thorium is a salty compound of the thiram, which is more stable than the thiram, and will gradually take over the market.
Well, it's expected to become another billion-grade product of the company's anesthetic line. 4-and-a-half, the 10-year-old projectile leader, the company's film agent business, which started in 2006 with the approval of the first iodized Buddhist ol, and which began in the 1990s.
Compared to the Yangtze River and North Land Pharmaceuticals industries, the company is a post-manufacturing company, but with strong marketing capacity it has taken more than 10 years for foreign and national companies such as General Electric, Bayer, Yangziang, etc. to become the leader of the domestic film maker.
Competition among domestic cinematographers, 2018 4.1. There is still significant room for use and industry is in maturity.
To the chemical products of human tissues or organs. These products have a higher or lower density than the surrounding tissues, and a comparison is made with some instruments. Since the first film agent, sodium iodized, was listed in the 1930s, the entire world has been issued with 37 agents, half of which are x-rays.
The largest group is iodized products represented by x-lines/ct-pet, followed by thugs, represented by magnetic resonance imaging agents, and also by ultrasound imager fluorinated products. In 2017, the global market for imaging agents was $4.418 billion. Developed countries had a high per capita income and medical facilities.
The idea of “rediagnosing” has taken root, so that the current consumption of these agents is concentrated mainly in Europe, the United States, and Japan. Emerging countries like China, India, and others are experiencing rapid growth in the market for these agents, as a result of rapid economic growth, improved medical facilities, and rising demand for diagnosis.
According to the Minnet database, domestic cinematographers have been growing rapidly in the last five years. In 2018, the domestic market was 11.4 billion yuan, with a combined growth rate of 13.97 per cent in 2013-2018. Of the top 10 products sold, the share of X-ray imaging agents in six iodine groups was 80.46 per cent, while the share of X-ray imaging agents in three agglomerates was 80.46 per cent.
10.53% of film agents, size of domestic film agent market, 2013-2018
4.2. Competition patterns are good, both old and new, and are fast-displaced. The company ' s film agent products are mainly iodized Buddhist, iodized sarcophagus, two core old, new products, platinum, and poppy iodide oils, respectively, were marketed in 2015-2016.
A new product, cyborgol, is in the process of being placed on the market, which was examined on the spot in June 2019 and is expected to be approved during the year, while another batch is a supplemental application for the evaluation of the consistency of iodine gram sarcophagus. Our market for x-ray imaging is relatively high compared to the global market, while MRI is relatively high.
Small. The company ' s platinum injection fluids and the platinum injection fluids that are about to be marketed are magnetic resonance imaging agents, which, as the domestic front line, are expected to lead the upgrading of the domestic film market.
Anti-cancer, anaesthesia, and cinematography have always been the three main business units of the company, the anti-cancer sector has become a national leader, the advantages in the field of anaesthesia have been consolidated, and there is limited space for small specializations, so there are few layouts in the other areas. Diabetes and cardiovasculars were also involved before, but at the time, the company was involved.
A differentiated competitive strategy focused on developing anti-cancer, anaesthetic, photograms, and staggered the more competitive fields of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. As the structure of the drug changes and the product changes, companies have slowed their pathologies such as diabetes, cardiovascular and gout.
In April 2019, the company officially announced the use of slow-disease drugs as a breakthrough in the retail market for drugs, and plans were made to sell 3,000 people over the next three years for a total of 2 billion. According to Mine, in 2018 the end of the pharmacy was 22.9% of the end of the drug.
The outflow of prescriptions for drugs has been a major trend, and as the ageing society deepens, there is much to be gained in the area of masochistic medicine, which will become the next strong growth engine for the company. 5.1. The Director of Diabetes works on new insulin and oral sugar pills.
In the field of diabetes, most of the company’s existing varieties were traditional oral drops, which were approved for the period 2003-2008, but diabetes was not the focus of the company’s development, so the company’s sales of oral drops were not very high. In the recent R&D cycle, the company has taken advantage of the restructuring of the domestic drops, and the distribution of these drugs has become mainstream abroad.
Three new target drops and long-acting insulin. 5.1.1, the size of the diabetic market continues to grow with confirmed rates. Diabetes are mainly i-diabetes, ii-diabetes and gestational diabetes.
Insulin resistance has led to insulin-based insulin defects, which account for nearly 98% of Chinese patients. According to frost & sullivan, in 2018 there were 124 million patients in China, of whom the diagnosis rate was only 50.4% and the number and diagnosis rates of diabetes in China are expected to increase rapidly to 142 million and 67.9%, respectively, in 2023.
Due to the need for life-long medications, the size of the diabetes market, and the replacement of the new market for diabetes drugs in China in 2018, it is expected that the domestic market for diabetes will remain 15% left over the next five years.
The current domestic market for diabetic drugs consists of more traditional drugs, including sulfadoxine, glucose enzyme inhibitors, and cytamine diketones. The treatment of high blood sugars is based mostly on correcting the two main pathological physiological changes that cause the increase in human blood sugar - insulin resistance and insulin partitioning.
In contrast, oral downluents can be divided into drugs (sulfur sulfur, glenium, dpp-4 inhibitors) that are primarily responsible for promoting insulin secretion, and those that reduce blood sugar through other mechanisms (dividium, tzds, \alpha-sugar lactase inhibitors, sglt2 inhibitors).
The first choice for type 2 diabetic drugs is dichotomy. If there is no taboo, the dichotomy should remain in the diabetic treatment.
The increase in the number of new cases of diabetes is the driving force behind the increase in the size of the market for diabetes. Besides, due to the fact that the two acetone is a necessary drug for the patient to take it easily, the two meth acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone acetone
A dozen complex formulations, such as Greedin ' s dichotomy, have been developed to account for the sale of the complex formulation, with a combined growth rate of 20.74 per cent in 2013-2018.
5.1.2. The restructuring of the sugar meds and the start of product changes. Diabetes is a progressive disease, and for patients with type II mellitus, the effects of the same kind of meds.
In recent years, innovations in the three new mechanisms of receptor agonists, dpp-4 inhibitors, and sglt-2 inhibitors have gradually entered the market for anti-diabetes drugs. There are several new targets for diabetes drugs that are being developed, and China is leading the process of research and development.
There is no clear set of treatment options for type 2 diabetic patients in China, usually based on two amitraz, or, in the case of insulin for insulin (sulfur or glenium) or
Alpha-glucose enzyme inhibitor (Acaboose) as first-line therapy; if the blood sugar index is not controlled, second-line therapy for oral or injection drugs (glp-1 agonist or insulin) is used. The U.S. first-line diabetic type 2 is also dichotic, but the alpha-glucose inhibitor is in the beauty.
Also in the United States, glp-1 agonists are recommended only for joint injection therapy; while Chinese treatment guidelines do not include sglt-2 inhibitors.
The differences in the use of prescription drugs have led to major differences in competition patterns in the market for diabetic drugs between China and the United States. While traditional oral sugar medicines in China’s market account for a larger share of the market, the United States market accounts for a larger share of new drugs in glp-1, dpp-4, and sglt-2 targets.
The total sales of innovative drugs, such as dpp-4 inhibitors and sglt-2 inhibitors, in China amounted to $2.2 billion, representing only 4.3 per cent of the market share, while the total sales of these three types of drugs in the United States during the same period amounted to $15.6 billion, representing 42.9 per cent of the market share, the top three types of diabetes drugs after insulin.
China's Diabetes Competition Pattern, U.S. Diabetes Competition Pattern, Rigletine Phosphoric Acid
Rigretine phosphate, a diphthrin 4 (dpp4) inhibitor, was granted cfda-probably in March 2009. During 2011-2015, Henry completed several regrettin clinical trials of 1-3 and submitted a listing application in March 2015.
Upon finding some of the data to have normative problems, the company voluntarily applied to withdraw its application for registration of raw materials and preparations, and successively registered multiple clinical trials, including a clinical iii study of the same size as the previously completed clinical iii phase (ctr20131412) (ctr 20160943).
The sglt-2 (sodium-glucose transprotein 2) inhibits re-absorption of kidneys and increases the amount of urinary luminary graft, which regulates the blood sugar balance.
The drug is expected to be applied for during the year, when it ends in June. In April 2018, the multi-centre iia period for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Rigletine began.
Diabetes are injected once a day. The company's ii clinical study on the treatment of type 2 diabetes with nori sugar fluids began in February 2019. Shr-2042 is a similar to the company's declaration of 1.1 oral insulin samples-1 (glp-1) intended for type 2 diabetes and obesity, which was projected in May 2018 as clinical batches for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and obesity.
The area of cardiovascular cerebrovasculars has been the most competitive specialist in the domestic pharmaceutical market for the past 20 years, with companies in the field of pharmaceutical products.
There are few approved products in this area, of which Ebesatan is the only one that sells much more. With the rapid advance of innovative drugs such as Shr-1209, shr2285 and shr0532, the company is either moving towards heavy-pound varieties in the cardiovascular veins, and is moving in tandem with innovations in the form of creative drugs, complex formulations and buffers, of the 1.1 type of tube line.
The "theosterol" jak inhibitor can be used for rheumatism, skin disease, and bruising shr-0302, which was developed by the company to treat rheumatological arthritis, ulcer ulcers, colonitis, adrenaline dermatitis and Crohn's disease.
The EU and Japan have granted partial rights to arcutis and global interests in the field of arthritis, except rheumatism, and external dermatology (a company that invests in medical medicine).jak hormones are a kind of intra-symbalmal non-resistible sanitase family with jak-1, jak-2,
The juk-3 and tyk-2 members, which interact with each other through signal trans-routing and trans-filing to activate proteins (stats), play an important role in cell factor receptors transmission, and the jak/stat signal circuits are linked to the development of multiple inflammable diseases.
Four jak inhibitors are currently on the market, three are in the Nda phase, and dozens of others are in the clinical field. The first Jak inhibitor in the world, and it was released for bone marrow optics, vitamins, and the first Jak inhibitor in the world for rheumatism, plus
Silver darts arthritis, ulcer colonitis, ulcer cartilage, and trophies have been approved or are in clinical trials. Jak inhibitors in the country do not yet have a national product on the market, with only three import varieties, namely Torotables, Punctagoni, and Baricèni.
In addition to similar research products, domestic Jak inhibitor imitators have been declared by a large number of companies, and Pfizer's Tow Law patent has been declared null and void, and if Pfizer does not appeal, it is expected to be the first to be replaced by 2020.
Epidemiologically, some 30 to 40 million people in the country are currently suffering from their own immuno-related diseases, including about 5 million rheumatological arthritis, about 3.5 million mandatory spinal disease, and 6.5 million silver-dry disease arthritis.
Largely, there are fewer patients in the country who choose to tnf-α resistance because of low rates of disease awareness and diagnosis, and because their own immunological diseases do not endanger life but affect the quality of life, the demand for medication is relatively less stringent than for oncology treatment.
The successful application of the Jak inhibitor in the field of rheumatism has broken the bottlenecks of good biopharmaceutical performance and high prices. The Jak inhibitor has the advantage of improving illness, safety, and easy to take medication, providing new treatment strategies for the treatment of the rheumatological arthritis, so that the jak inhibitor has a symbiosis in the foreign authority guidelines.
The tnf-α unit has a low penetration rate in the domestic market for rheumatitis, while the jak inhibitor is expected to directly upgrade the country's rheumatism market by virtue of its oral receptivity, the low price of small molecules, 5.4, non-buzz he +shr 4640 ran the "4th High"
As the standard of living of our people continues to improve, the incidence of leukaemia (hyperuricemia, hua) is rising year by year, becoming “fourth-high” after hypertension, high blood fat and high blood sugar. A nationwide epidemiological statistics show that the current incidence of haemorrhagic and hyperuracidemia is 1.1 per cent in the country, respectively.
And 13.3%, based on a population of 1.3 billion, 14 million people and 170 million people, respectively. The country’s knowledge of high urinary acidemia and gout, and the standardised detection rate are not very high, and education in slow management is needed, so the market for gout has great scope for improvement.
There are currently two broad groups of clinically common urinary acid drugs that inhibit urinary acid synthesis and increase urinary acid excretion. The most commonly used in the country are non-codoxin yellow oxidase selective inhibitors, the increased urinary acid discharge drug phenyl-bromo Marlon, both of which are included in national health insurance.
In July 2019, the urates trans-shipper urat1 was the most important carrier protein involved in the urea weight absorption process, which, by suppressing urat1, could prevent re-absorption of urea and increase urea.
Salt discharge is aimed at reducing serourinate concentrations. More than 90% of gout patients are the hottest target for drug development because of reduced urinary acid discharge. The world’s first urat1 selective inhibitor, Lesinurad, is now on the market in the United States and Europe.
In April 2008, he was first approved in Europe and then listed in the United States in 2009 for treatment of adult patients with chronic high urea. In Africa, he was listed by several domestic companies for 3.1 new types of drugs.
According to the market share of 44%, 41%. The amount of domestic non-buzz sales to him for five years ranged from zero to 900 million, which is enough to hurt.6 Internationalized pharmaceutical companies, as the leader of domestic pharmaceutical companies, are a key step in the company’s continued growth.
In the Euro-American market, where the domestic market for pharmaceuticals is limited in size, internationalized pharmaceutical companies need to move to international markets. And domestic systems for patent protection of innovative medicines, health coverage of innovative medicines, etc., still need to be improved, and the Euro-American market is an inevitable option if we want to move forward on the path of innovation.
The first step towards the internationalization of companies is the export of generic pharmaceutical preparations, which has been proposed as early as the beginning of the listing of Heung Swe in 2000, to actively promote the certification of gmp and fda and to improve the quality of medicines for the export of finished medicines.
Ten years ago, Henry’s first product, the Elytekon Injection, was acquired in 2011 by the United States of America, setting the stage for corporate battles in overseas markets. The company chose the sophisticated and technically difficult walls of injections and so forth in its danda variety declaration.
In the case of sulfur-da liver to sodium, the combination takes more than 70 steps, the cost of research and development and the difficulty of commercial production, which is why very few manufacturers in the country declare it after the patent expires in 2008.
The agent-type process is extremely difficult, and the US market is largely unlicensed. As the layout becomes deeper and more familiar with foreign regulations and declarations, companies already have a steady flow of dodium products.
Europe and the United States have been more competitive in their generic pharmaceutical markets, and one or two products are simply not enough, and companies currently have 15 overseas shipments and are in the process of being approved. The increase in the number of dodas has also led to a rapid increase in sales, with the company producing 651 million yuan in pharmaceutical exports in 2018, the fourth largest export of drugs in the country.
In the early stages of the international market, companies did not build their own sales teams, but chose to work with international giants to speed up international marketing. Since 2014, companies have been working with internationally renowned companies like Sandoz, Teva, and sagent, such as sandoz, one of the largest counterfeiting companies in the United States.
Cooperation in its promotion and marketing in the United States market has also been very successful, with the huge market for cyclophosphonyl-amide bringing in hundreds of millions of dollars a year and becoming the first source of significant profits in the internationalization of corporate formulations.
6.2. First-in-class innovation is bound to enter the European and American markets.
As the country’s health reforms in recent years have progressed rapidly, innovative medicines have improved significantly in terms of health care coverage.
But Chinese innovation medicines are still available at a slower time than in Europe and Japan, and they reach their peak. The patent period for drugs is 20 years, but it takes about 10 years for innovation drugs to be reviewed for pre-clinical research, clinical research, and registration, so the patent period for innovation medicines is only about 10 years.
The country’s drug review and approval mechanism has improved considerably before 2016, with priority approvals and major specializations accelerating the review of medicines, but it will take about 1.5 years for an innovative drug to be registered on the market for approval. At the clinical level, China’s limitations on clinical qualifications make it possible to recruit patients more time.
After China’s listing, the patent period is shorter, and the innovation drug reaches its peak for longer, so first-in-clas innovation is bound to enter the market in Europe and America. Sales (millions of US dollars) within three years of its listing.
The U.S.-Japan pharmaceutical market has a well-established system of patent compensation for pharmaceuticals that has been in place for more than 20 years. The Hatch-Waxman Act, which was introduced in the United States in 1984, is designed, inter alia, to encourage counterfeiting to be marketed as soon as possible, but also to compensate the original researcher for the extension of the patent.
The lost patent period at the R & D stage is compensated for 50% of clinical research time + 100% of fda review time for new drug applications. Similar patent compensation systems are clear in Europe and Japan, where the extension of a patent or the proof of additional protection is five years. (US patent compensation system rules:)
1. The patent is extended for a maximum of five years; 2. The maximum period of patent protection after the approval of the drug cannot be longer than 14 years; 3. When an extension of the patent period is necessary, the patent itself needs to remain in force without a period of protection; 4. The extension of the patent period is available only once; 5. If a product is protected by several patents, only one patent is entitled to the patent.
In 2005, the company set up the Center for Research on Innovative Medicines of the United States to undertake research on innovative drugs such as cutting-edge targets, as well as ada, api, US market access and marketing operations. Although it has already started to build its own sales team, the best option at this stage is to work with overseas companies to transfer its interests outside the metropolitan area to the sea.
The first is the high clinical costs of declaring new medicines overseas, authorizing overseas companies to both ease financial reporting and access the harvest of new drugs abroad; and the second is the long-term planning and exploration of corporate self-construction sales, authorizing overseas companies to commercialize the best benefits of innovation medicines.
The company has undertaken several new drug rights and, although some of the transactions have been terminated, it has given a good start to the internationalization of the company ' s innovation medicine, which is expected to increase the number of projects in which the company deals overseas.
7.1.1 Policies that promote investment in innovative medicines and improve the valuation of innovative pharmaceutical enterprises are currently undergoing supply-side reforms in our pharmaceutical industry, and national policies are taking advantage of the strength of external (ich) and domestic (medical reform policies) to promote innovation-oriented domestic R & D and production firms, global competitors.
Rapid integration (accepting clinical data from abroad) will greatly stimulate domestic firms to accelerate their research and development innovations, while increasing the quality of their medicines and lowering their prices. At present, the domestic pharmaceutical innovation environment has seen its top stage of design, human and innovative capabilities, incentives, and opportunities.
Drivers such as production, capital input, and research-and-development-end policies are already in place. In the past, innovative medicines were blocked from successful commercialization at health insurance, recruitment, and entry levels, so the marketing of innovative drugs in China is a few years behind Europe and the United States.
The system of annual national negotiations is largely in place, with the number of requests for tenders increasing in the provinces and municipalities, while the system of patent compensation for medicines is also being actively piloted.
Since 2015, China’s Year for the Development of Innovative Medicines, the country has initiated a drug review reform. Since 2015, the national pharmaceutical regulatory authority has introduced a series of related systems and accompanying policies to promote the upgrading of the domestic pharmaceutical industry and encourage business innovation, opening the door to the development and production of innovative medicines in the country.
These systems have greatly encouraged the willingness of companies to make innovative medicines, accelerated the process of listing innovative medicines, and the policy dividend has boosted investment in innovative medicines and increased the valuation of innovative pharmaceutical companies.
As a leader in domestic innovation, the company is the country’s oldest pharmaceutical company, which has gone from a “simulating combination” to an “innovating drive” and has for many years been the largest R & D investment in the pharmaceutical industry and the strongest research and development team in the country. The company’s core anti-cancer plate has been innovatively driven, and its research lines in the field of anticancer are already well-established.
These are all new types of drugs, and the new anti-cancer drug program is virtually non-existent. Fast-formlow, the world’s hottest targets in major specialized fields such as anesthesia, diabetes, cardiovasculars, etc., and several heavy-pound varieties are commercialized.
And the market is really research- and development-driven, new pharmaceutical companies like Heung Swe Medicine, Beida Pharmacy, and most pharmaceutical companies are still in transition. The Beida Medicines industry has risen rapidly since the 30% increase in the secondary release of the core variety was maintained, and now Bedape is at 100.
And in slow-disease areas such as gouts, the combined industry average is estimated at 60-70 times the level of Swe, which is a 30 per cent premium on the value of domestic innovation drug taps, stock scarcity, and a reasonable valuation is expected to reach 2019 in 2018 with the approval of the marketed pelioni, sulfur-pe non-gear stellar, and purple sapol proteins.
After the year's national health-care negotiations, it's expected to double. Apadeni's price drops enter the health-care system, it infiltrates the grass-roots coverage, and, as Carrelliads are approved to fight with it, it is expected that Apardeni will continue to grow at about 20%.
The right metomy of the 4+7 range of purchases was determined, the company did not win, but the winning bid was adjusted in the provinces and cities, and the winning bid was positive, and it was expected to grow flat or slightly negative in 2019. Butorphino, due to an overall increase of about 15% in the field of anaesthesia, was affected by the right metomy set-up in 2019.
The domestic film agent industry is still growing at a rapid rate, with domestic industry growth rates expected to remain at a rate of 35 per cent in 2017/2018, while the low base of the two new varieties of platinum platinum and poppy iodide oil as exclusives will continue to double.
Other crops include business plates such as slow-diseases, sensory resistance, non-septic anti-inflammation, raw materials, etc. Companies are slowly waiting for heavy-pound varieties of slow-disease drugs such as tremors, diabetes, rheumatism, cardiovasculars, etc. In April 2019, the company officially announced the use of slow-disease drugs as a breakthrough in the retail market and developed a future.
In 2019-2021, other revenues are expected to increase by 59/45/35 per cent. As the largest, most powerful, marketed pharmaceutical enterprise in the country, the first to achieve a “model-driven” transition to an “innovation-driven” combination, the industry will be given an average of 30 per cent of the flagship premium.
Innovative drug research and development is characterized by high-risk, high-yielding characteristics, although the company’s current innovation model is dominated by me-too/me-better, and the probability of “researching on the shoulders of giants” being successful is much higher.
The risk of failure in the development of new medicines cannot be ignored. The development of new medicines is not as fast as expected.
The demand is high, the same kind of drugs take the lead in marketing, and advanced health insurance can take a significant advantage in the market share. Companies have a large number offast-follow projects, and the pace of research and development is influenced by the recruitment of candidates, cde reviews, etc., and it is difficult to predict accurately the progress of research and development of new medicines.
The procurement of pharmaceutical belts resulted in increased competition for generics, lower prices for generics, lower market occupancy rates and less than expected performance of generics. 9.1, 3 nationally produced pd-1 units combined clinical trials
Table 54: Clinical trials performed by Heng Ripd-1 Table 55: Clinical trials conducted by Sindakpd-1 Table 56: Clinical trials conducted by Gentilepd-1
Table 57: Clinical trials carried out in pd-1, Province of Chijua. 9.2. Summary of 1 type of innovative drug under study in Heng Swe.