BG (601238): The sales in June were on the same page, and there was a significant increase in q2 performance.
Incidents: In recent days, the Volkswagen Group has issued a news bulletin on the sale of goods in June, 23,2478 vehicles and 23,4394 vehicles, representing an increase of 42.12 per cent and 41.16 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year, as follows:
Group companies, the Chinese Mechanical Industries Group, etc., are fighting the effects of the epidemic, winning the industry in the second quarter, with a steady increase in hybrid cars. At the end of March, co-sponsors, etc., set up large state-owned holdings in the form of an initiative.
The outbreak led to a significant adjustment in the second quarter of the automobile industry. According to the China-China Air Association, the stock-based consortium, April-May 2022.
Development, manufacture, sale and after-sale services for vehicles, motorcycles, parts and components of cars, and import and export of automobile-related products Trade, rental of cars, second-hand vehicles, logistics, dismantling, capital
Realising positive growth in sales and winning the industry. Modular cars have continued to rise, with 2022q2 mass gas groups regenerating, car credits, finance leases, commercial factoring, motor vehicles (energy-saving vehicles) selling 1,162,000 and 11,070,000, respectively, and two-quarter hybrid cars accounting for Piti.
In our view, the trend of electric and hybridization of fuel trucks has become clear, and the rise in conglomerates is a reflection of their strong competitiveness in the area of mixing, which also contributes to improved business performance. Analysis of the performance of the autonomous and joint ventures:
Autonomous plates: (a) volume: 1,222 q2 mass vehicle vehicle sales: 82133 vehicles, 7.1 per cent, 9.2 per cent, wide gas EAS sales: 55,377 vehicles, 118.3 per cent, 23.4 per cent, and a total sale of 2022 q2 autonomous plates (EAN+ faxes) of 13,7510 vehicles, 34.7 per cent,
1.6% Wide-air autonomous plate q2 has achieved a significant increase in sales on a year-on-year basis, and the ring ratio has remained almost equal. The high-end car ratio has increased, driving the average price of the passing car.
The second-quarter average price of the same type of car will rise, regardless of the pass and Eyan. 3) Li): The cost of a bicycle is affected by two factors, namely, the decline in the fixed cost of a bicycle as a result of the increase in sales, and the volatility of raw materials prices and high-end vehicle lists
By contrast, 2022q2 wide gas autonomy has improved in volume and price, the ring ratio has been largely flat, but the share of high-end products has increased, the price of Eian prices has increased, the cost of bulk raw materials has been reduced, and we believe that the Māori ratio of 2022q2 is expected to rise in relation to the ring ratio.
Joint venture block 1: (a) volume: Volkswagen Toyota achieved a sales volume of 253,000 vehicles, an increase of 16.6 per cent and 2.5 per cent over the ring; Volvo Honda achieved a sales volume of 145,000 vehicles, a decline in the ring ratio;
72.4%. 2) The high-quality growth of the two fields has led to a sustained increase in profitability; we expect that the ratio of share of the three flag fleet models in the second quarter of Hiroshima will continue to rise, and the mix ratio will rise. Hiroshima Honda will be more affected by the epidemic, but the structure of the vehicles will continue to be concentrated on the high-end pattern, Ya.
S148052100003 Sales of 2022q2 increased to 28%, shadow of 18.5%, and ring increases. Corporate profit forecasting and valuation: the three business sections of the Wide Gas Group show growth, joint ventures
Blocks, Toyota, Toyota and Honda have increased the growth rate of investment returns; Autonomous plates, Eyan S14805107004, are independent, “research and marketing” integrated smart technology electric automobiles, and are in the high-growth, high-value industry.
On July 5, 2022,a,h collected a price of 13, 10 and 9 times the price of the stock of Hiroa.
The price of raw materials was higher than expected by maintaining the “strongly recommended” share of the “bang-a” and “bang-h-h” shares, which were six, four and four times higher, respectively. Wide-bang group (601238): sales increased significantly on a year-on-year basis in June, with q2 operating with a high performance rate.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Volkswagen Group (601238): The year-on-year sales increased significantly in June, and the performance of q2 was good. Li Jinjin Nankai University, M.A., has had many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.