(b) Events: 48,690 million yuan (+40.83 per cent) from H1 in 2022;
Lu Ka-min has a better record in joint ventures, and the acceleration of electric motorization is expected to take a further share. The joint venture is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. The vastness is outstanding: 22h1 has a high volume of innovation, half a million vehicles, compared to 19.9%.
Recovering +38.70 per cent of the main vehicles, such as Flanders, Vegetables, boosted sales and single-car profits, with 152,000 vehicles sold in medium-efficient vehicles, compared with +121.1 per cent, the Japanese two-fielded/plugged/puzzled full-power matrix electrodynamics, as the two fields gradually rolled out the festival around domestic consumer demand.
EA continues to be active and capital operations are accelerating. EA22H1 achieves a sales volume of 10.0 million vehicles, i.e. +133.9 per cent of the year's sales, +194.67 per cent of the revenues, aions and aiony are pure market champions.
In the first half of the year, 40 million vehicles and 44,000 each were sold. The Eiana Round Facility is officially listed and will be available on the market, and we expect that after the completion of the a+ipo Round, the Gbargo Group will hold about 65% of Eian’s shares.
Links with capital markets, full market-based operations, deeper corporate governance structural reforms, with a multi-dollar industrialization context that provides a new boost to the competition of the broad-based Eyan in the new energy truck market. The expansion of the production line has progressed steadily.
400 000 vehicles, with a core test line project started in March; 2) Wide-voltaic Toyota capacity has been expanded from 800,000 to 1 million; 3) Wide-air fleet is optimized by a flexible common-line plant in Hangzhou (fuel + innovative energy vehicle type co-lined): 4) Wide-air new energy capacity expansion in Hiroshima (120,000)
The project has started. The company’s new energy capacity expansion has progressed steadily and is expected to break through the production bottlenecks and generate more revenue.
The \triangleright aionvplus 7 editions, subsidized after sale at a cost of 18,98-2690,000, are the only 200,000 yuan in the current market, 7-car types of smart electricity, and are expected to be the first to take over the market.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: The market process in the new car is not as good as expected, industry risks of falling sales, etc. Figure 1: Corporate revenue & year-on-year increases, figure 2: Corporate net profits & year-on-year increases
Figure 3: Quarterly corporate revenue & year-on-year increase Figure 4: Quarterly net profit return by company & year-on-year increase Figure 5: Quarterly Māori rate by company
Figure 6: Quarterly rates for companies, Figure 7: Monthly sales and increases for wide-bang groups, Figure 8: Monthly sales and increases for wide-breeding vehicles
Figure 9: Massive Toyota monthly sales and acceleration
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the auto industry, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc. Tsao, Sunda, assistant research assistant in the auto industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Technology, Beijing University of Technology, mainly covering
Some are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.