In June, the company, Eian, took up a new power chair, and in June, it produced 232,000 vehicles, compared to 41 per cent, ring + 21 per cent, and cumulatively produced vehicles in January-June.
Car 1149,000, corresponding to +12 per cent. Of these vehicles, Hiro Honda, Hiroshima Toyota, Hiroshima E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A, June, don't make it possible to sell 74,000, 100,000, 24,000, and 33,000.
The company achieved sales of 234,000 vehicles in June, i.e. 41% of the year, ring + 28% of the year ' s year, with a significant rate of growth in the industry, accounting for 1149,000 vehicles, i.e. + 12% of the year ' s year-on-year. The company ' s sales growth in June is expected to significantly win the industry ' s overall water level, and the reforms are beginning to bear fruit.
The series, m8 contributed 6,550 and 5503 vehicles, respectively, in June, leading to an increase in the average price of the flyer. The joint venture was still the bulk of the sales, with a high level of performance, continuing the high growth momentum, with a single month worth more than 100,000.
74,000 vehicles sold in June by Hiroshima Honda, 38 per cent by comparison, 57 per cent by ring, 357,000 vehicles sold in January-June, cumulatively by the same year-38.8 per cent, 100,000 vehicles sold in June by the same ratio, +37.8 per cent by comparison, +20.4 per cent by ring, and January-June by a cumulative amount of 500,000 vehicles, cumulatively by +19.9 per cent by the joint venture brand. Toyota sales recovered more after the outbreak.
In order to be quick, 100,000 monthly sales have broken down, with the main vehicles, Camery, Willanda, Leung Ling, and Flanders selling 2.4, 1.4, 1.9, and 11,000, respectively, and the Veranda edition has recently been on the market, which is expected to contribute to the increase in sales for the second half of the year. With regard to new energy, Eian has sold 24,000 vehicles for a six-month period, with a cumulative sales of over 100,000 and a steady seat on the new power head.
\triangleright, same year +119.9% of them, with a remarkable mass of 24,000 vehicles sold in June, continues to sell at a higher monthly rate of +182%, and 2022h1 in the face of domestic disruptions and general crowding of the supply chain of car companies.
The cumulative sales of EA have broken down by 100,000 vehicles, and the share of the new power chair has reached 83 per cent of the total sales of 2021 (over the same period last year, the sales of 4.29 million units and about 35 per cent of the total sales). EAA has now formed a five-product matrix of limo +suv, with a price of 13,470,000, especially in the 10-20 million mainstream.
In the area, Eianbu has four models of aions, aionsplus, aionv, and aiony, of which aiony was able to sell 12,000 in June. Eian’s sales have remained steady since April’s increase of $6000 to $10,000, showing the combined advantage of Ean’s product power versus value for money. In the second half of the year, the impact of the epidemic has gradually subsided, and the Ministry of Commerce has been able to sell 12,000.
A number of measures to expand car consumption and support the purchase and use of new energy vehicles have been phased in, and domestic oil prices have increased in the coming season, and multiple factors have stimulated the demand for new energy vehicles. EAan sales are expected to rise: the EA II plant will be operational in the fourth quarter, and production capacity will further expand to support delivery growth.
A number of recent research and development and applications in the field of low-carbons have been published on the JIT Day, and a new round of upgrades of the technology-enabling movable property, Sindha Securities Inc.. On June 28, the Academy held a Science and Technology Day under the theme “Scientific Enlightenment”
Cindasecuritiesco. Ltd., Inc., focuses on research and development in a number of affordable sites in the field of smart network and low-carbon areas.
It is based on a star architecture of a wide-blown plusas, with high-efficiency synergy, extremely simple reuse, and cloud synergies, which greatly enhances the efficiency of software development. 2 Upgraded the Digospace of the Focus smart module and the Digopilot of the Focus smart driver, the company plans to move into the first stage of the Global Smart Network R&D team in the next two years.
Release of crystal-crystal superlithium batteries with multiple increases in energy density, circulation, charging speed, low-temperature capacity maintenance. 4 Release of a wave-mixed modular structure, fully adapted to the hev, phev, reev, xev models. With the above-mentioned research and development output, the product under the company's flag will go into a new spiral.
At this level, product upgrading is expected to lead the group to meet the 15% growth target. Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies continuously increase the value of their bicycles on board; joint venture block sales perform well \triangleright
In the second half of the year, with the strength of their own products as an enabler + an external enabler, monthly sales are expected to regenerate risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, shortage of chip supplies, failure to mitigate the epidemic as expected, and unfavorable sales of models.
\triangleright Figure 1: Mass group monthly sales and increase in speed Figure 2: Bulk vehicle monthly sales and increase in speed
Figure 3: Toyota monthly sales and speed of increase in gas, Figure 4: Honda monthly sales and speed of increase in gas, Figure 5: Eyan monthly sales and speed of increase in gas
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry are good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The auto industry chain is full-scale, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.