The company announced sales in June, bringing the total output to 234,000 vehicles, compared to the previous year.
The overall recovery is clear from the impact of the epidemic chip. In June, there was a clear recovery trend across the BIG business units, and the impact of the epidemic on both the supply and demand sides of the industry was reduced, as was the strong product cycle of the company's main business unit.
That's enough to take the lead in a strong recovery.2 Hiro Honda reversed the deceleration of its rapid growth in June. The sales volume for the month of June grew by 38% on a year-on-year basis, out of the negative growth of the previous two months. The demand for the entire product line is still high.
The main vehicles, such as Wang Sheng, Yakaku (22,000) and Jikage (13,000) remain in the best-selling model, and there is room for upgrading once supply-side bottlenecks open. Total equity/flow (million shares)
Three large-scale single-month sales have reached a new high of nearly 100,000. In June, the bulk of sales was 100,000, with a record output of 95,000 at the highest/minimum level in 12 months.
Constraint, the production of 95,000 units per month in June meant that the vast production capacity was further advanced.
The double pressure of the missing core highlights the powerful cycles of the vastness, the EA, the spread of the disease - 2022/05/08 4 - the EA's legend is active at the same time, and the potential of the wide-voltage autonomous plate is infinite.
The BG's 22q1 performance rating has been evaluated by Eyan.
One of the best-selled pure electric brands, especially for young consumers, is more acceptable.
- 2022/04/28 Passage becomes one of the higher autonomous brands in the asp, where electricity and fuel will continue to co-operate in the future.
The Whitewood team is evaluating the volume of sales in March - the company's strong sales surge, and it's doing a great job.
The value level of the car factory does not reflect the firm's strong potential for smart electric power.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.