Volkswagen (601238) car h1 performed very well and autonomous electro-intelligence accelerated the promotion of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: Guangbo Group reported in its 2022nd report: 48.45 billion yuan in the first half of the year, or +41.2% in the same year; net profit of 5.75 billion yuan in the same year, or +32.6% in the same year, of which 25.42 billion won in the q2 battalion, and the company performed well in the same ring. Despite the outbreak and lack of core disturbance in the first half of the year, the company's revenue and net profit are tied to the net profit.
Rapid growth was achieved, reflecting the company’s excellent supply chain management capacity. The company’s Māori/net growth continued in the first half of the year, the company’s business growth was sustained and profitability improved over time.
+12%, which is significantly higher than the 3.5% increase in the car industry. Of these, the autonomous Twin Stars spread 17.3 per 100,000 copies, compared with Eyon's 14.3 per cent/133.9 per cent performance; the average price of the entire car rose to $148,000 in the first half of the year, and the product structure continued to improve.
The sales volume of 35.7.5 million, corresponding to 3.8 per cent/+19.9 per cent, was generally slightly reduced by the effects of the epidemic, and the volume of sales was excellent, relying on excellent supply chain management and the new cycle of cars, such as Sena and Flanda, with an investment return of $8.42 billion, compared with 33.1 per cent.
Active layouts in the field of electrodynamic intelligence, contributing to medium- and long-term growth. 1) Wave-mixed modular architecture contributes to a full-blown transformation; Eiana Round financing continues to expand, productively expanded and autonomously developed. Electric brands are rapidly developing: August 25, company announcement to establish Green Battery, with a total investment of $10.9 billion, E
An/bang car/bang commercials held 51/40/9/0/0/0/0. At the same time, the giant bay technology development has an extremely high-speed charge, power cell cores, modules, and pack systems to enhance the autonomous control of the core parts of the future new energy source. 2) This year, the company released a completely new and evolving adigo mind-drive ecosystem (digo).
Space and adigopilot, as well as the Putaios operating system, developed from a star-based architecture, are helping to make the full picture smart. At $1.31, the net return profit over the next three years will maintain a 23% compound growth rate and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Risks of higher than expected price increases, lower than expected cost controls. Wide Air Group (601238): higher production and sales in July and higher innovation (2022-08-05)
Wide Steam Group (601238): The autonomous rise of senior executives who have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.