"Gang Group" (601238): "Ayan's brands go up, roll the Xanax on the market."
In recent days, Hiromo Eyan has launched the new logo "ai arrow" and launched the new high-end series -- hyper and the first electric sports car -- hypersr. On September 25th, the big-blowing video of the new Suv was officially launched by Guangzhou AutoIndustries Ltd., Wandi.
As co-sponsors, such as the Group, the China Mechanical Industries Group, and others, large state-owned holdings created by means of the initiative, Eyan has stepped up the brand.
The main operations include the independent operation of the BMA 2020 brand and the positioning of the high-end smart electric vehicle brand.
Sales and after-sale services, as well as the import and export of automobile-related products Trade, car rentals, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, capital EAA sales volume, 152,305, an increase of 133.37 per cent over the same period, EAA sales entering the fast track.
Source regenerative, car credit, finance lease, commercial factoring, E-A-A-A-A-A-R-A-A-A-A-A-T. According to the network of company officials, the two-car-type pricing areas are $14,681.1916 million and $130.76 million and $18.98 million, respectively.
We believe that, with the release of the new logo "ai arrow," the new product will be a reminder of major events for the next three to six months: card image and the introduction of the high-end hyper series will contribute significantly to the process of high-end Emanization.
In conjunction with China, Eian has set up a scientific research laboratory in the field of new batteries, electric power-driven technologies, air debt and cross-stocking: aerodynamic design, new materials, ai control, high-precision positioning, satellite remote sensing technology.
These technologies are in the core technology of smart electric cars, and we expect a win-win connection between the two sides. The campaign continues to push the hybrid strategy forward, the film is on the market, and the hybrid purchase threshold is further reduced: 25 September
Day, the film was on the market, and the fuel version was divided into 1.5t+7wdct (wet version) and 2.0t+8at, 52-week share price interval 2.0atk (mixed special engine)+gmc 2.0 machine coupling system with three versions.
At the same time, prices have been revised downwards by $2,200 compared to the price of the pre-sale price, with a further increase in the value of the value of the sex. Combination compared to the configuration of the fuel vehicle, such as 2.0atk Twin Star Pro for 2.0t Neutron Star pro for 11.9%, while the low-intensity hybrid Double Star is only more expensive than 2.0t Neutron Pro for the film.
4.9%. We believe that the hybrid model is better in driving than fuel vehicles, especially at low speed acceleration, while at the same time it is better fuel-efficient, and that the hard mix entry price further narrows the gap with fuel cars and has a stronger value-for-money advantage.
Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations: The sustained high growth of EAA, the spread of a hybrid strategy (the roll-out of m8, m8 and leopard, etc.) opens up a full recovery of the company’s autonomy, which will be driven by the two fields. On 25 September 2022,a shares were collected, and BWA shares were 11, 8 and 7 times higher, respectively.
The price of raw materials rises faster than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Volkswagen Group (601238): The Eian brand has been up, with a master ' s degree in management from Li Jinjin Nankai University, with many years of research experience in automobiles and spare parts, and has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.