Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): In the late season of July, the ring fell slightly, and Eyan lost 25,000 vehicles in the month of July: Volkswagen produced 23.36 million vehicles in July, compared to +42.7 per cent, ring + 0.5 per cent; July
The sales volume was 22 million vehicles, 21.9 per cent of the same year, and the ring ratio was 5.3 per cent, of which the sales volume was 75,000 vehicles, 84,000 vehicles, 25,000 vehicles, 31,000 vehicles, and 31,000 vehicles, respectively, in July.
In June, the group sales, stimulated by the acquisition tax, were close to the end of the previous year’s season. Wide-space chess sold 31,000 in July, i.e. +7 per cent/-5 per cent of the same ring ratio; wide-air Toyota sold 84,000 in July, i.e. 12 per cent/-17 per cent of the same ring ratio; Hiroshima sold 75,000 vehicles in July, i.e. 25 per cent/ 2 per cent of the same ring ratio; and wide gas.
Eian sold 25,000 vehicles in July, compared to 138 per cent/+4 per cent of the ring. EAan, Guangmoto and EAan are growing, closing 25,000 per month. 1) EAA sales are less affected by seasonal events, and sales continue to grow at a high rate, breaking 20,000 in two consecutive months, and are currently unpaid.
In the second half of the year, we expect Eian monthly sales to remain high and annual sales to reach 250,000. 2) Wide copy rings are better than small ones, and the number of key car-type estuaries is 24,000, with the same ring + 137 per cent + 11 per cent;
In the first half of the year, it was less affected by the supply chain, and in July it was more innovative than in June, with 84,000 sales.
Vehicles, same year + 12 per cent, yielding 86,000 vehicles, same year + 20 per cent. In July, a total of 3 vehicles were sold in excess of 10,000, the same ring + 3 per cent/-6 per cent, the same ring + 1.69 million, and the same ring + 21 per cent/14 per cent.)
It's going to be officially on the market in September, as a gs4 replacement model, with a sale price reference for gs4, gs4 plus. It's expected to be in 100,000-160,000 areas, with an aerial axle-style design, leaping through the raster front face, with eight class 1-2 smart driving aids, a panorama, and 14.6 inches.
The technology screen, which provides wave power 1.5t, wave power 2.0t and wave mixing gmc 2.0, is three power specifications, the limit of which can be extended to 1711 km and is expected to be a new distribution volume, and the process of mixing and electricizing is accelerating.
\triangleright mix, plug-in, pure-electric full matrix electricization, which will cover all three technologies in the future.
The sale of fuel trucks will be stopped in two fields. ltd. As the joint venture brand continues to develop in the field of hybrid, pure electrical technology, building 1 of the 9th House of the City of Beijing West Side Street, Beijing.
Inputs, improved distribution of channels, and a better understanding of the domestic electricity market are expected to boost market competition and capture the share of the market for electric vehicles, thanks to the presence of slogans, market-occupancy matrices and technological accumulations in the field of fuel trucks.
The new Eian launch project has been pre-listed and will be on the market next year. On July 18, E-Ann's launch of the new Replenishment Replenishment project is scheduled to be completed in three quarters, followed by an ipo declaration in March next year.
About 30% of the group’s share ratio is expected to be about 65% of EAN’s share in the big group after the ipo is completed. This new round of campaign replenishment will boost EA’s overall valuation, while building on EA’s links with capital markets, fully marketed operations, and deeper corporate governance restructuring.
The multiplicity of industrialization contexts is a further boost to the new energy vehicle market competition of the Volkswagen Eyan. Profit predictions and investment ratings: corporate terminal recovery in the second half of the year, sustained policy gains, Eyan sales are expected to continue strong, joint venture brand power is accelerating, and the company is expected to return to its net home in 2022-2024.
Risk factors: price fluctuations in raw materials, shortage of chip supplies, failure to mitigate the epidemic as expected, pattern of vehicle: monthly sales and acceleration of wide-gas groups
Figure 3: Toyota monthly sales and speed of increase in gas, Figure 4: Honda monthly sales and speed of increase in gas, Figure 5: Eyan monthly sales and speed of increase in gas
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry are good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The auto industry chain is full-scale, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.