Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): Ayan launched a new logo, released a high-end brand overrun, further brand up: September 15th, the night of Eean brand released a new logo "ai arrow" and launched a new brand.
All new high-end hyperpits, with the release of "China's First Super Run" - a product-grade pure electric superdrive.
On the night of September 15, the new logo "ai arrow" was released, the new high-end hypersr was launched, and the new brand's headlines were released. Hyperssr had a breakthrough.
The hard weight of the ceiling product, overruns the mark of $5 million: performance, two-block, one-high power, zero-speed 1.9s, the only vehicle with a 100-km acceleration of less than 2s worldwide; appearance, use of the only two-way self-responsive response worldwide + 100 per cent of the windfly wings + 10 million levels
In terms of carbon fibre overlays; in terms of intelligence, it is equipped with i-track technology, carrying i-trading systems, ace digital coach, etc., to make up for the lack of driving pleasure in electric cars. Two versions: hyperssr pre-sale $12.86 million, hyperssultimate pre-sale.
The next October is expected to be delivered. The new technology senses logo plus the new high-end brand plus the pure-power run of the production class, and helps to rejuvenate and make a further breakthrough.
In August, in the traditional industrial season, EA achieved 27,000 vehicles, ring + 7.94 per cent, year + 132.68 per cent, and in January-August EA cumulatively delivered 152,000 vehicles, year-on-year, year-on-year.
In terms of sales, EA has set up a niche platform, which is expected to expand further, along with capacity, and EA will challenge the sales target of 300,000 vehicles this year, an increase of 154 per cent over the 2021 year-on-year.
The E-A-A-E-A-E-A-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-S-E-S-E-E-S-E-E-S-E-E-S-E-S-E-E-E-E-S-E-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-E-S-E-S-E-E-E-E-S-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-S.
Experts in the fields of services, electricity grids, etc. will join EAA as a strategic co-director. In follow-up, EA will complete a round of financing, with an opportunity to market in 2023, and capitalization will accelerate to a new stage.
With the expansion of self-research and joint R & D boundaries, cutting-edge smart electric technology continues to fall. With new technologies, EA created two-blocked high-energy power plants that can achieve instant power by switching barriers.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. 12,000 cattle wheels peak torque with low-hot formulas and low-inflated tyres in aviation in cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In the high iron sector, 900v carbonized silicon chips (2.5 times the frequency of work, 80% reduction in effort) 1.
The scientific and technological results will be applied to the hyperplate, which will include running, sedans, suv, mpv, etc., in the fields of new batteries, electric power-driven technologies, aerodynamic designs, new materials, ai control, high-precision positioning, satellite remote sensing technology, etc.
\triangleright \triangleright
We expect the company to increase its sales of new energy vehicles by 2022-2024 as a risk factor: the process of listing new models is not as good as expected, the risk of falling sales in the industry, and so on.
\triangleright Figure 2: Company ' s calendar year net profit / year-on-year increase Figure 4: Company ' s quarterly return net profit / year-on-year increase
Figure 5: Quarterly Mäori ratio of companies Figure 6: Quarterly cost rate of companies 4 core team members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, good at top-down investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, and so on. Cao Zingjie, Assistant Researcher in the Sinda Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, smart cars, car connections, new driving forces, etc.
Ding Ding, M.A., University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. Part of this is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.