BG (601238) vehicles July production/sales increased by the same amount, Eian monthly sales were more innovative, and South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
6.1% of the aggregate sales this year were 13.7 million, a 13.5% increase compared to the previous year, showing a marked improvement over the industry. According to brand brand brands, sales in July continued their upward trend in June, with a larger and larger volume than in the light season, an increase of 11.8% compared to the same year and a 16.7% decline in the ring.
In July, EA recorded a growth of 25,000, or 138.3 per cent in the same year, and monthly sales continued to be innovative, of which EAY sold 12.5 million, or 50.1 per cent.
At present, EA is well-ordered, and in the future, driven by the end-of-subsidization effect, we expect that EA will continue to grow at a high rate, and monthly sales are expected to continue at a high level of innovation. In July of 22 years ago, EA reached 125,000, an increase of 134.7 per cent compared to the previous year, with the prospect of a breakthrough of 250,000.
The overall trend in the sales of hybrid energy-efficient vehicles, dominated by a large range of capital, is good. In July, the bulk of the cars sold were 42,000, 80.5% higher than in July, 15.2% lower in the ring, and the previous month, the cumulative volume of 262,000 more, 79.2% higher.
With mature blending techniques and strong product power, the future amplification sales are expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate, while this year's distribution will continue to push deeper the mixing route, followed by the subsequent listing of the leopards, the film-cooking and the m8-m8-type hybrids, thus helping the group to increase the amplification sales to new heights.
In the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound growth rate of 26.8%. Given that the main product under the corporate flag continues to be active in the field of mixing and electric intelligence, and that the convergence of policies has been catalyzed, future sales are expected to continue to be good, with the vastness of the new cycle expected to be the main source of sales and profits for the company this year.
1. Broad Air Group (601238): Autonomous rise, commensurate with the risk of higher than expected price increases: lower-than-expected risk of cost control, and Noro has received no direct or indirect compensation for, and will not receive, any form of compensation for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.