Researchchand developmentcenter "violet" on the clouds, sparkling "everything is connected."
– Ultraviolet shares (000938.sz) are reported in depth, and there are significant synergies in the entire industrial chain layout of the cloud, the cloud-net-side-end-core, a leading digital infrastructure manufacturer.
Utility shares (000938.sz) Nucleic companies such as Xinhua III, Purple Digital, Purple Software, Utility Western Data, Purple Clouds, among which Xinhua is a flagship operating ship with a full-dimensional digitization base of Xinhua-Net-rim-end-core
Xinhua is competitive, and is expected to benefit from a higher profile of the industry, marginal changes in competition patterns, and overseas.
Business expansion. Xinhua three main products share of the domestic market in 2020: Ethernet switchboard (35%), enterprise network routers (30.8%), enterprise class wlan (31.3%), x86 servers (15.4%), storage (11.4%), safety hardware (9.4%), super-integration (20.7%) are all in the Top3 line.
Products are competitive. With rising demand for digital infrastructure in the age of connectivity and increased operator capital spending, industrial cakes are expected to grow continuously; with China facing a partial supply of chips subject to sanctions, the counterpart products are expected to take on a share of the original market; and overseas markets are expected to produce.
In the context of a gradual decline in the share of traditional overseas giants, such as Cisco, 5g has been used to overturn and replicate China’s success in expanding overseas operations. The Xinhua three-high performance intelligence network is expected to lead to a sustained increase in corporate profitability.
It is expected to be released in 2022, with a dynamic high-end web chip market conducive to inter-firm synergies, maintaining a competitive advantage, and leading to a further increase in profitability. Given the positive trend in the resolution of the debt crisis of the UltraLight Group, an indirect shareholder, companies are expected to experience growth and growth in their performance.
On July 20, the Purple Group issued an announcement on the recruitment campaign, underscoring that the campaign should take over from the group or its core industry and take advantage of the synergies of the industry.
After the war, the purple shares are expected to further eliminate the negative effects of the debt crisis of the Indirect Holdings Purple Group, and to continue to benefit from the synergies of the industries, in anticipation of the “Davis double-click” of performance growth and higher valuations.The first coverage was given, with a “buy-in” rating: we believe that companies are leading producers of digital infrastructure.
Xinhua’s core asset, Xinhua Tripo, has a high potential to sustain beneficial sector growth, changing patterns of competition and sea-based Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The market should focus on Xinhua's core subsidiary Xinhua's global niche in ict infrastructure and services. Xinhua's focus on ict features, Xinhua's potential to become a global champion in ict infrastructure and services. (1) Strong product competition.
The three main products of Xinhua, the Xinhua network exchange, enterprise network routers, enterprise-level wlan, x86 servers, storage, safe hardware, super-integration, etc., are among the top domestic market shares, with strong product competitiveness; (2) excellent R & D capabilities, with more than 50 per cent of Xinhua R & D staff, and a total of more than 12,000 patent applications, of which more than 90 per cent are patents for inventions, technology deposits, etc.
The success and volume of the rich, high-end web-based microchip 660 is further evidence of the company ' s excellent R & D capabilities; (3) global ict flagship holdings, such as China, 3com, Hewlett-Packard, fully absorbing the internationalized management experience of leading global manufacturers; and (4) excellent management teams, with a core management of the operator and global ict leader business background, with a first-class professional management.
Markets should focus on the growth potential of the public sector’s performance as a result of such drivers as the upturn in industry, the marginal changes in industry’s competitive patterns, and the expansion of overseas operations.
At the same time, with China facing partial chip supply as a result of United States sanctions, companies are expected to take on a share of the market. Moreover, in offshore markets, companies are expected to gradually reduce their share of traditional overseas giants, such as Cisco, by virtue of their product and R & D advantages.
Markets should focus on a sustainable increase in the profitability of companies’ self-researching high-end web chips. Xinhua’s Xinhua 3-high-performance network chip intelligence Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinjiang Xinhua Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang has successfully launched its mass production in July 2021, and the 7nm program’s wisdom 800 is expected to be released in 2022.
The chip will be sold further to the partner after first satisfying itself. We believe that the use of the self-research chip will further reduce the cost and increase the Māori ratio of the company ' s products on the basis of the existing autonomous control and security of the core components supply chain; and selling the chip to the partner will further enhance the company ' s profitability.
On the 20th of the month, the announcement of the recruitment strategy investors was issued, and it was stressed that the campaign was an overall battle in which strategic investors would have to assume the core industry of either the Purple Group or the Purple Group. We believe that there is a core quality of the cloud net and chip industry panels under the flag of the Purple Group, and that the introduction of the campaign is expected to further mitigate the Group’s debt risk and maximize the value of the company’s industry.
The GLIG debt crisis is on the right track, and the announcement further emphasizes that the recruitment will be guided by the need to support and promote the overall development of the corporate chip and cloudnet industries, the core entity of the GLIG, with emphasis on maximizing industrial synergies and enhancing industrial value. The introduction of a competitive investment is expected to provide a positive boost to the future operation of the GLA stock.
With this, the company is expected to further its performance growth and valuing “Davis double-click.” I. Purple shares: digital economy foundation builders 1.1 leading producers in the electronic information industry in the country, deep layout of the cloud-net-side-end-core chain of industries
Purple shares are the leading electronic information industry in the country, which was launched in 1999 by the Qinghua Purple Corporation and listed on the deep-seated board in 1999. Since its inception, companies have funded the establishment and acquisition of a comprehensive, deep-scale “Cloud-Web-End-Engl” industrial chain with products from generic to industry-specific products, from core chips to system wholes, etc.
Based on the vertical integration capabilities of industry-wide chains and vertical technologies applied at the centre and on the cloud, one-stop digitizing solutions, as well as end-to-end technical services, such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, smart connectivity, industrial Internet, information security, new security, object networking, margin computing, etc., can be provided.
The Ministry of Education is the actual owner of the stockholding, with 48.57% of the shares held indirectly through the Qing Hua Holdings.
Major subsidiaries include the fully-owned company Purple Light Software Systems Ltd. (“violet software”), the Purple Digital (Suzhou) Group Ltd. (“violet digital”), the holding company Xinhua Three Group Ltd. (“Xinhua San”), Purple Western Data Limited (“violet western data”) and Purple Cloud Technology Limited (“violet cloud”), among others.
Figure 2: The stock structure of Xinhua shares 1.2 Performances of Xinhua III M&As have grown steadily since Xinhua III. The Xinhua III shares were acquired and incorporated into the merger in 2016. After Xinhua III, the company gradually completed the "Cloud Clouds"
In 2020, the company achieved business income of 59.705 billion yuan, rising step by step to 30.750 billion yuan, an increase of about 20 per cent over the previous year, and a net return of 926 million yuan, an increase of about 5 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
The share of ict infrastructure and services operations is increasing. The ict infrastructure and services operations consist mainly of company-owned computing, storage, network, and security operations.
The share is declining, and the company’s revenue and gross profit structure is more rational. Without considering the combined offset data, in 2020 the company’s share of the total revenue from infrastructure and services operations reached about 60% and the gross profit from the total Māori was about 82.7%;
Figure 6: Gross profit composition of purple shares Māori ratio, ikt infrastructure and service operations with a relatively high but declining trend from year to year, reaching about 26.16 per cent in the first half of 2021, the main reason we believe should be an increase in sales of server products with a relatively low Māori rate in recent years
As a result, the Māori ratio for the distribution of its products and supply chain services is relatively low and stable, at about 6.45% in 2020. As a result of the annual rise in the share of ict infrastructure and service operations with relatively high gross interest rates, the company ' s combined Māori rate has remained relatively stable for almost five years and has declined slightly since 2017.
Trends, sales rates rebounded in the first half of 2021, mainly as a result of higher staff and market costs on a year-on-year basis.
The internal synergies are evident in the entire industry chain of the " Cloud-net-side-end-core-chip" layout. Of these, Xinhua San is a core subsidiary with a full-scale digital infrastructure capability of chip, computing, storage, network, 5g, security, terminal, etc., as well as an exclusive provider of hpe servers, storage and technology services in China: Purple Digital for Corporateit Distribution and the ict supply chain industry.
Major providers: Purple software is an important component of the company's cloud web plate, and operations are based on traditional systems, gradually extending to areas such as high value chain software development, software services and platform operations: both western purple data and purple clouds are important components of the company's “core cloud strategy”, western purple data are primarily a storage product, and purple clouds can provide full-blown cloud services.
1.3.1 Xinhua III: Create a leading provider of full-scale digital infrastructure, Xinhua San is the Xinhua Nucleus, the main performance growth point. Xinhua San has been acquired by the Xinhua III since 2016
Performance has continued to grow steadily, and it has also become a major source of growth in the performance of the purple shares. Without consideration of the internal merger offsetting, in 2020 Xinhua was able to raise 36.799 billion yuan, an increase of 14.08 per cent, a compound increase of 27.47 per cent between 2016 and 2020, and from the early days of its existence, it was “melted” by the world’s leading ict manufacturer, with nearly 20-carict industries.
In 2006-2007, Xinhua transferred 51% of its holdings of huawai3com to 3com, and changed its name to H3c in 2007.
In 2015, Hewlett-Packard was divided into Hpinc. and Hpe, and in 2016 the Purple shares spent $2.5 billion on the purchase of 31% of the Chinese stock. We believe that Xinhua-Sin-Hin-Hin-Hu-Chu has been managing the holdings of China, 3com, and Hewlett-Packard since its inception, effectively absorbing global leaders, both domestically and internationally.
The ict manufacturer’s management experience provides a good basis for future overseas expansion. Focusing on the ict industry chain almost 20 years ago, there is a wealth of technology and industry experience that has the potential to become the global ict leader.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• Hewlett-Packard split into Hpinc. and Hpe Haawei3com, Hua Hewlett-Packard at $2.7 billion
The sum of $2.5 billion spent on the violet shares of the huawaei 3com 51 per cent was collected in April 2007, Haawai 3com
Thirty-one percent of the shares are purchased, and the hope is officially renamed H3c, with the remaining 49 percent, in 2016.
The core management team has a background of operators or leading ict manufacturers, and the top professional management team will be one of the central drivers of the company’s future performance growth. The Xinhua core management team, including line managers, has a working background of large domestic telecom operators and leading global ict manufacturers, such as Hua, Hewlett-Packard, and Hwa, with many years of managerial and work experience.
We believe that a first-rate and professional core management team, which will help the firm’s business development strategy to be properly formulated and effectively implemented, will be one of the central drivers of the company’s future performance growth. The product, Cloud-Web-End-Englump, is a full-scale layout that builds a one-stop digital infrastructure provider.
Deep layout “Cloud-net-side-end-core” industry-wide chain, continuously upgrading digital and intelligent enabling levels, with a full-scale digital infrastructure capability of chip, computing, storage, network, 5g, security, terminals, etc., providing cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, information security, smart connections, ai visual, margin computing, etc.
Research and development workers now account for more than 50% of the total number of patent applications, more than 12,000, of which more than 90% are inventions. We believe that companies have a full-scale layout in digital infrastructure, reinforcing research and development inputs and building up large amounts of technology patents.
Effective intra-operational synergies can be achieved to continuously enhance the competitive edge of corporate products. 1.3.2 Purple digital: China ' s T-distribution and the ict Integrated Supply Chain Service Flagship. Purple digital is an integrated service provider of the t-distribution and ict supply chain under the flag of the purple share.
Xinhua, Sankoh and Sanxing are important partners in the Chinese district, with three main headquarters bases in Beijing, Suzhou and Tianjin, covering 12 platforms and 38 offices in the 1-3-line cities, with more than 60 high-value warehouse houses in nearly 30 cities, guaranteed time limits for commodities, and a logistics network covering more than 600 cities.
A business extension to smart logistics and supply chain finance, with a “one-headed two-wing” development strategy. Corporate performance has grown steadily, with the 2020 Purple Software 1.3.3 “Focus + Synergy” .
Launched in 2001, Purple Software is an important component of the Purple Group cloud grid, adhering to the “Focus+Synergy” development strategy, which focuses on the areas of government, the energy industry, and science, technology and innovation, working with the Xinhua tri-group, the purple cloud, the violet west, etc., and working with external partners. In the energy sector, electricity products and solutions have been successfully applied to the top three.
Power generation groups, more than 2,000 grass-roots plants and more than 20,000 system users. In 2020, 2,347 million yuan was collected, compared to 1.3.4 western purple light data: the Group's “chilling cloud strategy” is an important ring.
The data is an important link in the chain of the Utility Group from the “core” to the “ Cloud” industry, combining the Utility Group and Western data with their leading advantages in technology research and development, design production, and market promotion, bringing large data storage solutions to customers that are more responsive to the needs of the Chinese market. The Utility West data storage products are mainly hard disks and encrypted hard disks.
1.3.5 Purple Clouds: Building the All-Back Cloud Service. Purple Cloud Technology Ltd. was established in 2018 as an important component of the Group's “Crying Cloud Strategy”, focusing on City of Wisdom, publicly owned cloud research and development, operation and marketing, industrial Internet, etc., and is committed to becoming a leading cloud service provider.
The purple cloud-wide cloud service consists of three components: basic services, platform services, and application services, providing 16 broad categories of 300+ cloud service products. Basic services currently provide computing, storage, network, security, monitoring of five broad categories of products: platform service delivery, large data, intermediates, containers, ai, iot 6, more than 100 products and tools; application service delivery
At present, purple clouds have created teams of specialists and research and development teams in more than 10 industries, including cloud services, industrial Internet, chip clouds, construction clouds, water clouds, smart cities, finance, etc., whose cloud services, smart cities, and industrial clouds have landed in more than 20 provincial cities and cities.
1.4 The Utility Group debt crisis is on the right track, and companies are expected to move forward with valuations, with a decline in the share value of the purple light as a core subsidiary of its cloud network industry since the October 2020 Utility Group debt crisis, starting a steady rebound in April-May 2021.
The Court ruled in the case of the Reorganization of the Purple Group, which issued a recruitment strategy announcement on July 20, and stressed that the battle was a whole battle and that strategic investors were required to take over the central industry of the Purple Group or the Purple Group as a whole. We believe that there are core high-quality targets for both the cloud grid and the chip industry.
The current trend towards the solution of the debt crisis of the Purple Group is positive, and further emphasis is placed on the need to support and promote the development of the corporate chip industry and cloudnet industry in the core entities of the Purple Group, with emphasis on maximizing synergies and enhancing the value of the industry.
The company’s valuation is expected to rise further, with a positive boost to the future operation of the purple shares. Figure 21: Purple Group Equity Structure II, Digital Infrastructure Core Assets - Xinhua III
2.1.1 Teennet exchange: The market has grown steadily, forming a three-way pattern of China and Xinhua. According to idc and Prospective Industries Institute statistics and projections, we are expected to reach $4.10 billion in 2020, an increase of 2.49 per cent compared to 2022.
At $4.50 billion, the combined growth rate in 2019-2022 was 4.30%. In the competitive pattern, the domestic market became a three-fold China and Xinhua conglomerate, with a market share of about 39% in 2019, according to statistics from idc and the Institute of Foresight Industries, and Xinhua accounted for 35.50%, the second largest.
The Xinhua Triple Switch presents three advantages, guided by the concept of smart connectivity. One is to provide intelligent endogenous capabilities, with H3c seerblade having super-arithmetic capabilities under the smart network, providing a platform for the creation of a new generation of data centre networks that integrate intelligence; the other is to provide 400g super-broadness, with h3cs12500r based on industry-led 400g platform, with single-hull support at the top 48th end.
X400g relay performance: Third, multi-operational integration capacity is provided, and the H3c campus switch has multi-operational integration capability for integration ac, sdn, pon, integration security etc. The share of the bid in the package is estimated to be approximately $462.3 million, representing the total purchase value of the disclosed package.
In our view, the selection of Xinhua 3 won more than a third of the bid that has been disclosed, further reflecting the customer's recognition of the company's products and the company's combined strength. 2.1.2 Routers: market concentration is high, and China is unique.
The size of the country ' s router market will reach $3.770 billion a year, an increase of 357 per cent a year; it is expected to reach $4.240 billion in 2022, an increase of 6 per cent a year, and a compound increase of 5.22 per cent a year in 2019-2022. In a competitive pattern, the country ' s overall router market is unique, with a market share of 79 per cent in 2019, with a higher concentration and Xinhua ' s share of about 6 per cent.
Xinhua's three router product represents a four-point advantage. First, hardware clustering, super-capacity, super-high extension: its second, itt&c resource mix, which provides less time-consuming, more reliable security for the high cloud; third, the use of sdn+srv6, simplified protocols, the number of applications, reduced business start-up times; and finally, for credibility, the use of end-to-end access and state secrets programmes to make the network more accessible.
Safe, and more secure, data transmission. During the recent Chinese move of high-end routers and switches 2021-2022, Xinhua has again won the four-point mark, accounting for 34.27 per cent of the total estimated purchase value of the disclosed package, further demonstrating the competitive advantage of products such as company routers in the same products in the market.
2.1.3 Wi-Fi6 is expected to be the next growth point in the wlan market, with a steady increase in market size and a gradual increase in the share of w-fi6. According to idc statistics and projections, in 2020, my country ' s firm-level wlan market was 870 million United States dollars (US$) and Wi-fi6 showed a sharp performance of US$ 270 million, representing the total.
31.2% of the size of the wlan market: by 2024, the size of the wlan market at the enterprise level is expected to reach $1.1 billion. For household wlan, the total market size in 2020 was about $3.3 billion, of which the consumer router w-fi6 product ratio reached 14.7% and is expected to increase further in the future; in 2024, my country is expected to use the wlan market size.
For 12 consecutive years, Xinhua has maintained its first share of the market at the level of the domestic firm wlan. According to the annual report of the Purple Shares, the market share of Xinhua Level wlan products was 31.10%, 30.90%, and 31.30% respectively, from 2018 to 2020. Extreme enhancement technology has been used to improve overall wireless transmission efficiency, signal coverage, and user experience.
The technological accumulation of w-fi6 products is expected to continue the competitive edge and leading share of the corporate wlan market in the wlan w-fi6 era and to penetrate the home wlan market and continue to share the w-fi6 dividend. 2.2 Servers and storage
2.2.1 Servers: The industry has a low and steadily rising share of the company. From up to downstream, the industry has a near upwards threshold. According to the medium-term financial report of Alibaba, the company's capital began spending $12.5 billion in two quarters, a slight decline in comparison with the previous quarter, but the rate of growth in one quarter has risen.
In general, the number of servers moving up and down this year against the background of the high base in the first half of last year is still low, but we believe that in the second half of the year, the base has declined relative to the same period, with industry cycles or continuous upswings in terms of acceleration, while the demand for servers under the digital trend has improved over the long term, with downstream stocks digested over the course of the year.
Figure 34: Capital expenditure and acceleration in Alibaba, Figure 35: Capital expenditure and acceleration in Tseng Holdings, Ali's capital expenditure (billion yuan, left axis) - same ratio of capital expenditure (right axis)
Figure 36: Monthly and quarterly income growth is expected to increase steadily in China’s server market over the long term. According to idc, in 2020, China’s server market volume was 3.5 million, an increase of 9.8 per cent compared to the previous year; the market size was $21,649 billion (approximately RMB 148,999 million).
China’s server market will continue to grow healthy and stable over five years. In 2021-2025, China’s server market will continue to grow steadily from 2019-2025, when China’s server market is projected to be larger than Dale’s share in the domestic server market from 2018 to 2020.
In recent years, the company has acquired its own new technology, a global landscape, and a series of applications-driven solutions and products, including hangars, with the exception of proxy hpe servers.
Servers, blade servers, tower servers, high-density servers and key business servers fully cover major data, virtualization, cloud computing, etc., to meet the needs of domestic users for safe and controlled applications. We believe that, in the context of digitalization and the trend towards nationalization, companies are expected to maintain high sales of H3c servers through their market channels in the area of network equipment.
2.2.2 External storage at the enterprise level: the domestic market has grown faster than the global market, and the firm’s home-to-country presence has stabilized at the second highest level, with technological innovations driving the growth of the Chinese and foreign storage markets. According to idc, the first quarter of 2020 was affected by the epidemic, with the external storage market at the central enterprise level declining by 7.8% compared to the previous year, the market has been warming since then, reaching a year-round in 2020 compared to the same period last year.
By 17.5% of the same-year growth, the market size reached $4.84 billion (approximately RMB 33.4 billion). e2envme, sds, and hci new technologies have also gradually been applied to financial, high-end manufacturing, block-chain mining, etc. In the post-epidemiology era, more businesses will increase the input of the int infrastructure: accelerating the digital transformation process: cloudy, mixed cloud deployment will also continue.
idc expects a growth rate of 7.8% in the next five years of the central and foreign storage market, with a steady increase in the share of all-spill product support companies in 2025. As the digital economy continues, only industries like finance, which require the corresponding capabilities of high-frequency data, need to be stored in fulls.
The medical, energy, etc. industry is also pursuing a much higher demand for storage response. Data are becoming more and more popular, and distributional storage is becoming more dominant, and future all-mortality arrays and all-distributive storage will continue to drive a healthy growth in the Chinese and foreign storage markets over the next few years.
Efficiency in processing and performance enhancement; industry-level 1 supports scm commercial storage, with a maximum delay of >50%, and high-product competitiveness is expected to contribute to a continuous increase in the share of companies.
Figure 41: The company ' s all-embracing h3ccf22000g2 series 2.3 Super-integration, sdn and cloud management platforms, as innovators of cloud technology, practitioners of cloud applications, enablers of cloud operations, builders of cloud ecology, and promote a variety of types
Business applications change and innovation, transforming and upgrading the digital age, and helping to improve the construction and livelihood of intelligent cities everywhere. The core products include super-integrated one-stop (bottom-level int resource), sdn software definition networks (network connectivity optimization) and cloud-pipe platforms (integrated transport management).
At present, the Xinhua Triads have more than 10,000 user practices in government, finance, media, electricity, education, etc., including 15 national ministry-level political clouds, 22 provincial government clouds, and more than 300 local city-level county-government clouds.
Healthcare Clouds provides the most reliable, professional and thoughtful way to build a unified health-care information platform throughout the country.
A comprehensive upgrading of modern government public services and governance capacity to achieve openness in government, data sharing, platform-building to build technological support for better industrial investment and business circles, and to support the digital transformation of the health-care sector
I'm going to promote the upgrading of the industry, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it, and I'm going to take care of it.
To be guided by the Education Information Development (EI) 2.0 project, the University's island of Illustrated Resources will be targeted at the media industry, such as provincial and municipal television stations, district media, and the press.
Financial institutions connect to and integrate cloud computing, big data through traditional operations, Internet operations, development testing and core industrial cloud engines
(a) Application of a unified cloud to digital transformation of financial operations The ability of the network services to create a typical landscape of intelligent manufacturing and industrial clouds Super-combined 2.3.1: Large-scale enterprise markets have a huge amount of room for growth and strong corporate output
Super-integration has become an ideal solution for cloudy, mixed cloud environments. Super-integration, once a solution for small and medium-sized companies, remote offices, or vdi, has come to maturity and is now becoming an integral part of the entire data centre portfolio of large enterprises, where key applications such as databases, real-time applications, etc., have become the case for hci.
The ideal choice of cloudy, mixed cloud environments, and the trend of margin computing also encourage super-integrated storage, and because super-integrated equipment is easier to manage than traditional storage arrays, it is well suited to remote office and retail settings. According to idc, the country ' s super-integrated market was close to 10 billion yuan in mid-2020, and is expected to be close to 20 billion yuan in 2025, benefiting mainly from technological maturity.
The company’s share of the market has steadily increased, and the accompanying software meets the needs of its customers for a variety of scenarios. Based on its advantages in terms of enterprise network equipment, servers, and storage, the company has moved strongly into the super-integration market, with the share of the domestic market rising from 8.2% in 2018 to 21% in 2019, and the share of the q4 in 2020 to 23.9%.
This is a future-oriented, super-integrated innovation for enterprise and industry data centres launched by the Xinhua Group. The software technology of virtualization, virtualization of storage, virtualization of network security, video surveillance management, cloud business process delivery and the pre-positioning of uis 7.0 super-integration software in a series of plants, in compliance with open architecture standards, seamless integration of computing on universal x86 and arm servers, elimination of softness, etc.
Hardware compatibility impacts, with super-integration platforms in place at the earliest 30 minutes and node horizontal expansion in five minutes. We believe that the value added of software from companies ' super-integrated products constitutes a high barrier and is expected to benefit fully from rapid industry growth.
Sdn is a new network innovation architecture whose core idea is to separate the control level of network equipment from the transmission level, with China ' s market size at $1.88 billion a year, an increase of 38.2 per cent, with data centres accounting for over 37 per cent, a 45 per cent increase, the main area of growth. Market patterns show that 31.9 per cent of companies are in the top position, and companies and China are in the top position.
The combined city share was as high as 56.4 per cent, with a significant trend in head concentration. Figure 47: Size and growth of the market in China ' s sdn, Figure 48: China ' s sdn market, 2019
2.3.3 Cloud management platform: The market is expected to maintain a high rate of growth, corporate cloudization is expected to progress towards fine-tuning, and the cloud management market is expected to grow rapidly.
According to idc, the market size for third-party cloud management services was $680 million in 2020 (approximately $4.7 billion), which dropped to 21.4%, down by 61.2pcts from 2019. China third-party cloud management services reached $25.8 billion in 2020. In our view, in the past, firms were less well-connected and more concerned with infrastructure and how to do cloud computing.
H3ccloudcmp: Addressing cloudy hegemonics, leading the country’s cloud management. Private clouds have been faced with inadequate security savings, while issues such as cloud heterogeneity in the mix have greatly increased their costs and reduced the efficiency of their work.
SW3ccloudcmp uses a micro-service framework to provide a single portal to a wide range of user access solutions through a flexible and scalable multi-winner pipe solution that allows for integrated resource management and wiring, seamless connectivity to cloud platforms, more efficient work and lower maintenance costs. According to ccw, Xinhua tri-city has a steady 21.5% share in the Chinese cloud management platform market in 2019.
In the first place, there is a strong edge from the two dimensions of the market and technology. We believe that in the future, especially governments, elites, mega-businesses, etc., will upgrade to balance security and digitalization, and that the hybrid cloud model is expected to become mainstream, and companies have a solid competitive barrier, with 2.4 % shifting or changing patterns toward strategic connectivity to everything.
The main reason for the waiver, in our view, is that the server based on the intel chip could not be picked up.
The strategic focus shifts or brings about a change in the overall pattern. The current strategic focus is gradually tilting towards Hung Monos, smart driving mdc, and the application of ecohms, plus the impact of the missing chips and the tilting of inputs.
Some of the areas where competition is intense and profit margins low are focused on building 1+8+n allied ecology. According to our synthesizing, China has a higher market share and competitiveness in digital infrastructure such as network equipment, servers, etc. The company’s market share is expected to rise if it is to reduce investment in related areas.
2.5 A gradual breakthrough in high-end markets for operators, with the first successful award of several priority products, has led in recent years to sustained zero breakthroughs in three major operators, some of which are of interest, in addition to the gradual approval of various high-end network equipment products by three operators:
Bras: For the first time, a high-end product breakthrough. Broadband access server is an important part of a well-established network of fixed urban areas, a controlled entry to a secure home. China’s mobile combination of sdn/nfv technology has led to the concept of a controlled separation of the vbras system. In the past, the supplier of the order was Chinese and Chinese, and this year, the company achieved the Vbras mobile collection in China.
For the first time in a project, ai server: the wisdom age benefits. For 20 years, the company purchased the China Telecom and China's mobile winning tag, respectively. Compared to the General Server, the i server's chip is characterized by a large number of double-countings and requires the server's entire plant to be targeted.
At the same time, the demand for arithmetic will continue to grow, and the ai server will gradually become one of the main growth engines in the server industry. The company’s entry into the operator’s market indicates its product competitiveness.
After 21 years of the party ' s peak procurement, the industry, represented by operators and finance, will be opened up, and server purchases are expected to increase significantly owing to business operations. From the bottom-of-the-line calculation structure, the amputation power, represented by arm, will become the mainstream of national production, and companies will be expected to demonstrate this year ' s target for related products.
The trend in capital spending by the three major operators has been upwards. In terms of capital spending by the three major operators, China’s capital spending on connectivity has been declining steadily since 15 years and has been at a low point since 2017, and has been gradually rising since then, with a high q1 growth rate in 2021.
There has been a slight decline, but the overall level has remained stable and high. We believe that with future developments in such areas as industrial Internet, car connectivity, smart cities, and the continued application of 5g technologies, the need for related network infrastructure will continue to flourish, and the investment of the three major operators is expected to grow.
In June of that year, the total number of 5g base stations in the country was 961,000, with 190,000 new sites created in January-June of 21st. 5g defined three main applications, scenario embb, urllc, mmtc. The core of which is a web-slice that builds a real 5g network through the sa independent group network. The key technologies are sdn (software definition network) and nfv (network virtualization), respectively.
The company’s new generation of web-based products, ad-nets, using cloud-based structures, has already taken the lead in the development of data centres, parks, urban area networks, wide area networks, etc., for a variety of industry clients, such as operators, networks, finance, government, universities, etc. Commercial landings are among the country’s best manufacturers of new technology practices, such as sdn, nfv, and ai.
III. Security integration calculations, opening up a brand-new autonomous growth track, 3.1 security hardware: market demand is strong, Xinhua is among the top of the list of sub-sectors, and Xinhua markets are beginning a new phase of growth. In 2020, the new crown epidemic has had some negative effects on the global cybersecurity market.
Of these, China ' s network security hardware market has also been accompanied by a decline in scale (q1 compared to 16.4 per cent), initial warming (q2 compared to 0.7 per cent), steady growth (q3 compared to 0.2 per cent), a strong rebound (q1 compared to 27.4 per cent) and an overall Chinese security hardware market generating approximately $21.82 billion in 2020, compared to the same four phases.
5.2%. q1 also grew at a rapid rate of 18.2% in 21 years, and we believe that, in the face of new security challenges, security hardware is expected to enter the skilled sector and Xinhua is expected to remain in the lead in a number of subsectors. Overall, the company's share in China's security hardware market in 20 years was 9.4%.
The market share of SCM hardware remains at Top3. The trend is that the share of companies is steadily increasing from year to year, reaching 15.8% q1 per year, 3.2 being autonomous, and demand for the safety industry.
The data security law was introduced in September, and data opening and security protection were increased. On June 10, the 13th Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress, at its 2nd and 19th meetings, voted for the adoption of the Data Security Act, which became effective as of September 1, 2021. As digitalization, intelligence, and the development of technology for networking, cyber security protection targets are no longer merely top-level data on personal identity, business operations, and the future.
Data will be collected, analysed, applied, stored in real time in production manufacturing, logistics supply, transport, etc., and will generate huge industrial values, associated data and systems protection is becoming more important and cyber security needs are high.
Unlike the previous Review Scheme, which released the Cyber Security Review in July, while repealing the Cyber Products and Services Security Review Scheme (pilot). Unlike the original approach, which focuses on key sectors and sectors such as finance, telecommunications, energy, and transport, the new approach focuses on the inclusion of c-end Internet-related manufacturers in the regulatory context and provides for ownership.
One million users are subject to censorship when they go to the market abroad, and the importance of the Internet at the end of our country is regulated by various equipment, network basic services providers. As of 2020: 1. We have 984 million Internet users, 782 million Internet buyers, and 11,76 trillion yuan in online retail sales, representing an increase of 10.9 per cent over 2019, and 24.9 per cent of total social retail sales;
The total market value of our Internet-listed enterprises, both within and outside the country, amounts to RMB 16.80 trillion, or 51.2 per cent more than at the end of 2019, and we believe that the market for Internet applications at the end of the year is large and has become an important part of the national economy, with the related network security market in a blue sea.
1. Establishment of data classification management and risk assessment, monitoring of basic data security management systems such as early warning and emergency disposal; 2. Identification of data security obligations for organizations and individuals conducting data activities;