The net profit from the steady growth of revenue has increased considerably, and the New Olympic shares (600803.sh) have removed the focus on clean energy from the veterinary business.
For the first time, it covered (i) traditional businesses that were growing robustly, and trade operations helped to grow rapidly. In 2018, the company achieved business income of 13,632 million yuan.
In the case of formaldehyde sales and coal operations, the contribution rate was 4,274 million (34 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively). Among these, trade income grew rapidly, with formaldehyde and coal trade generating 2.39 billion yuan and 1.60 billion yuan, respectively, an increase of 55.7 per cent.
As a result of the rapid expansion of the low Māori trade rate, the Māori rate for home-grown coal has increased and the Māori rate for energy chemicals has increased since the elimination of the trade operations.
In absolute terms, however, the company achieved a gross profit of 2,936 million yuan in 2018, an increase in the return on investment (ii) which contributed to a significant increase in profits and a significant improvement in the performance of santos, which led to a significant increase in the return on its investments.
13.21 billion yuan, an increase of 109.37 per cent in the same year, mainly the business of santos, a major consortium of companies, whose performance was significantly higher as a result of the upward impact of oil prices. Net profit of $630 million was realized by santos in 2018 ($360 million in 2017 due to impairment of assets), with companies corresponding to 1.0.07 per cent of holdings.
Assumptions of $60-$80 inter-zone fluctuations, we expect santtos to remain relatively profitable. (iii) Cost controls are stable, credit margins are stable and cost rates are generally stable and funding is in good condition during the period 2018.
During the reporting period, the Division completed the distribution of shareholdings, effectively reducing the leverage rate, and asset-liability ratios, as measured by the beginning of the year, showed that the corporate as a whole was in good financial position and was more risk-resistant. (iv) Investing in the upstream chain of clean energy
In the second half of the year, the company identified its development strategy of “positioning itself to upstream natural gas resource acquisition as the most innovative and competitive supplier of natural gas” and will in the future build the company's future core competitiveness through upstream operations in the natural gas industry chain.
In mid-Travel, 151 million tons of gas were produced in 2018, producing 112% of the capacity. The company also initiated the acquisition of 100% of Toshiba’s United States subsidiary tal shares.
After the project is completed, 2.2 million tonnes/year of liquefied capacity will be acquired to speed up the deployment of natural gas. In addition, the New Orch Hill receiving station, which was commissioned by the Group in 2018, has the ability to inject energy into its own listed platforms. In the downstream sector, gas distribution is the core business of the New Olympic Group, which has a well-developed energy supply.
The transport network, which has the highest transport capacity in the country for non-pipeline gas, is expected to take advantage of group resources, be influenced by supply and demand constraints, and remain robust in the coal and chemical industries. In the fourth quarter of 2018, it was affected by the decline in crude oil prices and the high price of formaldehyde, which led to the parking of the downstream carpentry plants.
The price of formaldehyde has declined rapidly. For example, in the northwestern part of the company, the price of formaldehyde has fallen from $3,000 per ton at the end of September 2018 to $1850 per ton at the end of the year. Given factors such as the re-production of the mto downstream device, the need for heating of the panels, the release of polyester production capacity, we expect to be lower down in 2019 for formaldehyde.
On the coal side, the supply-demand relationship is now shifting to a lopsided state, with price poles facing downward pressure. So we expect companies to maintain robust growth in their traditional industries, coal, etc., in 2019.
On March 13, the company issued a public announcement and signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with various parties, such as the Litmins, to sell all of the agricultural and veterinary enterprises at a cost of $759 million. The sale of the assets was in good condition, resulting in a total profit of 107 million in 2018.
The assets in question reflect the firm’s determination to focus on the energy industry. The company is committed to building core upstream competitiveness in clean energy, with clear gas.
Tourism development strategies, active deployment of domestic and foreign gas-source assets, and development in collaboration with groups. Companies’ traditional business is stable. 1) Large commodity prices, such as coal and methanol, are expected to fall off the market: 2) International crude oil prices are expected to fall.