The company’s main operations include power systems, commercial vehicles, agricultural equipment, smart logistics, etc.
There are well-known national and international brands such as a wood engine, a gas heavy card, an intelligent farm in a woody river, a Faust speed changer, a Hander bridge, etc.
Linkage, as M & As development gains from overseas M & A have gradually emerged, the net gain rate began in 2023 at the same rate as +0.98 per cent, and the net return to the mother was $8,401 million, or +29.23 per cent.
The gold power chain is refined: a wood engine + a fascist transformer + a hood bridge. The engine is the core of the heavy card, worth 30-40% of the car. The heavy card engine market is highly concentrated.
Liu Xuanan, the gold power chain attracts heavy gas, Xu-man, and the big shipment, among others, to match it with fuelwood. The sales of company power chain products have increased steadily, with heavy-card-engine cities accounting for more than 40% of the total.
The market for gas heavy-cargo motors is over 60%. 2024h1, the company sold 400,000 engines of all types, an increase of 18.7% over the same period, and there are prospects for a high-value-added market for big-barrel engines, which is a new race to re-engineer the company's engine block.
12mtha shares of the price range. Global market capacity is $20 billion a year, value added is extremely high, and with the advent of the ai era, the construction of a large data centre for data storage will have a huge impact on the engine.
During the year, the company's M series sold more than 8,100 high-power-density engines, an increase of 38% over the same year, breaking through high-end markets such as the Global Big Data Engineering Center and the mine card. Nearly 6,000 of the M series's high-speed engines were sold in the first three quarters of 2024, and the product structure was continuously optimized for data purposes.
The percentage of high-end products represented by the Centre has risen significantly over the past year, compared with 300 in depth. Corporate diversification has led to a significant increase in the profitability of the Kaguo forklift and supply chain operations.
Euro billion, up by 24.1% from the same year; after-tax profit rate of 7.8% from the adjustment, Kei Hau actively contributed to the increase in profitability and planned to achieve after-tax profit rate of >10% by 2027.
17%, the size of the industry is steady, and the company is looking forward to re-engineering the big cylinder engines in the area of heavy-cards, high-valued layouts, and a promising market, using the wood engine + the Faust transformer + the gold power chain of the Hand Bridge.
Corporate engine blocks, which began in 2023 with the emergence of multiple overseas M&As, focus on structural mechanisms such as gas heavy cards, new energy heavy cards, macroeconomic and political uncertainty risks, poor freight markets, heavy card industries
For more than two decades, the industrial chain layout has been expanding, with internal combustion engines at its centre, diversified layouts, and comprehensive development.
In 2002, and in 2004 and 2007 respectively, Hong Kong is listed in two places. The company’s main business includes power systems, commercial vehicles, agricultural equipment, smart logistics, etc., with wood engines, gas heavy cards, Qui Xairevo smart agriculture, Frances.
In 2023, it achieved business income of $21,395,558 million, resulting in a net profit of $9,014 million to the mother, one of China’s first producers of diesel engines, one of the 100 largest Chinese multinational companies, the former wood mill, founded in 1946.
• Founded in 1984 as one of the target plants for the Stelwd 615 series diesel machine.
(1946-1997) Tan Xu Guang became the director of the factory in 1998.
In 2004, the stock market of the Quisseng Port (1998-2004) • in 2005, the Blue Pilgrim Wp12 was launched as a 12-litre-powered Euroiii engine with a fully autonomous intellectual property right.
Merger and purchase of torches in 2005 Reorganization of Faraday, Merger and Lindh Hydraulics in 2009-2012 Acquisition of Dematek in 2016 holding psi in 2017
The company ' s main products include a full series of engines, gear tanks, bridges, hydraulic products, heavy vehicles, forklifts, supply chain solutions, agricultural equipment, etc., of which the engine products are distributed to more than 150 countries and territories around the world, are widely applied and serve the global truck, etc.
Markets for passenger vehicles, engineering machinery, agricultural equipment, ships, electricity, etc. Table 1: Main business and products of the company 1.2 camp revenue and net profits are back on track and Māori has recovered rapidly
In 2023, the net profit from the recovery and repatriation of mothers was back on track, while the 24h1 crop remained stable and the net profit of the mothers continued to grow at a high rate. In 2023, the company collected $213,958 million, resulting in a reduction of more than 40 per cent in the volume of engine, whole vehicle, decryption box output, and a full vehicle and closure.
The share of key spare parts operations was over 35 per cent, which resulted in a significant drag on the year’s harvest, while the net profit of the parent fell even more sharply, mainly as the recovery fell while the cost of the period increased by the same amount, with the overall vehicle and key spare parts camp increasing by more than 50 per cent; and Kai-ho left in 2023.
The impact of inflation and supply chain problems has been historically high, with corporate smart logistics revenues increasing by more than 10 per cent. In 2023, the company ' s Māori rate was 21.09 per cent, the Māori rate for the whole car and key zeros, the Māori rate for intelligent logistics business was 19.08 per cent/24.33 per cent, and the gross rate for intelligent logistics was 19.03 per cent, respectively.
Companies perform well abroad. 24h1 Māori abroad has a rate of 22.65%, which is more than 1.89 percentage points compared to the Māori in the country; 58.853 billion yuan, or 52.32%, of the total revenue of the Public Administration.
There is a high correlation between the performance of the woody industry and sales in the heavy card industry, the diversification of the industry, and the results of the layout show that the profits have increased significantly since 2023 over and above the volume of sales in the industry.
The main share (except in 2022) of the full-scale, power-based systems and heavy-card operations, which are more relevant to the demand of the heavy-card industry, the growth in corporate revenue and the growth in industry sales, has been the largest.
In terms of net profit from maternity, while also showing a strong trend towards equal gain and decrease, the growth rate since 2023 has clearly been higher than the growth rate in the harvest and heavy card industries, and we believe that the business, mainly represented by Cai Su, has gradually emerged from inflation and supply-chain problems.
1.3 State holdings guarantee operations with equity incentives that highlight corporate confidence The company is controlled by the Shandong Heavy Industries Group and has a Shandong background. Bill on matters related to restrictive stock incentive schemes up to 2024, 2023a.
The number of persons targeted by the plan was 693 and the number of restricted shares awarded was 78.27 million.2 The increase in stock sales, driven by factors such as natural replacement demand and export penetration, is expected to benefit the entire vehicle and power system
2.1 The cyclicality of the heavy card industry, with macro-related factors affecting the industry, has led to the concrete dismantling of the drivers of total sales of the heavy card.
The volume of heavy-card sales in the logistics transport category is closely related to indicators such as road freight volume, road cargo turnover, etc.
Related, the increase in fixed asset and capital investment is required for medium-heavy trucks in the engineering category Replacement needs: heavy card renewal cycles are usually 6 to 9 years, and maintenance costs will increase rapidly after a fixed period of use, prompting users to base their efforts on the economic environment and profitability
The decision not to change cars. At the same time, the regulatory sector’s policy on excess regulation and the introduction of an iterative policy on emission standards has also contributed to the upgrading of heavy card products.
By 2023, 276,000 vehicles were sold up to 30.3 per cent, which is essential in analysing the heavy card sales drivers. (1) New demand is stable and small.
The total volume of road freight data is growing at a slower rate, and logistics heavy cards are not growing enough. Logistics heavy cards are used mainly for road freight, and sales trends are more correlated with the demand for road freight capacity, with 24q1-q3 moving at only 3.09 per cent, half-lined and heavy cards.
In contrast to the increase in the volume of road cargo traffic, we believe that the weightcard holdings are more related to the increase in the volume of public freight traffic, mainly due to demand for overdrafts due to policy disruptions. However, the weightcard holdings are relatively smooth.
The volume of heavy card sales for engineering machinery is highly correlated with the capital and real estate industries, and the volume of sales has fallen. The share of heavy card sales has declined from 32.26% in 2018 to 2023.
19.05 per cent, the downstream landscape, such as capital engineering and the new start of real estate, has a greater impact on the need for heavy cards in the engineering class, which are currently growing at a lower cumulative rate compared to the previous year, and we believe that the sales of heavy cards in the engineering machine category are largely stable.
Figure 15: The bottom plate is more correlated with the cumulative increase in capital and real estate development investments, so the impact of the epidemic is weaker with the sustained recovery of the economy and the entry into force of consumer-driven policies, and the gdp is returning to medium- and low-speed zones, with a slow return of domestic demand.
Increased, relatively robust manufacturing and capital investment, with a reduction in the expected drag effect of real estate investment, (2) replacement demand will gradually peak and equipment renewal policy subsidies will be overestimated
With regard to replacement needs, we have a simple estimate of the natural renewal needs of end-of-life vehicles, which is expected to result in a replacement requirement of some 93,61,000 vehicles in 2024.
If we keep it below 100,000, we'll simply reduce it by the current year's weight card sales by 60,000, and then the following year we'll sell it on the actual basis. Assuming the heavy card is scrapped in 6-8 years, so we'll measure the natural renewal needs in 2024 by the average sales for 6-8 years.
A simple estimate concludes that natural renewal needs in 2024 are estimated at 936,600. More importantly, natural renewal needs will peak in the coming years, mainly because of the end-of-life of more than 1 million heavy-cards sold between 2017 and 2020.
On 25 July 2024, the CDRC and the Ministry of Finance issued a report on the scale of support for large-scale installation.
The implementation of the regulations was followed closely by the implementation of the current round of subsidies until 31 December 2024, with the introduction of a series of measures for the exchange of old goods for the replacement of old goods and the consolidation of some 300 billion long-term national debt funds to support large-scale equipment upgrades and the replacement of old consumer goods.
Ten thousand dollars. Let's take the classic version of the J6p heavy card, 520 horsepower 6 x 4 tow truck, assuming that the owner of the car will acquire three cars in the country by the end of 2013 (four years ahead, $45,000 subsidy) and six diesel vehicles in the J6p country, 6 x 4 subsidy.
55,000 yuan (6x4 for three-axis) is a 30 per cent margin for the purchase of vehicles. (3) The export contribution is 30 per cent of total sales, and its status is of increasing importance. 276,000 heavy card exports in 2023, or 30.30 per cent.
The high volume of exports was the main reason for the higher growth in China's heavy card sales in 2023, with an increase of 2,392,000 vehicles, or 42.22 per cent, contributing 10.10 million vehicles, or 42.22 per cent;
In order to achieve a smaller increase, natural replacement needs have risen and gradually peaked, the impact of the policy overhang has been reduced, exports have contributed more and, overall, the volume of heavy card sales is expected to increase steadily. 2.2 Core components, such as engines, are expected to benefit from steady growth in the heavy card industry.
The engine is the core of the heavy card, which is 30-40% of the vehicle. The heavy card consists of the engine, the chassis, the body, the electrical equipment, the engine is the core, the most valuable and the engine of the vehicle.
Engines are mainly cylinders, curvature poles, gas assemblies, supply chains, cold sections, gas cylinders are sites where the internal energy of the fuel is converted into kinetic energy, the fuel is burned in the cylinders, creates enormous pressure to drive the pistons up and down, passes the power through the poles to the axes, eventually.
Turns into a rotational motion, then passes power to the wheels of the wheels of the wheels, and drives the cars forward. The heavy card engine market is highly concentrated, wood, wood, liberation, Commins, heavy.
According to the China Auto-Industries Information Network (2024.5 - 2024.7), the scavenging ratio is maintained at 30 - 40%, mainly in the area of natural gas engines, with major cars such as heavy gas, one gas, one gas, etc., while the scavenging ratio is maintained at more than 10%.
With gas engine advantage, he gained heavy gas and a gas weight to be liberated, and the liberation of Qingjia was accompanied by a greater proportion of fuelwood and the gold power chain.
It attracts heavy gas, Xu's, and large-scale carriers, which basically use scavengers, and the scavengers, which are open. The chassis is made up mainly of transmission systems and driving systems, and the transformer, the bridge, is important.
Parts and components. The chassis receives motor power, makes cars move, and ensures that the car moves according to the driver's manipulation.
The transformer is the soul of the car, which is classified by manipulation mainly into manual and automatic, and the heavy card transformer, which is now dominated by mt, amt and some of the at-products, is the main direction of the future. The manual transformer is called mt, and the automatic transformer can be divided into amt, amt, etc.
At, cvt, and dct. Global heavy-card transformers are currently dominated by mt, amt, and some at-products, based on requirements for function efficiency, output torque, fuel economy, and operational stability. amt, by simple operation, reduces the driver's operating pressure and can withstand a twist.
With the advantages of a large rectangular and reliable operation, it has gradually become an automatic way to automate the world’s heavy commercial vehicle transformer. As far as the company is concerned, in 2023, the annual production of the heavy car transformer has been stable for 18 consecutive years.
First, according to Phuhua's strategy, the global market is over 40%, in China's market, the bridge is one of the key components of the chassis, and the bridge, especially the driving bridge, plays a vital role in driving the entire vehicle.
The two technological platforms, the Teal Drive Bridge and the Man Technology Single Level Bridge, have the advantage of sitting on the domestic bridge and selling the front-loading chairs. 3 companies focus on heavy card engines and diversify operations to support development.
3.1 The gold power chain is refined: the sale of wood engines + the Faust transformer + the Hand company’s power chain products has steadily increased, with heavy card engines accounting for more than 40 per cent and gas heavy card engines for more than 60 per cent. 2024h1, the company sells all types of engines.
Ten thousand, with a market share of 40.5 per cent; 63.1 per cent for natural gas heavy card engines; 44.6 per cent for 6x4 tractor engines above 500 horsepower; and approximately 3600 for motors in the m series, with an overseas income of 75.6 per cent.
(1) A wood engine: self-researching, high heat efficiency, superior gas products, and the creation of high power, reliability, and high heat efficiency core advantages from the motivation for research and development.
The diesel factory, which is responsible for the production of the Stairwd 615 engine, is not satisfied with this. Through long-term autonomous research and development, China's first high-speed high-power motor, with autonomous knowledge and property rights, was successfully developed in 2005 to break China's heavy card, which has long been dependent on foreign hair.
In terms of heat efficiency, in April 2024, the fuel wood released its first global home-grown heat efficiency surge, breaking 53.09% of diesel products and breaking the world's internal burner-based heat efficiency four times in a row.
Recording. The core technology of the wood-based engine, autonomous research and development, innovative development of high-inflated combustion technology, high-flow-up pressure technology, high-efficiency fuel injection technology, low-restriction motor technology, heat effects of the diesel engine itself around four major systems: combustion, air, fuel, friction, etc.
The rate rose by 1 percentage point, with the first global breakthrough of 53 per cent, leading to a domestic burner.
60%. In 2015, a total of 97,000 products, representing wp13ng, were launched, with a market share of 60%; in 2019, the first gas engine of 2.0 countries, with a cumulative market of 186,000, was launched.
In 2022, the production of firewood increased by 12% and gas consumption decreased by 5% of the gas engine product. The gas truck market was accompanied by a “well blow-out” and the fuel-fired gas power continued to sell much of the country's geothermal heat, thanks to its rigid product quality.
According to the annual Hong Kong stock report, engine operations achieved revenue in 2023 (2) by buying and buying torches for the composition of the gold power chain, which helped to upgrade the power of the heavy-cargo industry in China.
After purchasing the torches in 2005, the wood indirectly controlled the maximum power of Faust and Han, leading the tide in the upgrading of horsepower and emissions. The brands of heavy gas, large shipments, etc. rely on the gold power chain for growth. The gold power chain is stable, stable.
The failure rate is relatively low, and the new brand can use three major repair sites to solve post-sale problems in the early stages of construction.
The power and volume of the wood engines is increasing, the Faust gear tanks are becoming more high-end, self-motivated, and the Hand bridge is smaller and lighter than the whole. The wood has the largest volume of heavy engine sales in the country, and most heavy card brands match the wood engines.
Faust, the world’s largest commercial vehicle transmission base and the world’s high-quality vehicle transmission system provider, has now formed 1.2 million annual product car transformers and gears.
50 million feet and 200,000 tons of composite capacity for car castings. The company’s dominant product is commercial car transformers, which are widely used in a variety of types of vehicles, such as heavy vehicles, buses, medium- and light trucks, long-range vehicles, mining vehicles and low-speed trucks, and which are used by more than 150 mainframe plants in the country and abroad.
Thousands of models are selected as fixed-point apparel products, with more than 11 million market holdings and more than 70% of the domestic market.
Key and core technologies for source products have reached international leadership. A new and optimal configuration for commercial vehicle upgrading has been provided.
Product restructuring, power amt transformers, liquid buffers, new energy projects. According to the Deputy General Manager of the Rusty General Marketing Company, Esther is in the year of restructuring, the short-term goal is to make a strong amt transformer, a liquid slowen, and a new energy source within two years.
The market is divided into three main markets, with three of them now ranked first in the industry. The city of Faustamt has a single month of 42.5%, and the smart-ass amt has a 50% chance to import gas-heavy cards. From the market in 2019 to the present day, the Faust has been a smart, easy-to-doer.
The amt transformer fills a gap in the country’s autonomous development of integrated amt, leading to a change in the development of commercial car amt transformers in the country. According to the new commercial car network, 24q1, the city of Faust amt is over 35%, and in March it was up to 42.5%.
Fester has worked with Chai, Conminth, Jade and Chai to match the country's six or so 30 models of natural gas engines, and about 10 heavy-cargo mainframes, such as Xiang Xing, Xing, Tung Feng Willow, and China.
In 2023, the city was more than 57%. According to the new commercial car network, the driver's frequency of brakes during driving was reduced by 90%.
For customers, there are at least 30,000 economic benefits a year. Both in terms of security and economics, they can bring a lot of value to customers.
A combination of p2 and dht, based on the amt R & D base, has high reliability and can save about 10%. Pure transmission systems match more than 100 host plants in the country, and power and transformers are designed in an integrated way.
Efficient and low noise transmission has reached internationally advanced levels. 3.2 Large cylinders of motors: large cylinders of high-value product markets with broad market prospects represent a country ' s concentration of manufacturing aggregates.
One is that global market capacity can reach $20 billion a year, with a very high value added, after a long foreign monopoly on the entire share of the world. Large-barrel engines are engines with more than 500 or 10,000 horsepower, and global market demand is between 15 and 2 million. International markets are dominated by Carterby.
Le Lu, Comines, Mtu, John Dyre, Mitsubishi, etc., took control of the production and development of the large cylinder engine after the acquisition of the French company Bauduan. Compared with the low technology content of the engine, the low value added, the low market threshold, the large cylinder engine.
A key factor in the re-establishment of global industrial value chains is woodwood. With the advent of the 'i' era, the construction of a large data centre for data storage will provide a huge market space for a big engine, a refuel engine.
Tan Xuqiang said that Xiaoqin already had the capacity to produce 20,000 units a year, and that channels and network resources were in place. In 2023, the M series was high-powered and sold more than 8,100 dense engines, a 38 per cent increase in the same year, breaking the world's big data project.
High-end markets, such as central and mineral cards. Nearly 6,000 high-speed sales were launched in the 3rd quarter of 2024 in the series of megacylinders, and product structures continued to be optimized, with a marked increase in the share of high-end chemical products represented by data centres.
3.3 The return of heavy gas profits, the increase in the city's share, the realization of a net profit of $317 million on heavy gas 24h1, the restoration of profitability, the seizure of “oil-to-gas” market opportunities, and a new breakthrough in overseas markets.
Fifty-one per cent of subsidiaries with control shares sold 116,000 heavy cards throughout 2023, i.e. 45 per cent of the year; 52,000 vehicles exported, i.e. + 51 per cent of the year. 24h1 entire vehicles sold 63,000 vehicles, i.e. + 3.6 per cent of the year, with a double increase in the size and operational benefits of production and sale; 30,000 vehicles exported, i.e., with a market share
20% of the total export volume reached the highest level in the same period of the calendar year. Deepening product restructuring, building high-end smart brands in the industry. Transitioning from traditional engineering vehicles to a variety of products, such as pilot logistics, natural gas, new energy, etc., 2023
Annual gas truck sales were over 26,000 vehicles, compared to +416 per cent; 24h1 gas vehicle sales were over 17,000, with a more balanced structure, with the 6,000 series of high-end heavy-cargo trucks successfully building trunking logistics poles, with sales of 24h1 increasing by 23.1 per cent on the same basis, and the first brand of industries that save oil, gas and money
3.4 Keisu's profitability has been recovering, and the forklift business is ranked second in the world.
The year was a successful landing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in Germany; in 2016, Chai Zai was buying all the shares of the world’s leading provider of automated warehouse logistics solutions, DeMartek, United States.
Kaiser is the world’s leading provider of industrial vehicles and supply chain solutions, products that cover industrial vehicles such as forklifts, storage technology equipment, and collections used to optimize supply chains.
It's an automated technology device and software solution. When the wood hits, Kei-Chou builds up a global chain of smart logistics gold industries and rapidly develops into a new strategic growth pole for businesses; a more balanced cross-cyclical business structure and a two-cycle business layout is in place.
The foundation for the development of multinational groups of industrial equipment is further consolidated. According to the Keisu Network, corporate forklifts are ranked second in the world, and automated solutions are ranked first in the world, leading global firms in supply chains and material handling.
The forklift is a material handling machine, which in essence replaces labour, and the cost of labour is constantly rising. Forklifts are the wheels for loading, stacking and short-range transport of palletized goods, heavy load handling operations, etc.
Forklifts, as a moving tool, are in essence a substitute for labour, and in a context of rising labour costs, the forklifts increase.
According to the United States Modern Material Handling, 2023-year-old 20-year-old forklift suppliers grew at an overall rate of more than 8 per cent, showing an improvement against the pressures of inflation and geopolitical conflicts on the entire global economy.
242,000 forklifts, which the Kaiju Group noted were the key drivers of the industrial forklift market, with 91 per cent of orders for trams and electric storage trucks.In 2023, Keisu Group revenues and adjusted ebits showed a resilient growth.
In the case of forklift operations, there has been a significant increase in profit on the same scale, thanks to increased production and commercial and operational flexibility. In the case of supply chain solutions, the proportion of high-profit client projects in hand orders has increased.
The profitability of the Keisu Group has continued to increase as a result of improvements in the quality and efficiency of its operations. 24h1, the Keisu Group achieved revenue of €7,736 million, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the previous period, and a net profit of €182 million, an increase of 24.1 per cent over the same period;
The profit rate was 7.8 per cent before the after-tax rate, an increase of 1.6 percentage points from the same year, of which the forklift operation achieved revenues of Euro4,306 million, or +4.14 per cent, mainly due to the increase in the volume of goods delivered and previous price adjustment measures.
This increased to €471 million, compared to +24.23 per cent, and the growth in income plus the price of material purchases stabilized, resulting in a significant increase in the gross profit margin, which rose to 10.9 per cent before the adjustment of the after-tax rate, while the supply chain solution operation achieved income of €1451 million, compared to 3.07 per cent.
The decrease is mainly due to a decrease in the volume of orders for project operations in previous quarters. Prior to the adjustment of the after-tax rate, the profit was Euro42.1 million, or +184.46 per cent, compared with the previous period; improvements in project management, measures to improve performance, especially services, increased significantly, both for profit and profit margins
The profit rate rose to 2.9% before the tax was adjusted, and by +1.9 percentage points per year. According to company projections, the Keisu Group is expected to achieve revenue growth of $11.317 billion in 2024, and to plan for 2027 before the tax rate was adjusted.
The profit margin > 10%. Queyu plans to achieve a pre-regulating tax profit rate > 10% by 2027 through multi-brand-oriented efforts, region-specific growth plans, sustainability, automation and software, performance and agility, values, people and leadership.
Figure 33: Kaiju Strategy 2027. Action areas drive profit growth, with a profit margin of over 10 per cent before tax rate adjustment by 2027.
The difference in successful positioning expands in China and North America, moving automation.
Global Value Platform Brand Together (agvs, amrs)
• Fuel cell technology to increase the supply chain in China.
• Optimizing production networks and tailor-made cities based on artificial intelligence
Energy of the solution takiq Source Management (ifesca)
• Expanding production and cloud computing innovation in North America
• Products, people and processes
The ratio of cars to this business is stable at 48.00%. The trend is stable when we assume the relative rate of increase in the harvest and the 2023 rate.
The heavy-card sector is extremely competitive, with high value added and market prospects, and the motivation is expected to re-engineer the corporate engine plates, which, as overseas M&As progress towards diversified development, began to increase net profits at a significantly faster rate than industry sales and growth rates.
Market sales in the heavy card industry fell short of expected risks, oil and gas price differentials, gas heavy card sales and penetration rates fell short of expected risks.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.