Cars group, short-term market concerns and long-term space for firewood, lead: what is the market's current focus on wood power?
Since April of this year, multiple factors have influenced the reversal of fuelwood power stock prices, which lasted until the end of September and continued to follow the market. Risks have gradually been released after successive declines, and it is not important to stress the low demand for economics and heavy cards.
Feedback on future changes. This report will look at short- and long-term market concerns, as well as medium- and long-term ceilings, including: 1, how to look at short- and medium-term heavy card requirements. How to look at gas trucks retreating, electricization? 2, and how to look at the medium and long-term space of woodwood, drawing on Conmins?
I. Short-term entry point for sales, medium-term replacement drive cycle up line 1. "Lockwood power company approximation: slightly over-predicted median " , gas engine plus new business 1, investment logic return total beta.
2. " In-depth research by the wood-drive company: the recovery of heavy-card chain operations, the new state of business, combined with high sales in 2017-2021, stimulated by government monetary and fiscal policy packages " .
The peak-commodity swap cycle is approaching, with heavy card domestic sales starting in 2025 expected to return from the bottom of the region to the center, and plate beta expected to start the upper cycle.2 In terms of fuel structure, the market is already on the gas truck; electric heavy truck short-distance scenes
Rapid penetration, long distances from short distances, with no need to worry too much. Second, Bircomminth, how do you see the long-term space for firewood?1, truck markets are not growing, and Conmins, whose share price is more than 10 times higher, is right?
Motivated major industries have boosted profitability through the upgrading of their emissions and the regulation of their costs; 2) multi-metametric hedge card industry cycle fluctuations; 3) reliance on technological advantage at critical times to defeat competition and establish a strong tripartite dominance by binding downstream customers through the Association; 4) global
Commins’ global layout strengthens the moats and spreads the risks of volatility in North America’s markets. 2 , Pixel, how do you see the long-term space in the wood? 1) The law switches to boost the engine and creates the incremental effect of the robbery. 2) Pluralization: the wood is expanding the engine.
In addition to the golden power chain of the gearbox plus the bridge, a whole-of-car route has been explored, in which business space such as Rayvo, Kaiju, the Grand Cylinder has been vast, moving from income to diversification of profit contributions.
This is the fourth quarter of the year, when the company is the industrial dragon.
The head will benefit directly, while new industries, diversification, globalization, etc., will open up further surpluses, the heavy card sector will recover less than expected, the heavy card will be out of the sea less than expected, the electric heavy card will be out of time, the new business will be out of order, and so on.
What is the market's current focus on fuelwood power, which has emerged from a year-and-a-half of unilateral upturns since October 2022, spurred by the expected recovery of the heavy-carat industry, the eruption of the heavy-gas card, the growing style of dividends, and the direction of equity incentives?
Starting in April of this year, negative factors, including the expected weakening of the economy, lower than expected demand for heavy-carnets, falling prices in the industry, high penetration rates of natural gas heavy cards, corporate personnel adjustments, etc., began to rewind and continued until the end of September to follow the market. After successive declines, the risks were released gradually, and emphasis was placed on the short-term economy and low levels of card sales.
Since stock price fluctuations are mainly feedback on future changes, the report will look at short-term hot spots of market concern and medium- and long-term ceilings, including: 1, how to look at short-term, medium-term heavy card requirements, and how to look at gas-gas cars retreating, electricization?
Two, drawing on Conminth, how do we see the medium- and long-term space of the wood? Our point is clear: start to show that the first half of the year will have to be reversed. In the medium term, under the stimulus of the government’s monetary and fiscal policy package, it will be folded.
In terms of fuel structure, the market is already on the gas truck; there is also a gap between the penetration of electric heavy-cards from short-distance scenes and long distances, and there is no need to worry about it.2 The truck market is not growing, and Conmins, whose market value has multiplied several times, is doing exactly what?
(b) Diversification: diversification of operations through the early deployment of power systems with a view to expanding the matrix of components and components, and swinging of the card industry; and (c) sustained research and development to defeat competitors at a critical time of technological advantage and to establish a solid triad of dominance by binding downstream customers through the Association
In the context of environmental protection, it is expected that the seven years before and after 2028 will take a step forward to boost the engine and reprocessing systemasp and produce a six-hour boom in the five-cheek countries.
These are both good for wood. 2) In terms of diversification, in addition to expanding the yellow and gold power chain of the engine + gear tank + car bridge, the wood explores a path of whole-car synergy, such as the “whole-car” area, which is linked to downstream heavy and heavy-gas companies by acquiring or sharing control of the same parent company, tying down customers, collecting them.
(c) Share: similar to the North American market, capture of the share of the tri-supplier and increase in the share of the whole vehicle. (d) Globalization: Eto's full vehicle.
As a result of globalization, vertical integration drives the growth of engines and components across the board.
Market habits tend to judge demand trends by the same rate of increase, with the same negative growth in market sales this year in 2, 3, 6 and August, and in August, with only 40,000 vehicles, down 23% from the same year, and a sharp increase in the decline, pessimists will think that the demand for heavy cards is not stable. In our view, the signs of near-term stability are already clear, and sales have been relatively weak in recent months.
Gas disturbance + policy wait-and-see mood. Chart 1: Heavy-carat monthly sales since 2023 and the same rate of increase are largely influenced by non-conventional factors, such as strict treatment in 2016, up to the 2017 cycle, and public health in 2020
In 2023, q3 was affected by the short-term incremental effect of the natural gas outbreak, and the earlier replacement of potential car users led to a unilateral increase in sales in July-September, thus creating a high base of irregular seasonality. In contrast, rising gas prices during the same period this year led to a reverse sense of hopelessness.
In addition, the time lag between the introduction of the central policy and the local rules is long for the old truck to be replaced by an old subsidy, the total inventory of three country-type holdings, the development of policy rules consistent with local realities, the planning of matching funds, etc.
It was only in September that provincial policies came into existence, with a certain wait-and-see effect. Chart 4: The old rules for the replacement of new subsidies in the country’s three-tier provinces were generally introduced only in late September 2024/7/31 by the Ministry of Transport.
This round of replacing the old policy with the new one will be seen at the end of October, when compared to the last Blue Sky Defense Policy for phase-out country III, 2018-2020, the subsidy is larger, more inclusive, and the beneficiary vehicle is older, and is expected to drive an increase of about 100,000 vehicles. Given that the local policy generally arrived in September, the incremental effect will be reflected in 2404.
Given the low base of 2304 due to the increase in the price of natural gas, 2404 will reverse the decline in domestic demand. The three-country phase-out policy for the Blue Sky War 2018-2020: 1; subsidy coverage: with the exception of a few areas such as Beijing, the average annual vehicle retention age is 8-9 years; and 3: coverage: Kyuzin and the plains of the Chen.
For the current round, replace the old subsidy with the old subsidy: 1 subsidy: for heavy cards, the subsidy for the early retirement of the old operating diesel truck (US$ 1.2-45 million/vehicle) plus the new energy purchase subsidy (US$ 70-95,000/vehicle)/the country ' s six operating diesel truck (US$ 40-65 million/vehicle) for a total end-of-life and renewal subsidy of US$ 5.2-140.0 million/car, with the replacement of the maximum subsidy for diesel fuel of US$ 110,000; 2.
First, with regard to stocks, based on the consistent pattern of sales: domestic stock fluctuations = wholesale = export sales – exposure to risk sales, it can be seen that since April of this year, the industry has been on a continuous de-storage route, as of August.
In terms of prices, the price is a central factor affecting the profitability of users, and thus a leading indicator for responding to truck end demand.
The China Road Logistics Price Index, which was jointly investigated by the National Union for Logistics and Procurement and the Linan Logistics Group, has recently begun to pick up slightly. The price of intermediate goods, or production logistics, is still declining in 2024 by more than 10%, according to g7 fluid monitoring.
With regard to mobile cards, the short-range landscape (for gravel, iron and steel, coal) has become rapidly electrified, and the penetration scene is now moving towards port and regional zero-load markets, driven by national policy guidance and high subsidies in developed provinces and cities, and the short-distance electric heat will also drive down prices.
With regard to the end margin, there are no good quantitative indicators to track, and based on our high-frequency grass-roots research, the price trends of the various fuel types have been differentiated. Gas heavy cards are relatively high at the beginning of the year, with weak demand plus penetration to high-level end selling prices continuing down from March this year: electric heavy cards benefit from battery cost detection and the price of the main plant.
The price of diesel heavy cards has stabilized. In three cases, the price of diesel heavy cards is more likely to feed real market sentiment, and the willingness of vendors and channels to promote sales has begun to shrink.
The economic environment and the gas tram shock are still relatively low, the end margin is close to the ice point, and demand is the main factor that currently suppresses the profitability of the industry. In the short term, there is a shift from old policies to new ones. In the medium term, the combination of multiple positive and negative factors, such as macro-fiscal + monetary policy, combined transport, heavy-cargo fuel structures, replacement cycles, etc., will drive the industry to the top.
In the context of the high costs of carbon reduction and logistics, public-trail iron and public-transit water have moved from slogans to reality, and the rapid growth of freight volumes has ended, with the heavy-card industry entering the stock-up era. Combining the composition of cargo turnover shows that the proportion of road cargo turnover fell significantly from 33 to 35% to 30 to 31% by 2020, assuming that the overall volume of cargo turnover has not increased.
Data corresponding to the ease of movement of road logistics, based on the assumption that there is no one-way transport capacity, show a 10 per cent reduction in the average distance per single transport in 2023; national road freight as of August 2024 refers to progressive integration policies, real estate policies, capital market policies, etc., which are significantly more robust than previous policies and can have policy effects
It will be more visible, and the card will benefit directly as a variety of pro-cyclical investment attributes, specifically by tracking and validating the economic policy effects, replacing the peak period, which will drive a new cycle up. We judge that, along with the replacement drive, domestic warming + export snow rolls, the ball will grow robustly, with a total of about 1.1 million recalculations in 2026.
1.2 Gas to the left, pure electricity to the right, investment logic returns to total beta, natural gas heavy card: magic, investment logic returns to total beta.
Seventy% of the expected gasification of cargo trucks has been stalled for more than a year, and engineering vehicles have already started to power. Based on these circumstances, the logic of investing in gas heavy cards should have ended in April 2024, when stock prices have been down to date in full response to bottlenecks, a significant increase in gas prices to date in June, and a return to total weight investment logic in the future.
Electric heavyweight cards: Short-trip landscapes are rapidly permeating, with medium-term ceilings at 30%, long-term space is needed for technological breakthroughs, policy guidance (double carbon environmental pressure) + costs to explore economic co-drives of short-trip penetration. The first is the policy front, where a series of policies have been introduced in recent years from central to local levels to promote new energy development, typically in the context of carbon peaks.
The implementation of environmentally sound graded management in steel plants includes the consideration of carbon emissions from upstream and downstream transport links; and the provision of practical subsidies, such as the introduction in July at the national level of a maximum subsidy of 140,000 for old and old trucks for new and new energy purchases, and $280,000 for four diesel heavy trucks in the Shanghai phase-out countries.
On the economic side, the short-range video-drive heavyweight cards, which are already clearly economical, with the cost of batteries being explored, are starting to penetrate rapidly in the short-distance landscape (sandstones, steel, coal) and are now moving towards ports and districts.
According to Corney, short-distance scenarios are expected to account for about 20% of heavy card sales, and are suitable for electrodynamic scenarios. Long-distance scene penetration is dependent on large batteries (high cost, sacrifice of cargo space), over-cover high power charge/change, loose regulations, and very difficult to penetrate in the short term. The long-term horizon is short (0-100km), medium (100-300km), long (300+km)
In view of the fuel structure, the market is already on the edge of the gas truck, and there is a gap between the short- and long-distance penetration of electric heavy-cards, and there is no need to worry about it.
Second, Perconmins, how do you see the future of the wood? Conmins has experienced the American economy and the heavy card industry many times down, and why he has grown into a global engine over the cycle.
Dragonhead? Next we're going to try to explore the future development space for woodwood by recapturing the history of Comminth's growth, building on its core strategic initiatives, analysing the similarities between the past of Commins and the current stage of its development.
Conmins is a leading global provider of power solutions, and corporate products, including diesel and gas engines, power generation units, exchange generators, emissions treatment systems, turbo-pressure systems, fuel systems, control systems, transmission tanks, brake technology, bridge technology, leaching systems, and hydrogen energy manufacturing, storage and fuel cells, are widely used in commercial trucks and trucks.
Several industries such as passenger vehicles, construction equipment, agricultural machinery, power generation equipment, ships and railways.
Conmins ' zero-carbon brand accelera focuses on the development of diesel and alternative fuel engines covering 2.8~ • including diesel generators and alternative fuel generation
Zero-carbon-powered solutions, including fuel cells, 15 litres pure, power 46-675 horsepower, for road cargo Electrical units, exchange generators, aircrews
Power, power-driven bridges, towing and transmission systems and electrolysis Transport, passenger transport provides clean power; Motivation, control systems, automatic switch
Five product lines, such as hydro-hydrogen equipment. Accelera • diesel and gas engines in non-road use cover 2.8 - 95 litres and power 46 - 4400 horse.
It's a spare parts supplier and an integrator. It's a bus aid, it's an exchange generator product brand that includes avk, trucks, orbital traffic, engineering equipment, fixed power.
(b) Carbon decarbonization in sectors such as engineering, mining, agricultural machinery, and stamford; and carbon-intensive industries.
(a) Experts in the field of ships, oil and gas fields, railways and power generation, one-stop pre-integrated power solutions, turbo-pressurization technology systems: the world ' s leading turbo-pressurizer manufacturer, a full series of turbo-pressurizers and related products designed and manufactured for diesel and gas engines above three litres;
(a) Emission treatment systems: emissions control systems such as the production and integration of oxidizers, wall currents and semi-wall currents filters, selective catalytic reductors, etc.;
• Vehicle control systems: provision of engine slow-speed technologies and programmes, with core technologies and products mainly related to gas distribution institutions, including stop-cylinder technology, variable gas door control, high power slowers, compressed release slowers, excreta slowers and exhaust valves; • leaching systems: design, manufacture and marketing of all types of filtered products for all engine power systems, including air filters, fuel filters, lubricating oil filters and hydraulic fluid filters, cooling series and various types
Chemical additive products 100 years of historical review - four important stages. The development of Commins has demonstrated its strategic choices and technological innovations at a critical time, helping it to seize opportunities, break challenges, and become a leader in the global engine industry in the first phase.
(1919-1950) Conmins laid the foundations for early development through innovative diesel engine technology and the market for commercial trucks; phase II (1950-1980), where companies seized the growth opportunities of international markets through globalization and international cooperation, particularly in the post-World War II global infrastructure needs; and phase III (1980-2000),
Faced with increasingly stringent global environmental regulations, Conmins promoted sustainable development and increased market share through clean diesel technology innovation and M & A companies; and, in phase IV (2000 to date), Conmins accelerated its expansion to new energy sources by pushing hydrogen fuel and electric power systems to ensure its leading position in future sustainable development.
Figure 19 Conmins' commitment to innovation, globalization and sustainable development strategies, achieving 100-year-olds phase I (1919-1950): Innovative diesel technology, commercial trucking, 3 February 1919, Conmins Corporation, Columbus, Indiana, United States.
He was an engineer who believed in the great commercial potential of a high-efficiency, durable internal combustion engine, especially in the areas of commercial trucks, agricultural machinery, and industrial equipment. In partnership with Indiana banker William g. Owen, Clemente was created with Owen’s financial support to work on the design, manufacture and commercial response of diesel engines.
In 1924, Conmins successfully developed the first fully owned design, starting with the production of the F engine, using a direct-jet design patented in 1921, which opened up the long history of Cummings' innovation. In 1928, Commins launched the U-type engine, and went further in the area of motor power.
In 1929, Commins started producing the K-type engine, which has served the industry, the stationary equipment and the ship market for the next four decades. In 1932, Commins started producing the H672 engine, the h-type opened the door to the North American commercial truck transport market and dominated the entire industry for decades to come. In 1936, Commins sold it.
In 1937, Conmins made his first profit. In 1947, Conmins’ stocks were traded openly for the first time. Phase II (1950-1980): Taking advantage of post-war opportunities and promoting globalization.
▪ 1956: Establishment of a plant in Scotland; 1959: expansion of operations to South America and promotion of the manufacturing strategy of local suppliers on all continents; 1962: access to East Asian markets in cooperation with Matsuko;
1962: Establishment of the Kirloskar plant into the Indian market: 1973: acquisition of a world-class turbo mechanic manufacturer based in the United Kingdom; 1975: Conmins became one of the first United States companies to operate in China.
Phase III (1980-2000): Innovative transitions and market breakthroughs under well-developed environmental legislation Amendments to the Clean Air Act introduced stricter regulations for tail gas emissions from traditional motor vehicles and more stringent two-stage emission standards for passenger vehicles, light and heavy trucks: in 1994 epa introduced Tier1 emission standards, which set out the requirements for emissions.
In response to the challenge, Conmins continued to build on the innovation transition. Conmins Electronics was set up in 1985 to be responsible for engine control modules and electronic control units, software, sensors and tools, and in 1990 it first produced full-scope electronic control of celect.
The system, a full year ahead of the 1991 US EPA emissions standards. Holset engineering, a fully funded subsidiary in 2000, took the lead in pushing the variable geometric turbines to the market.
In 1991, Conmins worked with Sabo-Skanya to further improve engine quality by improving fuel development systems. In 1993, Conmins worked with Tata Motors in India to expand the Indian market.
Phase IV (2000-present): Industry leaders driven by innovation in global expansion and diversification entered the twenty-first century, where Conmins made important achievements in global expansion and technological innovation through a series of major initiatives. In 2001, the company established Comminth Emissions Solutions, focusing on the development and manufacture of tailings reprocessing systems.
In the same year, Conmins, in partnership with West Harbour Innovations, launched natural gas engines that successfully responded to increasingly stringent environmental regulations. These engines are now well above California’s very low-nitrogen oxide emission standards.