The results of the stratification were remarkable, with bip3 leading the change in business services, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre achieving a net return profit of 220 million yuan, a decrease of 69.0 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 150 million yuan in non-repatriation.
Cloud services have grown rapidly, and the structure of the operation has been continuously upgraded. During the reporting period, 1 % of the cloud operations have achieved 63.5 % of their revenue, using yombip3 as a means of accelerating the break-through of the high-end erp market. During the reporting period, large enterprise markets have grown by more than 100 million yuan, a 17.6% increase compared to the overall increase. At the end of the product, the company’s core product renewal rate has been met.
105.5% of them, of which yonbip3 products were strong, achieved a full breakthrough in the platform ' s technology and application architecture, areas and industries, and eco-systems at three levels, reaching global leadership. Since its release in August 2022, the amount contracted by bip3 has exceeded 1 billion yuan. By the end of the reporting period, the company had successfully signed a contract for a Chinese ship.
In addition, in this round of chhagpt development, the yonbip platform is known for its role as "Mun", and it is known that 27 companies and public organizations, represented by China Electronics, China Electronics, China National Networks, China Connect, China Mobile, etc., have cumulatively signed up for a total of 27 companies, helping many of its large enterprises to complete a national product replacement, leading the market share.
During the reporting period, the market for medium-sized enterprises generated real revenues from cloud services and software operations of $1.14 billion, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the same period; among them, cloud services operations are high.
Of these, the number of yonsuite new clients paying fees was close to 7,000, and the amount of contract contracts doubled over the same period; the number of u9clud new clients and the amount of project contracts doubled over the same period; u8clud successfully signed over 400 city clients and hundreds of well-known businesses and public organizations. We believe that this was accompanied by the private economy.
1. Friends Network (600588). The cloud transformation is deepening, the dynamic is recovering, and the market for medium-sized enterprises has the potential to be explored. The market advantage of large enterprises is evident (2022-10-30).
Large clients have increased advantage (2022-08-22) by 215 times, 97 times, 58 times, and 8 times, 6 times, and 5 times, respectively. Companies, as one of the domestic erp champions, take advantage of the twin opportunities of intellectual transformation and nationalization.
The increase in profitability is to be expected, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 1) Traditional software: Business penetration continues to increase, and the need for the authorized deployment of traditional localized software declines, followed by industry 2) Cloud services: in the larger context of the digital economy, the digital transformation of industry has been catalyzed at the historical level, adding to the continuing wave of national production
Evolution, firm corporate commitment and promotion of cloud transformation strategies, with significant performance in stratification. Companies are well positioned in large corporate markets, with strong yonbip3 products, and are expected to take on more mega-enterprise project orders; medium-sized enterprise markets are fast-disbursed by the introduction of u9c and yonsuite products; and microbusiness markets are fully converted to public cloud services, with revenue volume and quality.
In combination, three listed companies from the industry were selected as reference for the valuation. From the ps point of view, the company ' s 2023 valuation was eight times and the industry ' s average 21 times, which was significantly lower than the industry ' s average valuation.
The company, as one of the leading domestic erp firms, captures the twin opportunities of intellectual transformation and nationalization, and the profitability rises to a desirable level, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.