2022: A determined push for strategic transformation, a win-off of letters, and the creation of a national production opportunity.
Research assistant Wang Shijie, keyword: # underperformance event: 25 March 2023, company annual report 2022.
Business cloud + software generated revenues of $9.2 billion, a 6.5% increase over the previous year, and the decline was mainly due to q4 customers watching environmental disturbances and the downside of the client industry. Cloud services generated revenues of $6,353 million, a 19.4% increase over the previous year, accounting for 68.6% of the revenue, and continued the cloud service transition compared to the same period of the previous year +9pt.
The revenue from software business fell by 14.2% over the year, and continued strategic contractions. Twenty-two years of net profit from the same year, to seize the opportunity of creating a national product, and to rapidly expand its clients. In the large corporate customer market, the Department achieved $6,651 billion in revenues from cloud services and software business, an increase of 6.5%.
In 2022, 16 new first-tier companies signed contracts for first-tier companies, with 27 cumulative contracts. In the medium-sized customer market, companies earned 1,142 million yuan in cloud services and software.
This represents an increase of 25.8 per cent over the same period, of which revenues from cloud services were $631.8 million, or 60.6 per cent over the same period, and core products a renewal rate of 82.0 per cent; and in the MSMEs customer market, revenues from cloud services and software operations were $685 million, or 15.0 per cent over the same period, of which Saas subscriptions were real.
Quarterly review: The cloud transformation was over-expected, high R & D continued to invest, and product breakthroughs promoted eco-building. 22 years of corporate R & D investment, 2.93 billion US dollars.
The company continuously upgrades the eco-partner development strategy using a friend-bip as its cornerstone. The number of partners is nearly 2,500, the same as the number of partners.
Conversion results from commercialization projects; 419 professional service partners.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The firm’s domesticization is imminent, and its friends have accumulated deep in large client areas and have been rated first in many years by gartner as China’s large erp market. We believe that as the erp’s national production opens up market space, the network’s performance is expected to rise.
As a result of the company’s efforts to shut down its clients and increase its investment, we have reduced by 2023 billion yuan, giving the mother a net profit of 2,352 million yuan in 2025, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board