With friendly networks, openai and letter-making policies to push the corporate combo head up, big corporate customers continue to break through, and product maturity accelerates.
As the epidemic subsides, the first demand for alternative production is expected to benefit the company’s core. Openai technology will also be integrated into business management, and new applications are expected to create additional market space.
In 2023, the pace of substitution accelerated significantly, replacing demand with that of the larger enterprise, erp, led by the company. The product side, according to corporate news bulletins, the company’s products were fully aligned with the mainstream national producers.
On the client side, in the first half of 2022, the company signed a number of national product projects, such as the Chinese Bank, the Chinese Bank, the China-China Bank, the Human Security Group, the Nanshan Holdings, and the Jinzhou Chinese Industries.
Chatgpt is integrated into the rp, and the number of businesses is intellectually raised. Microsoft recently announced that its erp+crm product lines would be integrated into popenai technology, on-line chhatgpt, and that the intellectualization of businesses would be catalytic.
In March 2022, the National Investment Commission issued the Guidance for Central Enterprises to Accelerate the Construction of the World's First Class Financial Management System, and in November of the same year the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Guide to the Digital Transformation of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises. The intellectualization of enterprises is accelerating the transformation, with the opening of market space for the business services industry.
The core product Bip3 leads the world, and the social level Paas platform uses its friend iuap to achieve the total market value of the technology (in millions of yuan) to break through, and the number of intellectually motivated enterprises has increased. The company has worked with the China-Food Group, the China-China Five Bureau, and China-China.
On 7 February, the company-led Ministry of Industry and Communications, “Intelligent Manufacturing Integrated Standardization and New Model Application Project 2017” was accepted and accepted.
Peking Friends Technology Co. Ltd. continues to verify that the maturity of the product is accelerating, and that the scale of the epidemic and the strategic inputs are stagnating the performance of the current period and are expected to turn up in 2023.
Alumni Network: The Cloud Transformation has a remarkable effect, big clients expand and R & D inputs are expected to yield a slow release of performance. As negative factors are removed, the front-loading is effective. Alumni Network: The Cloud Transformation has a significant effect, and large clients expand.
20221028 Affiliated Networks: q2 Performance Increases significantly, Cloud Services High, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations The speed of IT procurement is not as high as expected; cost controls are not as high as expected.