History Revue: Performance and Valuation Decision Overtakes, Hopes of Over Gains Under the New Crown Impact
Now: Through the six time zones in which the company has made significant excess gains since its listing, we have concluded that: 1) in the long term, the company ' s excess gains are derived from asset acquisitions and injections, the defensive properties of hydropower investments, and the re-engineering of valuations under the influx of foreign capital; 2) in the short term, the company ' s excess gains are for the owners
A new coronary disease that began at the beginning of the year could further increase the impact on the macroeconomy, and companies, as “class bonds”-characterized assets, are expected to show significant excesses in terms of stable performance and high dividends.
▪ Asset injections: Upon infusion of U.S. and White assets, companies will be enriched with eps, with tax adjustments limited to performance impact: 1) Loading: according to our calculations, 26.2 million kilowatts of incremental loaders will be contributed as a result of infusion of Utund and White Crane Beach power station assets, an increase of 57.59 per cent over their original size; $101.4 billion
It is expected that the additional 10 billion kilowatt hours will be saved, reaching around 20 billion kilowatt-hours. 2) Prices of electricity: Economics in target areas are more advanced, they are more affordable, and future prices are expected to be limited. 3) Tax rate: the company ' s value added tax refund policy expired in 2017.
Tax concessions will expire in 2020, and tax rates will reduce net profit margins and expansion: strategic planning is incredibly clear, horizontal + vertical + short-term + long-term industry + combined scarce core capital
Structure: Horizontally, the company makes multi-equity investments in the energy industry, both within and outside the country: 1) in North Lake (28.45 per cent), Three Gorges (20.00 per cent), Guangzhou 2, Mountain Coal International (600546).
Corporate equity; 2) offshore acquisition of Sempraenergy, a company listed on the United States Stock Exchange in New York, with a high growth of its main industry, and a combination of “steads” and other assets, such as electricity distribution in Peru.
Transforming, leading the heterogeneous cytology industry (from 2016 to 2018, long-term equity investments grew at a rate of 17%, and investment returns effectively smoothed corporate performance.
The interest cycle opens up investment in the country's capital, the three gorges are watery and integrate the local power grid and the will of Chongqing City, such as the Qingqing City power station, the Yujiang river power station, and the high dividends mark is worth it.
In the future, it is expected that the three gorges will be built into an integrated distribution grid, focusing on the 2019-09-16 production platform, thus extending downstream along the industrial chain, gradually turning themselves into distribution.
Annual Strategy for the Utilities and Coal Industry 2020: Good Way - Searching Cycle 1. Corporate Profile: The World's largest hydropower listing company, cash cow business provides a high score
The Yangtze Power was established in 2002 and, through the gradual acquisition of installed hydropower assets from the parent company, the Tri-Gorge Group, has now become the largest electricity company in a stock, the largest hydropower company in the world, with three gorges, the Goji Dam, the Quixada River, and four mega-hydropower stations to the dam, with a total capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts, of which the tri-Gorge power supply is available.
The future Utungde power station, which is being built by the Three Gorges Group (which became operational in 2020), and the White Crane Beach power station (which became operational in 2021) will inject the selected machine into the company, which will have six power stations on the river stream, with a capacity of 71,695,000 kW, with a combined power station movement function to be further developed. The company’s power will be sold mainly.
By the end of 2019, the tri-gorge group held 57.92% of the shares in listed companies, and the actual controlling person was the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. Figure 1: The company was looking at its hydroelectric assets by the end of 2019.
Table 1: Company power and water assets (Utungde, White Crane Beach share in the tri-Firth Group) 1.1. Electricity prices and roe are as robust as ever and performance is largely unaffected by the fluctuations in the Yangtze water. Overall, the company ' s electricity, electricity prices and profitability are stable, and the fluctuations in the Yangtze water are fundamental to the company ' s performance.
Because of the company's clear business model for hydropower operations, its more stable performance and its higher depreciation, the cash flow pattern: performance and valuation determine excess gains, and the impact of the new crown epidemic overtakes, we have achieved significant excess gains in six time zones since the company's listing, which are summarized as: 1) long.
During the period, the excess gains from the acquisition and injection of assets, the defensive properties of hydropower investment, the valuation of foreign capital inflows, and 2) in the short term, the excess gains are mainly affected by expected water scarcity and electricity price adjustments. In this case, the economy is operating at a slower pace, inflation is rising, and a new coronary virus pneumonia outbreak began at the beginning of the year.
The impact on macroeconomics is likely to increase further, with companies performing as “class bonds”-characterized assets stable, with high dividends, and promising to show significant excess gains.
In an attempt to find out the source of the excess returns on the company ' s stock, we have analysed the six apparent periods of excess gains identified in the previous section: 1) January 2004 - May 2006: July 2004 company announcement that two three gorges were to be purchased for 700,000 kilowatts.
The fleet, the infusion of assets, will lead to the release of the growth in the size of the company and the growth in its performance; at the same time, the period has been characterized by continuous downswings, with the “reverse-cyclical” attributes of the hydropower industry itself showing the excess returns of the company, which are derived both from the growth of the eps and from the rise of the pe.
2) June 2008 - November 2009: The above certificate indicates a continuous downswing and a “reverse cycle” of properties in the hydroelectric sector; Reorganization of assets by the company closed down in May 2008, the Great Shareholder Tri-Fought Group proposed to market the main business, the company acquired 18.7 million kW of the tri-Firth-Word fleet and the power power station 2 5000 kW, the excess gains for this phase came from both the eps and the eps.
The nuclear industry group will replace 45% of the equity in the center and wide with a portion of the corporate equity held by the tri-gorges group: the second is that the expectation of the gdp upswing results in continued weakness, the “reverse-cyclical” properties of the hydropower sector, which represent the period's excess returns.
This is mainly due to Pe’s upgrading and short-term event shocks. A group of three gorges installed at a size of 3*7 million kW and 3*.7 million kW, respectively, with asset injections leading to the release of the growth in the size of the company’s aircraft and the growth in its performance, with the excess gains in this period largely derived from the growth of the eps.
Injecting a dam with the company’s expectation that the company’s excess earnings will follow the boom, and that in June 2015 the company stopped planning to acquire the assets of the streams and dams, escaped a major fall, and that the excess gains after the relic will be significant, so that the excess gains in this phase will come mainly from Pe’s uplifting.
6) February 2017 to date: The Yangtze River basin has come to overflow and co-exist with dams, while at the same time increasing corporate performance; the company has made a commitment to land, adding up to the flood of foreign capital generated by the opening of the port of Hong Kong, which has led to the growth of the company ' s performance, while the valuation system has gradually been reshaped, with the excess gains during this period coming from both the growth of the ps and the increase in the pe.
As a result, a review of the company ' s stock price shows that 1) the main reasons for the significant increase in the company ' s excess earnings over the long term are three: first, asset acquisitions and injections, multiple reorganisations since the company ' s listing, and significant growth in the company ' s assets and performance with the size of the power station installed under the flag.
Upgrade, expectations of asset acquisition and real growth in performance have both positively contributed to the company’s excess returns. Second, in the case of hydropower investment, macroeconomic weakness, and weak markets, companies exhibit a stronger “investment defense” based on stable performance, weaker cyclicality, and higher dividends from high dividends commitments have made the company a class of bond-based investment.
Three are the re-engineering of valuations in the context of inflows of foreign capital, mainly following the opening in 2017 of the Hong Kong Harbour Port and the influx of foreign capital to invest in scarce and pure hydropower in overseas markets, with overseas funds receiving some price-fixing rights to re-establish corporate valuation levels, and an increase in valuations to enhance corporate behaviour and excess returns.
2) In the short term, the impact of the company ' s excess earnings is mainly due to two factors: first, the effect of water infatuation, the positive effect of water infatuation on the company ' s performance, and, conversely, the fact that water turnover in the country is predominantly annual, so that the effect of water volatility is usually more pronounced on current performance and short-term (quarterly) performance. second, the effect of electricity price adjustment.
The increase in prices can increase corporate sentiment, while rumours of price increases and the fact that they do occur can generate excess gains by 2.3. Stagnating bond-type attributes, which are expected to be reflected in the impact of the new crown, according to Merrillian investment clock theory, most likely during the stagnating period (deteriorating economic growth, rising inflation rates)
Distributed industries are defensive industries, such as utilities, represented by hydropower; at the same time, companies tend to perform well during recessions (deteriorating economic growth rates and falling inflation rates) as they have a higher share of red and relatively stable returns and strong “bond-like” attributes.
The effects of overheating inertia and the global financial bubble and the fact that the stock market as a whole is on the rise, so since 2020, our macroeconomic performance has been at a low-growth stage, inflation has been rising, and the new coronary virus pneumonia outbreak at the beginning of the year is likely to further increase its impact on the macroeconomics, so we anticipate that
The macroeconomic aggregates in 2020 are characterized by stagnating, and according to what we have mentioned above, the company's performance as an asset with “class bonds” characteristics is stable, with high dividends and dividends, and is expected to reflect a significant excess of revenue, figure 13: cpi since 2014 (as compared to the same month) (%)
Figure 14: Rate of return on the 10-year maturity of the State debt since 2014 (%) Asset injection: U.S. and White asset injections will boost companies, pss, tax rate adjustment for industry 1) Loading: according to our calculations, US$ 26.2 million will be contributed by the injection of U.T. and White Crane Beach power station assets
The incremental loaders, an increase of 57.59 per cent over their original size; the contribution of 101.4 billion kilowatt-hours of incremental electricity, compared to the previous size, represent only 7.9 per cent and 11.0 per cent of the annual market-based electricity traded by companies, and are expected to be limited in terms of future electricity prices, given the more advanced economic levels in the targeted areas of the company's electricity sales.
The tax policy expired in 2017, the income tax preference policy will expire in 2020, and the tax rate adjusted will reduce the net profit by about 747 million yuan, representing only a limited impact on performance as compared with the total net profit of the company in 2018.
Since its listing, the company has acquired hydroelectric power plant assets under the banner of the Great Shareholder Tri-Firth Group on several separate shipments: 1) in 2003 ipo collected funds for the purchase of the tri-Firth Stations 2, 3, 5 and 6 at a cost of $18.700 billion; 2) in March 2005 the purchase of units 1 and 4 of the tri-Firth-Firth Station at a cost of $9.837 billion; 3) in May 2007 the acquisition of the tri-Firth-Firth Stations 7 and 8
In November 2015, a major asset reorganization took over 100 per cent of Kawakawa Clouds ' shares (Hun Lodge, Power Station Assets), with a combined capacity growth rate of 22.3 per cent in 2003-2018 and a combined profit rate of 29.7 per cent for the acquiring party.
In addition to the acquisition in 2009 of Unit 9-26 of the Three Gorges and the Specialized Auxiliary Production Company and the acquisition in 2015 of 100 per cent of the ownership of the Kawakawa Yunchang Department, owing to the size of the assets and the use of the issuing of shares, cash purchases were the main method (the third Gorge Group loan of $1 billion was taken in 2012 when the second batch of underground power stations of the Three Gorges was acquired).
The Utungde and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants will be operational from 2020 onwards. According to the Tri-Gorge Group's annual report 2018, 1) Utungde hydroelectric plants are the seventh largest hydroelectric power station in the world that has been built and is under construction, and the lower Qingsha River at the border of Kawasaki province is the backbone of our strategy.
Water turbines with a single capacity of 850,000 kilowatts, with a total installed capacity of 10.2 million kilowatts, are expected to generate 38.9 billion kilowatt-hours per year. Preparations began in 2011 and were officially approved by the State in December 2015, with full construction of the main project, with the first generation planned for August 2020, with the full generation expected in December 2021.)
It is the second of the four water elevator stations in the lower Jinsha River, the second of the world's largest installed, and the fourth mega-power station of 10 million kilowatts, one of the backbone power points of the West East. The power station is planned to have a capacity of 16 million kilowatts.
A contribution of 5.5 million kilowatts (kW) was pledged, with an average of 62.5 billion kWh of electricity generated over the years, 825 m of normal water storage, 20.6 billion cubic metres of total reservoirs, 10.4 billion cubic metres of reservoirs, and 7.5 billion cubic metres of flood-resistant reservoirs. In 2013, the main project was officially launched, with the first generation planned for July 2021, and it is expected that all units will be installed in December 2022.
Figure 16: Topping structure of the control reservoirs in the dry tributary upstream of the Yangtze River. Upon infusion of assets, installed capacity and annual power generation have increased by more than 50 per cent and profit has increased by more than 30 per cent. 1) Size: the company currently has a combined installed capacity of 45,495,000 kW at the four hydropower stations in hand, if Utund and cranes
Injection of water and power station assets contributed 26.2 million kWh of incremental loaders, an increase of 57.59 per cent compared to the original scale; the company now has four hydropower stations with combined design capacity of 191.9 billion kWh per year and, following the infusion of uranium and white assets, 101.4 billion kWh of additional power, an increase of 52.84 per cent compared to the original size.)
Investments at the White Crane Beach amount to 96.7 billion yuan, assuming 30 per cent capital, 4 per cent financial cost and 40 years ' depreciation of capital: electricity generation is based on an annual design capacity of 38.9 billion kWh and 62.5 billion kWh respectively, with an average sale price of 0.2786/kWh, and operating costs of 0.0389/kWh, with all units expected to receive after delivery.
With the injection of assets in U, White Power Stations, in addition to a significant increase in the size of installed machines, annual power generation, and net profits, it will also be possible to bring about an increase in electricity generated by the combined elevator power station movement. With the acquisition of Kawayun in 2015, the company will be able to achieve a "four-bureau" ladder.
Real-time optimization is being implemented through the rational development of strategies for water pre-dipping, flood control and post-dip water storage for ladder power stations by reducing the dumping of water in ladder reservoirs, increasing the average running of water heads, increasing the utilization of water resources and generating electricity in ladder power stations; reducing water uncertainty and improving the use and efficiency of currents. In 2014-2018, the company adopted the "Four Banks"
Together, we have achieved 9.1 billion, 9.2 billion, 9.9 billion, 9.6 billion and 9.9 billion kWh of water-saving electricity generation. This time, the U.S., White Power Stations, figure 19: Water-incremented power generation for 2013-2018 (billion kWh) is now mainly based on three types of cost additions, the reverse price of electricity in the LZ and the price of utility poles.
Pricing methods, in addition to the introduction of market-based pricing in individual regions. In January 2014, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a Circular on the Improvement of Electricity Prices for Electricity and Water Access, which explicitly stated that all new, inter-provincial and trans-regional hydroelectric power stations that delivered electricity after 1 February 2014 were priced in reverse.
The Yangtze electric power plant uses a reverse price on the dam station and the River River power station, and the Goi dam station is priced on a cost-plus basis. The three Gorge power station price is based on the National Planning Commission's Circular on the Application of the Three Gorges Hydroelectric Discharge Programme (baseline [2001] 2668), which delivers electricity to the landings of the provinces and cities before the introduction of the “competitive Internet”
Prices, in principle, are determined on the basis of the average price of electricity on the Internet for the same period at the municipal power plant in the Ministry of Electricity and Electricity, which fluctuates as the average price of water on the municipal level changes. 1) In 2016-2018, the prices of electricity on the Internet (the same price as the prices on the Internet) for companies were 165.4 and 23.61 billion kWh, respectively, representing 7.9 per cent and 11.0 per cent of the total number of electricity on the Internet, respectively, and were marketed.
The share of light power is relatively low. 3) Due to the relatively advanced economic level of the company ' s electricity-sale target areas (the three isthmus: Guangdong, Huadong, Huatung, Huatung Dams: China Central, China East, to the dam: Shanghai, Sichuan, Yunnan, River Lodang: Zhejiang, Guangdong, Sichuan and Yunnan), the price of electricity is more affordable and the range of future electricity prices is expected to be limited.
3.3. Value added tax (VAT) and income tax preference policies are coming to an end, with tax adjustments having limited impact on company performance 1) The VAT refund policy expired in 2017. According to the Circular on Value Added Tax Policies for Large Hydropower Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance and the National Tax Administration in February 2014, hydroelectric power stations (including 1 million kW installed capacity)
From 1 January 2013 to 31 December 2015, the effective tax on the value added tax was withdrawn from more than 8 per cent; from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2017, the actual tax on the value added tax was withdrawn from more than 12 per cent.
The preferential income tax policy will expire in 2020. 2) Based on the Circular on Tax Policy Related to the Further Implementation of the Western Great Development Strategy, issued jointly by the Ministry of Finance, the Customs Administration, and the National Tax Administration in July 2011, it is based on the Circular on Tax Policy for the Further Implementation of the Western Great Development Strategy.
In the western region, enterprises whose main operating income is more than 70 per cent of the total income of the enterprise, based on the industrial projects set out in the List of Incentive Industries of the Western Region, are subject to a 15 per cent tax on corporate income tax from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2020; in accordance with the State Tax Administration ' s publication of April 2009 on the implementation of the State ' s tax policy, enterprises whose main operating income amounts to more than 70 per cent of the total income of the enterprise are listed below:
Circular on the granting of income tax benefits to enterprises that focus on supporting public infrastructure projects, starting with the tax year for the first generation of production and operating income to the dam power station, the first to third years are exempt from corporate income tax and the fourth to sixth years are halved. In 2018, for example, the combined net profits to the dam are approximately 99.66.
Extension: Strategic planning is indistinguishable: horizontal + vertical + short-term + long-term horizontally, companies have made multi-equity investments in the energy sector, both within and outside the country: 1) in the North Lakes sector, with 28.45 per cent of the energy sector, 20.00 per cent of the water supply of the three isthmus, 19.62 per cent of the development of Guangzhou, 11.12 per cent of the energy supply in Chua, and 11.12 per cent of the energy supply.
(b) Foreign acquisitions of assets such as the distribution of electricity in Peru by companies listed on the United States stock exchange in New York. This has been accompanied by an increase in long-term equity investments and financial assets available for sale (17 per cent, 23 per cent and 33 per cent, respectively, in 2016-2018);
In vertical terms, the company, after several rounds of increased ownership of the three gorges, and by integrating the local power grids of Chongqing City, such as Xiangjiang, Wujiang, and the two new river area incremental distribution network, is expected to build the three gorges into a platform for the company to combine and distribute the assets of the grid, thereby extending down the chain of industry and gradually building itself into a distribution and distribution one.
4.1. Sustained growth in long-term equity investments and financial assets available for sale, and moderate performance fluctuations in investment returns 4.2. Horizontal acquisitions: balance of domestic and foreign power assets, with a focus on improving the layout of the energy industry
Six months ago, the company held 40 participating companies, with a cumulative balance of $31,014 million in original investments. 1) Within the country, the shares of listed companies in energy categories, such as An Queen (4.12%) respectively; 2) outside the country, in October 2019, the company announced its intention to acquire Sempra, a listed company on the United States New York Stock Exchange, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, China Long Electric International (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Energy distributes assets such as electricity in Peru, the core of which is the Lima Stock Exchange listed company lds. 4.3. Vertical extension: several rounds of increased holding of three gorges water, building an integrated platform for distribution and distribution, setting up an electricity distribution company, three gorges, and building an integrated platform for industrial chain integration with capital of the three gorges.
River Power Bulletin, joint venture with tri-gorge group fully-owned tri-gorge capital to establish tri-gorge power company (70% of Yangtze power, 30% of tri-gorge capital), main business is investment in construction, design and operation management of distribution systems, electricity sales and services.
The establishment of the distribution company means that the tri-gorge group gradually transitions from the highest-quality power generation assets to the distribution and distribution of the power supply level, with the tri-gorge group taking the lead in a situation where the power change wave has started and where there is a strong demand for electricity change as a top soldier in Chongqing.
In February of this year, the tri-gorge group joined Chongqing and Chongqing City to hold a joint event with Chongqing and Chongqing and Chongqing Sanjiang Tri-Gorge Investment Fund Management to launch a campaign.
The Government of the Yangtze Region signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation, proposing a “four-line integration” programme, namely, the integration of the tri-fon group into the local power grids, such as the Qingunglong power grid, the Quanjiang power grid and the Quanjiang incremental grid to create a new Chongqing “three-strength power grid”: 1) the formation of a joint energy company by the tri-Fong group to complete the integration of the shares of power from the Chongqing Yu River and the Qulong power grid; 2) the integration of the Quanjiang power grid.
The integration of the four local power grids, namely, Liang, Polylong Power, Three Gospels, and Longing Power, into one, brings together the four power grids in Chongqing to form the “Three Gospels” in Chongqing; 3) the transfer of water and electricity from the tri-Gosspel group to the tri-Gosspel river, from the national net to the Kawasaka corridor, is a real step towards the development of a “wage-for-energy reduction cost” for Chongqing.
Core assumption: assuming three gorges in 2020, three gorges in 2021, a Goebbels dam in 2021, a dam in the direction of the family and a river in the direction of the river, the average of three years in 2017-2019, i.e. 1) electricity generated by three gorges in 2019-2021 is available online at 968.77, 986.99 and 99064 million kilowatt hours, respectively
(b) In 2019-2021, electricity was generated by the Gueco dam power station at 190.85, 188.18, 18.740 million kWh, and electricity was accessed at 190.54, 18788 and 18.710 million kWh, using 6872, 6776 and 6748, respectively;
In terms of outreach and expansion, the strategic planning approach is very clear, with horizontal + vertical, short-term + long-term industrial layout, so we give the company a “buy-in” rating for the first time. 1) Water availability in the Yangtze river basin is not as good as expected;
2) The prices of electricity connected to the Internet have been steadily falling as a result of policy influence; 3) the demand for electricity for end-use industries has been reduced at the macroeconomic level and the number of electricity generation hours has fallen short of expectations; 4) the pace of electricity reform has not progressed as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board