Ocean River shares (002304.sz)
The rise in consumption has led to a recovery in the white wine industry, which has become more than two years of deep adjustment, and the consumer has gradually returned to rationality, with the main cost shifting from government to private and commercial consumption. From 2005 onwards, the population has been at the disposal of the country.
Economic development has led to an increase in the consumer’s ability to consume, and the consumption of white wine has become medium- and high-end. As the prices of Maotai, Pu-V, and the cellar have risen, the next-high white wine prices have become more pronounced and there is much room for the future.
The company has a strong competitive advantage: the company’s product covers the lower end of the high school market, and each segment of the market has a large single item. Brand power: the company’s lead “Blue Classic” series is based on its softness, its unique flavour and its marketing channels.
In the future, the company will open up its own farming channels and expand the province.
In 2015, the dream series grew by more than 20%, and the company ' s product structure will continue to improve, which will boost profitability.
The company’s next goal is to reach 5,5 in the provinces and 5, and the ultimate goal is to achieve the structure of 7.3 in the provinces and beyond. By tapping the growth potential of the region’s traditional advantage, capturing the upward trend in consumption, the company is expected to achieve further high out-of-town growth.
We expect to manage rates and sales over the next three years due to a more stable management and operation of the company.
Production upgrades are less than expected, regional expansion in the province is less than expected, unlike public perception, markets may consider the sea blue base to be large and future growth pressured; companies have a higher share in Jiangsu city, in the province.
In our view, the blue of the sea is a large single item in the 100-200-bit zone, with a strong branding and nationalization capability;
Product structure upgrades were over-expected, and out-of-mission expansion accelerated (1) Food safety risks (2) Out-of-provincial expansion fell short of expectations
(3) Consumption rises less than expected.
Ocean River shares are one of China’s eight most famous wines, located in the city of Cebu, Jiangsu Province. The rich ecological environment and the long-standing white wine culture have shaped the unique style of the river’s “sweet, soft, clean, and fragrant.” The company uses white wine as its main industry, living in the first echelons of the white wine industry, which has three main brewing bases: the ocean river, two ditches, and Xiaoyang.
In recent years, the company has been working on a “soft” white wine classic called the Ocean River Blue classic, and has expanded the range of high-school low-quality white wine by buying two ditches and wine. The company’s business is dominated by the production and sale of white wine.
In 2016, corporate gross operating income rose by 1783 million yuan, or 7.04 per cent, and the return to the mother net profit by 5,827 million yuan, or 8.61 per cent.
In 2016, the company’s core product, the classic blue series, accounted for more than 70% of revenue. The company was a State-owned institutional enterprise, with the first shareholder being the 100% equity group of the National Investment Commission, with 34.16% of the company’s superior structure, and most executives of the group and the listed company, either directly or indirectly holding shares in the listed company, fully mobilizing.
Corporate executives are generally over-age, concentrated between 40 and 50 years of age. In terms of academic qualifications, management has a higher overall level of education, mostly with a master ' s degree or more.
At the beginning of 2015, the company’s board of directors was replaced, in line with the demands of the “double-nuclear-driven” development strategy. Zhang Yubau, former chairman of the board of directors of the Sou Liquor Group, chaired the board of directors of the company’s development strategy and pioneered new business. Wang Yiu was appointed.
The company will promote the “Amiba Management Model” in its entirety, while maintaining the large-scale advantages of the enterprise, with the flexibility of small businesses. (v) The red rate will increase year by year.
The process provides that, except in exceptional circumstances, where the company is profitable in the year and accumulated undistributed profits are positive, the dividends are distributed in cash, and the profits are distributed in cash on an annual basis not less than 30 per cent of the distributed profits achieved by the company in that year.
(i) Private consumption is responsible for the revival of the white wine industry, which has a special industry identity, a high Maori rate, a heavy tax burden and deep policy influence. In addition, white wine is a consumer product, and its intensity is strongly influenced by the disposable income.
With the introduction of policies that restrict “three public consumption” – alcohol and driving – the white wine has gone away from the gold decade to the industry’s low point. There has been a sharp decline in the production, income, profits, and prices of the products of the white wine companies.
(ii) Increased concentration in the white wine industry. After more than two years of deep adjustment, the consumer has gradually returned to rationality, and the main consumption has shifted to private and commercial consumption. However, the white wine industry still has a serious overcapacity problem.
The competition has intensified, with large firms buying and buying small businesses, and small, less capable white and wine businesses being phased out. In 2016, the share of revenue for white and wine listed companies was 19.6%, with the top three leading cities accounting for 13.4%, and we predict that future industrial concentration is expected to continue to rise.
(iii) Higher consumption leads to higher-middle-end white wine consumption, higher-end market space, higher-end economic development leads to higher consumption capacity among the population, and medium-high-end consumption of white wine. Starting in 2005, the disposable income of all residents of our country has been rising year by year, and growth rates have remained at about 10% or more.
The rate of increase is higher than the national level, with Jiangsu having a disposable income of $32,070 in 2016, 34.6 per cent higher than the national level, and consumption spending of $22,130 higher than the national level of 29.3 per cent. As the price of high-end white wine rises, the sub-high-end value for money is more pronounced.
According to a Boston consultancy report, the proportion of households with disposable incomes of $12,000 will increase from 17% to 34% by 2020. The expansion of the middle class will drive the development of the sub-higher market. In 2015, the entire high-end and sub-high-end white market will be about 87 billion yuan, one of them twice.
At the beginning of the year, the company launched a classic series of river blues based on the ocean's rivers, accounting for more than 70% of the revenue. Among them, the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky and the blue of the dream cover the upper, the lower and the upper ends.
In 2016, companies acquired precious wine into the area of soy sauce. Company lines are clear, with large singles at each price. Super-high prices are over $600, and cores have dream blues, wine series greens, and treasures. Sub-high prices are $300-600, and cores are blue.
The high-end price is 150-300 dollars, the core brand is the blue of the sea, the low-end price is 80-150 dollars, and the core is blue and blue and blue and blue. The low-end price is below 80 dollars, and the core is red and blue.
(ii) Increased branding power, after years of effort, has created a high-end national alcohol image, increasing brand value and visibility. In 2016, the British brand evaluation agency Brandfinance, “Global Breathing 50 is the first time the river has been super-high.
In addition, Yang Ha won the 39th of the "Most Valued Chinese Brand 100" in 2015, the 55th of the Chinese brand of Hu Yun in 2016, and one of the two Chinese brands of the 2017 most valuable brand 500. In addition, the company's owner plays the "Blue Classic" series.
Through its softness, unique flavours and marketing channels, it shapes its own branding power. (iii) The industry's leading marketing model The company uses a “1+1” marketing model with strong channel controls. The “1+1” marketing model works with distributors to develop end markets
By the end of 2015, the company had more than 4088 salesmen, far more than any other market.
In 2016, salesmen increased by 22% to 5,000 more. Higher sales inputs provide a channel for companies, and they also form a pattern of sales that is unique to companies.
The cost of making sales, which is roughly between 9 and 11%, is low in the white wine market. In 2016, net corporate gains, and the driving force of performance growth, i.e., higher consumption leads to higher product structure.
In 2017, the dream series was expected to grow by almost 50%. The wine industry, after adjustment in recent years, is gradually recovering. The blues of the sea and the blues of the sky continue to grow robustly. In 2016, the blues of the ocean account for 70% of the income of the ocean. On the scale of sales, the blues of the sea are the blues of the dreams. In Jiangsu, Anhui, Henan, Shandong, etc., the blues of the sea are 100-200.
As the channel sinkes and separate markets, such as dinners, we expect the blue sea to grow in double digits in 17 years. The blue sky is a single item in the 200-300 price belt, priced mainly at commercial prices of $2 and $4, respectively, in 2016. At the end of January 2017, based on the demands of market competition, the ocean's rivers were set against the classic series of blues.
A small price increase is made. Of these, the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky are raised by $2 and $3, respectively, and the dream blues are raised by $10-30. The sub-high-end price ratios are visible as the prices of the huts and the five-food liquid terminals rise, leaving room for the dream blues to raise prices. (ii) The downside of the channel in the province is driving a recovery.
Jiangsu's economy is ranked second in the country in total, with per capita income and consumption spending higher than the national average. Currently, the North-North Main Consumption Zone is over $100, and the South-Susan Prices are up to $200-400. According to the alcoholics, Jiang Su Province has about $26 billion in white wine market capacity, second only to Henan in the neighboring China-dong market.
As a province where white wine is sold, there is also a relatively prosperous alcohol culture in Jiangsu province, and the prospect of rising consumption of white wine in the South Sudan market is raised to sub-higher levels by the company's dream, sky series. The North, sky and sea blue series are stronger, and products such as the Ocean River are introduced to the low-end wine market.
Price systems, increased profits from the sea and the sky, and price quotations for some of the markets. 17h1, the province already has a strong (iii) Xinjiangsu market has maintained a high growth focus on the resources of the Xinjiangsu market and continued to promote nationalization. In 2014, the river proposed a market strategy for the Xinjiangsu market.
In 2016, there were 395 municipalities in the New Jiangsu market; 455 were planned for 2017, a 15.2% increase compared to the 15.2% increase.
The Jiangsu market has adopted a strategy of strategizing, focusing its resources on leveraging, replicating its experience, and nationalizing its breakthroughs and depths in the off-provincial market. The ultimate goal is to achieve a 7:3 structure within and outside the province. By tapping into the growth potential of the traditional advantage regions, it is to seize the rising consumption trend.
The company is expected to further optimize its extra-provincial structure. As the strategy for the Xinjiangsu market moves forward effectively, we expect that the provincial market will continue to grow at a faster rate of more than 20%.) With more stable corporate management and operations, we expect that the management and sales rates will remain stable over the next three years.
Food safety risks, out-of-town expansion, consumption rises less than expected, doing agro-forestry and fishing industry analysis at the Institute of Human Security, 2012 Crystalball Industry Group 5, good at managing industry cycles, field research on dozens of listed companies, good at digging investment values.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.