New Hope (000876.sz) plans to devalue its biological assets by the end of 2022, hopefully to catalyze farming plates.
Agriculture, livestock, farming, Ludgari, Jiang Haihai.
According to the communiqué, following an audit carried out by the Washington House in January 2023, the prices of the first quarter of each month (in particular in February and March) and the prices of the current month-by-month pig prices were the main basis for the company's previous audit of the situation in the northern region as a result of major changes in the situation in the pig market in the first quarter of 2023 and the disease in the northern part of the country.
The projected price of live pigs varies to a certain extent, and the effects of the disease in the northern regions of Shandong and Hebei (in particular in February and March) have exceeded expectations in the industry in late 2022, resulting in the company ' s partial consumption of biological assets and productive biological assets in late 2022 leading to an agricultural perspective in the capital sector: 1) the onset of non-infestivities during the winter has disturbed normal production in the farming sector in the northern region, with new hopes as headlines.
Farming groups, whose margin impairments for productive and expendable biological assets have also partially validated industry impacts, and are expected to further catalyze the plate. (2) The current share of bulk production in the pig industry is still close to 45 per cent, and the bulk households, as the weakest group in the industry ' s cash reserves, will promote further decomposition of tail production if prices fluctuate significantly. 3) We believe that short-term pig prices, whether they fall or start earlier.
In addition, the South is entering the rainy season, raising diseases or moving into high-prevalence periods, risking higher pig prices, and the risk of profit fluctuations due to large fluctuations in pig prices. A head pig’s attempt to write down bio-assembly at the end of 2022 is expected to further catalyze the plate.
One quarter (in particular in February and March) the northern regions of Shandong, Hebei and other northern regions also experienced a higher incidence of swine disease than anticipated in the industry at the end of 2022, resulting in a partial impairment of the company ' s expendable biological assets and productive biological assets at the end of 2022 than originally anticipated at the balance sheet date.
On 30 September 2022, the company ' s productive bio-assets amounted to $8.05 billion, and this proposed increase in productive bioassets by the end of 2022, with a reduction of $747 million, or 9.3%, of the value of all productive bioassets at the end of 20203. We believe that head pigs are making a devalued adjustment to pig-planting assets, indicating that normal replacements for pig production in the first quarter of 2023 were lost during the first quarter of 2023 and during the onset of the winter epidemic.
With some disruption, it is hoped that further catalysts will be achieved. As the share of bulk production remains high, the price of pigs fluctuates significantly or the end-of-life can be deactivated, according to the latest findings of the Chinese Livestock Statistics Yearbook, in 2020 we still had a larger number of live pig-breeding households below 500 per year, all of them.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, the proportion of farmers ' productive capacity remained high in 2020, at 43% for decentralized households below 500 per year, 50% for size, and nearly 7% for integration. We believe that because farmers ' cash reserves are weak, so long as farmers ' productive capacity is higher and their prices are highly volatile, the pig cycle will not survive further degeneration.
At the risk of growing up, the farm industry has no high holding opportunity costs, allowing time to change spaces. Figure 1: We still have a high number of pig-breeding households. Figure 2: Currently, the bulk-breeding capacity ratio is close to 43 per cent.
We believe that short-term price declines and early start-up increases do not affect medium-term price increases. On the one hand, with the impact of loss and loss of pig prices and non-false disturbances, the production capacity of the industrial hogs has begun to fade, according to the data published by the Ministry of Agriculture, which is capable of keeping the pigs in stock.
In January and February 2023, we lost 0.6%, 0.6%, and in February 2023, depending on the magnitude of the loss in the price of the pig in March and the fact that the non-pest disease is still active, it is expected to remain degenerative. In addition, the south is gradually entering the rainy season, raising diseases or moving into a high-prevalence period, and the prices of pigs are expected to continue. On the other hand, on the demand side, it will benefit from the warmth of the restaurant, as well as from the consumption of pork in 2023.
On balance, medium-term hog prices are expected to move strongly, supported by both supply and demand. The investment proposal is a full-scale roll-out of multi-fertilized pigs.
The risk of uncertainty due to bad weather, the potential risks associated with uncontrolled animal outbreaks, and the risk of genetic modification are not advanced as expected. New Hopes (000876.sz)-2021 and Quarterly 2022: marginal improvements in pig business, continuing growth trends - authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author