The first two-curve growth connection, the ict industry giants, took a new chapter - the first coverage of the report by the Midway News (00063.sz).
The company is the leading provider of the global ict solution, and in 2021, the three major lines of business went hand in hand, the company is the leading provider of the global integrated communication information solution, and the main business is divided into operations, the company is the top four equipment providers worldwide, and the first growth curve is stable.
The first curve is dominated by traditional wireless and cable products. The pattern of 2022q1 suppliers is relatively stable from year to year, driven mainly by an increase in the share of broadband access, and the market share of electricity will continue to rise in the first quarter of 2022. In addition, the country will accelerate the construction of 5g and the landing of 5g applications.
Policies drive the development of the data economy, the second-growth curve in the power of the company The second-curve business of the company is mainly on servers and storage, terminals, digital energy, automobiles and electronics
Network infrastructure, as part of the new infrastructure, is an important part of the drive for economic growth. We are now developing a digital economy supported by new-generation information technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, human intelligence, material networking, block chains, etc.
The creators of the word economy will further the digital transformation, playing a leading role in helping the global digital economy to build a new and cross-cutting development.
The company’s performance has risen rapidly since it emerged from the burden, with fluctuations in performance in the last two years largely influenced by the non-recurring gains and losses on land resulting from the commissioning of the Shenzhen Bay Super-Headquarters project, the long-term equity investment in the Nubian mobile brand, the reduction in the value of the credit and the price of the upstream widgets, but the overall trend has been upwards with the sea.
5g build-up drive and 5g application landing, with the potential to increase the profitability of core operators’ operations; new business expansion below expectations; increased market competition; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and reputational risk raising.
China Communications Co. Ltd., a leading global provider of integrated communications information solutions, was listed for the Global Year in Hong Kong and Shenzhen, the first of which was a stock company to be listed on the Hong Kong Consort Board.
Four providers of communications equipment, together with major players and contributors to global 5g technology research and standard-setting, cover more than 160 countries or regions, serve more than one quarter of the world's population, and work towards a better future of “communication and trust everywhere.” Communications in China insists on continuous technological innovation as a constant source of value to clients.
It was created from Xian to Shenzhen, and from Shenzhen to the world. The founder of the communications network, Mr. Gui, was formerly in Xian.
In 2009, China became the world’s top five smartphones. In 2015, China’s share of overseas income was more than 50%.
It has become a global telecommunications enterprise. In 2018, after the storm of the embargo, middle-class communications returned to normal production, with the company concentrating its resources on building 5g, and the 5g test has fully kept pace with the national tests and is now a 5g leader.
Corporate ownership is divided into three main categories: operator operations, government enterprises, and consumer operations. Of these, operator operations focus on the evolving needs of the network of operators, including innovative technology and product solutions such as wireless access, wire access, carrying networks, core networks, telecommunications software systems and services: government and business focus on energy, transport, government, finance, mutual relations.
Networking, large enterprises, including products or services based on “communication networks, object networking, big data, cloud computing” for governments and enterprises for various types of information-based solutions; smart experiences of consumers in consumer operations, including products such as smart cell phones, mobile data terminals, home information terminals, integration innovation terminals, and related software applications and applications
Value-added services. In addition, China-China provides a full range of 5g-based enabling services, enabling operators and industry partners to develop 5g operations through the introduction of big data and ai technology. Figure 3: Corporate 5g services programme
Figure 2: Corporate ownership. Corporations are strong in R & D, leading by a. China-China News has set up 11 R & D institutions across the country, insisting on continuous technological innovation as a constant source of value for their clients, with R & D investment remaining at more than 10 per cent of operating income for many years.
It is ahead of other a-stock listings and is increasing steadily, with 2022q1 R & D spending as a share of revenue reaching more than 84,000 global patent applications on 31 December of the year, and has authorized more than 42,000 patents, cumulatively winning 10 gold prizes for China patents.
In the field of wireless products, the microelectronic 5g's 7nm core chip has been commercialized, based on the high performance of the 7nm self-research chip, the whole series of nostalgia.
Line products enablers build high-value, smooth-evolved 5g networks; in the field of cable products, microelectronics, self-research core chips are marketed to achieve high product integration, high performance, low power consumption, and significantly increase the competitiveness of cable products. The company now has the industry’s leading chip-wide process design capability and uses process-chips.
In the trend towards ict, companies need to have product-wide solutions such as cable/wire network, terminals, computing and storage systems.
With more than 30 years of intensive farming in the field of IT, a complete industrial chain is in place. Servers, storage R & D centres have been established in Nanjing, Changsha, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Shanghai, etc., with over 1,000 R & D, testing, market, post-sale, production, and other functional personnel, with a small number of autonomous R & D equipment,
The producers of operating systems, databases, storage software and virtualized software have become the 1.2-most state-owned holdings of the ict industrial chain, authorized to operate the company's first-largest shareholder, the Sino-New Communications Limited, accounting for 21.29 per cent of the shares and the company's actual controlling shareholders.
UCI, which accounts for 49% of shares, 34%, 14.5%, respectively. In the end, Sino-Since the Sino-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since-Since, the company ultimately relies on the State Finance Committee of the State Council to form an overall “state-owned, authorized-run” equity structure.
On October 13, 2020, the company released the Management Holdings Scheme Management scheme, which awarded stocks of 1,14,766,000 (at a price of $1.00) to members of the company’s core management team, with a total planned share of 45.45%. The company values the core management team, and binds core members through management holding shares.
Full mobilization of talent and establishment and improvement of benefit-sharing and risk-sharing mechanisms among shareholders, companies and employees. 1.32021 is a beautiful collector, with two continuing setbacks and a temporary drop in performance.
In the wake of the embargo, the US Department of Commerce, in coordination with the two governments, issued a temporary licence to Naking to ensure that China’s communications could normally be procured for US components and software. On April 16, 2018, the US Department of Commerce ordered that China’s telecommunications manufacturers be denied the export privileges of China’s communications.
American companies are prohibited from exporting telecommunication parts and components to Central Hing for a period of seven years. After two incidents, the company’s normal operations were suspended until July 12, 2018, when the United States Department of Commerce stated that the United States had signed an agreement with China Hing to lift the ban on United States suppliers from doing business with China Hing for nearly three months.
China will be able to resume operations, and the ban will be lifted after China’s payment of an additional $400 million in suspended civil fines to the US bank accounts. The compliance system is gradually improving.
In addition, the communications are heavily black-listed for customers, freight forwarders, visitors, and employees, as well as detailed due diligence for potential partners; and a compliance management committee is established to ensure that the compliance committee is in place.
Full and effective implementation of export control compliance plans: compliance will be based on export control laws and regulations and compliance manuals