With the accelerated growth of the pipeline and the prospect of capital operating space for beneficiary countries, on 29 December 2021, the major supplier of the military air and electricity system is expected to enter the accelerated growth phase of 1455: the defence and the army.
The medium- and long-term objectives of construction require the basic modernization of national defence and the army by 2035, the complete transformation of the People's Army into a world-class army by mid-century, and the creation of a long-term space for the military industry; the 19th plenary session of the 5th session set out for the first time the goal of a 100-year military build-up in 2027.
The period will be a critical one for achieving this goal, and the new types of equipment, represented by new air equipment, are expected to accelerate their installation and upgrading. The company is the main supplier of our military aviation electronics system, which will grow considerably at first, and the company is expected to grow at an accelerated pace.
Replenishment of the eight wholly-owned subsidiaries to facilitate their better completion of their “145” production tasks, to seize the opportunities and needs of aviation defence, civil aviation and aviation technology applications in advanced manufacturing, to enhance their operational capacity and development, and to compensate for the company's efforts
Helping companies to better cope with the booming demand down the 14th. The creation of a capital operating space is expected to accelerate reforms in beneficiary countries: companies are a platform for professional integration and industrial development of the off-board electricity system, which has recently been promoting reforms, as proposed.
A combination of core employee holdings, the introduction of strategic investors, the former stock build-up and the build-up of State-owned exclusive capital was introduced to the holding company, Kesten Electronic. As of the date on which the o3 company had achieved hosting revenue of approximately $37.64 million, the trustees were assumed to be profitable.
The trust agreement calculates a total revenue of approximately $18.8 billion for the trust unit, 2021q1-q3. The company's capital reserves, operating space, are expected to benefit future companies as the reform of state companies accelerates.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board