The short-term rate of growth is slowing, and the target of the commercial van is clearly defined by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company published three-quarter reports in 2018, which together generated operating income of $11.18 billion, or yoy+6 per cent, in the first three quarters; realized a net profit of $6.0 billion, or yoy+30.4 per cent, in the third quarter, $35.92 billion, or voy-8.5 per cent, and achieved a net profit of $1.61 billion, or voy-17.6 per cent, in the third quarter.
In the second half of the year, overall vehicle and spare parts sales slowed down with the industry, and the future momentum will be underpinned by integration. In the 2018 q3 heavy card industry, overall sales fell by 21% on a year-on-year basis, and corporate products such as whole cars, forklifts, parts, etc. showed a higher level of decline than industry.
The company’s warehouse forklift block revenue ratio is over 40%, maintaining steady growth, and the trend in the heavy-card sector to self-engine the mainframe plant has had an impact on the plate’s revenue, in addition to the industry’s lower demand. The future will be accompanied by an upgrading of China’s heavy gas and wood power with a national mark of emissions, with some integration in the total power component.
The financial indicators of the company's heavy-card engine are stable and operating patterns are short-term or low-pressure. The Māori rate of the company for the third quarter is 21.3 per cent, a decrease of 1.3 percentage points from the same period, mainly due to higher production costs due to higher prices of raw materials.
The asset structure was somewhat improved by 2.2 percentage points lower than in the previous year. In addition, the advance payments were higher than at the beginning of the period, the entire chain of commercial vehicles was clearly targeted, and resistance to cycle disturbances was strong. The company, based on the chain of heavy cards, had made steady purchases of Bodouan, Lindh hydraulic pressure, Kaiju, Dematic over the last 10 years, completing hydraulic pressure.
Industrial chain layouts like systems, smart storage logistics, and so on, after 2017, strategic entry to the United States psi, new fuel cell energy plate for commercial vehicles.
Long, planning for a double-drive of a heavy card to turn into a technology route. For other commercial mainframes in the country, the company is now changing, and external integration provides endogenous power. The overall platform advantage of a commercial vehicle, especially a heavy-car chain, is more evident, with a multiplicity of expansionary symbiosis.
(208-08-29) The ability of the plate to move down in a cyclical manner is also more prominent, and Noone will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.