Quarterly reports for Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) 2025
1) Movement: Total ask of 25q3 Spring and Ask of +14.1% of the year, with domestic/international/regional ask 3) guest rate: 25q3 Spring and Autumn combined/domestic/international/regional line passenger rate, respectively, has completed the plan for the introduction of aircraft for the entire year, as previously reported.
The far lower fares were significant, and the cost side benefited from a drop in oil prices. Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) reported a revenue of 0.381 in mid-2025, compared to 7.1 per cent in the same year; the industry fared down considerably.
Assessment: Short-term tax shields affect profit growth, with medium- and long-term view of Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) reporting in 2024 and 3.2 per cent; benefit from lower average prices for the industry, with a recovery in the utilization of the company fleet and fixed companies
Quarterly review in 2025: The resilience of fares is highlighted, costs are effectively spread and unit costs are reduced. Cost is expected to improve profit margins optimally
Supply-demand relationships are expected to improve, leading to a return in fare elasticity of performance. Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) is expected to warm back in the fourth quarter of 2024, while fuel sinks are good, and the performance of the Division may improve significantly.
Review: Business continues to be good and cost-control capabilities have highlighted the belief that future supply contractions in the industry are still more certain, that there is limited scope for upgrading, and that continued improvements in supply and demand are expected to lead to higher fares and aeroscopic recovery. Companies are more resilient than industry.
At the same time, it is expected that the cost side will further reduce the efficiency gains from the continued recovery in the rate of use of the profit Sindh Securities Company Ltd., which may benefit from the elasticity of performance resulting from the return in fares.
I mean, it's just that, um, it's just that, um, it's like, you know, it's like, it's like, you know, it's like, it's like, you know, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, like, it's like, like, it's like, like, it's like, like, it's like, it's like, like, it's like, like, it's like, like, it's like, it's like, like, it's like, like, it's like, like, like, like, like, it's like, like, it's like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, it's like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, it's, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, it's, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like,
High elasticity, low-season business resilience, continued improvement in profitability and business performance, and maintenance of public risk factors: less than expected demand for travel, less than expected demand for international routes and a significant increase in oil prices \triangleright
The major transport areas, such as shipping, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, which have been part of the external evaluation submitted by several provinces, have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical observations or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CSRC. This report has been prepared and published by the Sinda Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.