\triangleright and Māori rates have fallen in the same proportion, mainly in the case of the company ' s passenger kilometre returns, and in the case of the revenue end q3 industry prices.
The increase in the guest rate was not significant in the event of a drop in unit costs less than the price reduction, which led to a decline in the Māori rate, and a decline in profits on a year-on-year basis as a result of an increase in the volume increase in earnings less than a decrease in profit margins. 25q3 operations increased by 14% on the same basis, with the overall occupancy rate equal to that of 24q3.
\triangleright \triangleright increased its capacity mainly to international routes, 25% to the international port of Australasia, 25q3, with a passenger rate of 89.3%, and 0.9pt, with a basic balance of supply and demand after the international flight; domestic routes increased their capacity.
The fall in oil prices and the recovery of aircraft utilization led to a decrease in unit costs, but the passenger-kmart rate of return was subject to pressure.
The profit margin has fallen the same year. The company's Māori ratio of 25q3 is 23.8%, corresponding to 1.9 pcts, the unit cost is the same as the cost of Chang , the oil price is the same as 11%, and we measure the unit fuel cost of the company - 11%; 2) the aircraft utilization rate is raised
Reduction in the unit non-oil cost of the elevator: we measure the unit non-oil cost of 25q3 at the same rate-0.9 per cent, although the increase in the international transport capacity has been accompanied by upward pressure on the start-up cost and the cost of engines and maintenance, the increase in aircraft utilization has led to a decrease in the unit non-oil cost (25h1 fleet utilization compared to the same period in 2019).
Assessment: The utilization rate has recovered steadily, with medium-term dividends and buy-backs of the Uplifting Unit The increase in the guest rate has contributed less to the benefit of the kilometre.
Due to the pressure on domestic air fares during the summer season and the decline in Japanese line prices, the company’s passenger kilometre earnings are phased in \triangleright, looking for a recovery in the revenue end price. The company’s kilometre earnings are subject to the prices of the domestic and Japanese routes during the summer season.
One quarter of the year, 025, reports: prices are resilient, red-rate ratios have dropped, and the air stewards show the same ratio of domestic fares for 25q3 to 3.9%. We believe that the industry has reduced prices to raise the passenger rate to a more extreme level, and it is hoped that the company’s earnings from the distance of the company’s passengers will come out of the lower position.
There is still room for a recovery in fleet utilization, a net increase in the build-up of the fleet, and a continued expansion of the traffic to see a recovery in the prices of domestic air fares during the first three quarters. Investment proposal: We look forward to improved supply and demand in the industry, a recovery in prices and a recovery in the prices of companies, and a deepening of the prices of companies in the medium- and long-term air network.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.