002230.sz is the beginning of a new cycle of artificial intelligence in 23 years.
The company has gone through five waves of restock prices, from voice taps to the ai+ track. The company has gone through three stages of technology exploration from 2008 to 2014, when voice taps gradually applied the ai technology to education, medical care, intelligent cities, consumers, cars.
S098051903002 The company benefits from the valuation premium from the core technological leadership, while 13 years of moving into equity are expected to bring the company into the year, and the i policy supports the fast expansion of the company ' s ai+ track revenues; 4) 21 years, teaching
Promulgation of a two-way reduction policy, which promotes more development in corporate education throughout the country; 5) 23 years to date,chatgpt has led a wave of cognitive intelligence, while 23 years of corporate business reversals have been established.chatgpt has led a new wave of i cognitive intelligence.
Capable, cognitive intelligence, the rise of chhatgpt effectively drives the development of cognitive intelligence (chatgpt is one of the models of natural linguistic processing, and natural language processing is one of the domains of cognitive intelligence).
In January of this year, more than 100 million people were active each month, a significant increase from 57 million in December last year, and over two to three months more than a billion. The future chhatgpt is expected to play an important role in such areas as writing, virtual reality, mobile Internet, and parenting.
The company's 23-year history is back on track, and its cognitive intelligence has led to a complete upgrading of its operations. It's been under pressure for 22 years by the epidemic, with both collection and performance, and 23 years with the gradual bidding of major projects and the slow financial situation of the government, the company's operations are expected to rise back, and the company's internal controls are managed through zero-base budgets and projects.
Digital management, diversity of test indicators, etc., is expected to fully release the management dividend.
In the future, the company is expected to break through the “Scientific News Flight” (002230.sz) - the “5+2” model of after-school services.
The barrier to cognitive intelligence and the ability to fully downstream every track and thus continue to enjoy technological leadership has led to the rapid growth of science and technology flights (002230.sz) and the growth of education operations, as well as the three-quarter review of science and technology flights - 002230-2021: double recovery and profit margins.
Phase risk; education policy risk; cognitive intelligence technology less advanced than expected; industry competition increases the risk.
The company ' s current development has gone through three phases: the technology exploration phase, the AI 1.0 strategic development phase, and the AI 2.0 strategic development phase. Specifically: 1) the company was established in 1999 as a technology exploration period.
Research and development focused on voice technology, with 73.4 per cent of the total in 2000-2006, according to Sadie's consultant. The company's main products and operations at the time consisted mainly of voice support software, voice industry applications and systems, and information engineering and maintenance operations, with voice support software and industry applications.
At the technology exploration stage, one company is increasing its technological accumulation and achieving good results in various speech synthesis and recognition of technology contests in the country; two companies have higher R & D inputs, typically driven by R & D, as a share of income, in 2008-2014.
The scale effect of high levels of R & D inputs is gradually emerging, and the M & A rates for 2008 - 2014 are divided into three main tasks, which focus on the strengthening of core technologies, rapid income growth and high user-size growth, and continue to explore the location of ai in different contexts. 1 At the core technical level, corporate language
Global leadership in sound synthesis and recognition, cognitive intelligence; machine reading understanding and Xiaoqiao medical assistant performance Excellent: 2 In terms of rapid income growth, companies have been successful in exploring the ai+ landscape, education, open platforms, smart passenger service, smart cars, smart cities, consumer goods, medical treatment, political law, etc.
11, 25.7, 51.8, 920,000 people, 171 in 2018 and ecoecology 3) companies have been developing artificial intelligence at 2.0 stages from 2019 to the present. The company moves into the harvest period of its core business on the basis of the AI 1.0 strategy and pursues per capita benefits.
At the core technological level, the company is the only national priority laboratory for cognitive intelligence, and the technology is moving forward, with many technologies leading the way around the globe and falling down in different scenarios;2 based on 1.0.
The different scenarios of the strategy have broken out, and companies have been improving their performance at this stage, reaching the harvest of the ai+ scene, 5.3 per cent; and in the relevant areas, companies have become the leaders of the industry, such as the Ministry of Education in the ai+ education sector, which has a branding effect throughout the country and has become leaders in the education sector.
In the field of smart medicine, the company has been growing rapidly in recent years and is expected to be listed independently in the future.
The indicators are different for companies at different stages of development. During the period from 08 to 14 the company was mainly a technology exploration period, with no higher levels, typical R & D drivers, during which the net and net interest rate levels of the company were maintained at 1.0 strategies of artificial intelligence over the years, exploring the location of the technology in different scenarios, and pursuing rapid income selection.
Long-term, gradual decline in areas such as education, health care, smart cities, open platforms, consumer electronics, and the adoption of the Artificial Intelligence 2.0 strategy by companies for 19 years to date, and the pursuit of a better level of business efficiency and more sophisticated governance based on the 1.0 strategy, with per capita income generation and per capita income and per capita income generation recovering from previous years.
The company follows the "ai+track" development strategy, the profits are rising steadily, and the company follows the "ai+" development strategy, moving from gradual exploration to gradual harvesting. From an artificial intelligence strategy 1.0, the company can begin to explore the location of the ai technology in different contexts, for example in the field of education, through manual labor.
The development of smart technology, the introduction of the city-based pilot project, has led to significant improvements in the efficiency of students' learning, such as the company's presence in the field of health care, the ability of a person to provide rural and lower-level medical care through the help of a medical assistant, and the improvement of diagnostic accuracy, such as the company's layout in the field of smart driving and the expansion of speech recognition.
The company's business performance has grown steadily since the ai+ track entered the harvest period. The company's explorations in previous years have basically led to a business model that is largely accessible to business scenes, starting with the artificial intelligence 2.0 strategy.
The efficiency of the business has been gradually rising and the level of income has steadily and rapidly increased, with revenues of $18.3 billion in 21 years, an increase of 40.6 per cent in the same year, and net returns to mothers of $1.56 billion, an increase of 14.3 per cent in the same year. From the 2020-2021 financial statements, we can see that the quality of the company ' s profits has gradually increased and that government subsidies in the non-recurring gains and losses account for the net returns to mothers.
The company is based on the one platform, with multiple layouts in each track. The company’s current ai+ track model is largely in the harvest period, with the company focusing on areas such as education, health, ai platform, consumption, cars, and passengers.
In the case of uniforms, smart cities, political laws, etc., and in some areas of breakdown, such as education, which has become a national leader, consumer products, and scarce suppliers in the field of smart cars.
Educational services include teaching, learning, testing, managing, etc. in multiple dimensions: 1) teaching, with two main lines of practice, one being an intelligent classroom in which both of them are the subjects of the operation, and the other being a high-level line of practice in which foreign research is the subject of the operation; 2) learning, with Anhui as the main subject of the operation and the operation of the network of intellectuals and personalized learning manuals; 3) testing, with Flying enlightenment and easy to hear as the subjects of the operation, providing English language examination systems throughout the country.
Service: 4) Management, which provides school management with classes, educational management, etc., etc.it systems. Smart medical operations include, among others, the creation of the Smart Network Medical Platform, the Smart Medical Assistant, the Smart Hospital Information System, which is now being promoted more frequently by the Smart Medical Assistant. On the one hand, it is al+ Health.
By 2021, the Open Platform had opened 449 ai capabilities and programmes to the public, bringing together 2.93 million developers. In 2021, the Open Platform 2.0 strategy was officially launched, which brought together the leaders of the industry to build a baseline base for the industry, opening the scene to bring together developers ' ideas and increase the effectiveness of low- and zero-code approaches.
So far, there is a wealthier group of products. For example, a fly-to-fly translator, a fly-to-fly smart office, a sound-to-speech service, a fly-to-speech recorder, a message-to-speech machine, a call-to-speech pen, a call-to-speech voice mouse, a call-to-speech smart keyboard, a call-to-fly method, a fly-to-fly television assistant, a sound-to-speech, a message-to-speech document, a fly-to-fly document.
The company has now targeted a number of models. It provides smart voice-interactive solutions, smart cockpits, and smart sound. For 22 years, the company has also placed products like al+ car-borne smart area controllers, smart sound, and so forth.
Integration of artificial intelligence technology, industry experience and multi-industry data accumulation, building of process-wide, full-channel smart customer service solutions, science, higher education, humanized smart services and business management systems to help enterprises expand service delivery models, save service costs, improve management efficiency and provide customer satisfaction.
In the company’s revenue structure, education, development platforms and consumer business, smart cities, and operators have grown faster in recent years. In the company’s many lanes: 1) education business has increased from 1.02 billion in 2016, and education, smart cities, open platforms, and consumer business have contributed more than Māori in terms of revenue and Māori contributions.
The higher percentage of income (about 30%) in the company's business, and the higher Māori rate, which remains at about 50%, makes the Māori contribution higher, the company's smart city business is larger than the company's information engineering integrated business is larger but lower, and digital government and smart law revenue is lower.
Small size but high Māori rate; Opener Platforms and Consumer Business, with 26 per cent income in 21 years, 31 per cent Māori contribution, 19 per cent Māori contribution (several size, but 21 per cent Māori, small income for mobile Internet products and smart hardware products, but higher Māori).
The company was listed in 2008 and has experienced several major rounds of growth from the beginning of the market to the present, with the overall lead in core technology, policy support, and the fall of the site as the main driver of stock prices:
Another wave of value premiums from technology is the 13-year-old Chinese mobile equity company, which is expected to create a flow entrance to smart voice, with an overall maximum increase of more than 10 times. 1) The company was listed in 2008 and basically maintained its leading position in the field of voice recognition and speech synthesis in the country, a phase that is typical of the company.
Māori rates and net interest rates are higher for R&D-driven companies (over 50 per cent and net interest rates at 20-30 per cent), companies enjoy higher valuation premiums, markets have more applications for future voice technology, shareholders, mobile sharps help companies reach large numbers of c-end users, and markets for companies as voice portals.
At this stage, while enjoying the value of the valuation premium offered by the technology, the company has a firm grasp of the value of the voice portal, and the company has the logic of the expansion of the valuation. At the policy level, the warm wind blows, and the State Department issues a new generation of artificial intelligence programs to raise artificial intelligence.
In November of the same year, the Ministry of Science and Technology published a list of the first ones that carry the national voice-smart platform, 100 degrees, Ali, and Tents, each carrying autopilots, city brain, medical images, artificial intelligence platforms. In 2017, Anhui Province published the building of the Chinese Sound Valley, the promotion of smart voice and artificial intelligence.
On the track, the company, with its business model running through previous years, has grown by 47.4% over 18 years, at a rate of 42%. The profits have continued to rise, and the maximum increase has nearly doubled.
The company's previous projects in various municipalities for the teaching of materials have worked well, and the education track has been constantly tested for rapid income growth, making the company a leader in the field of education.
In 2023, the company's business reversal trend was established, while Chatgpt brought artificial intelligence, especially cognitive intelligence, back into the focus of the market. The company was affected by the epidemic in 22 years.
Income and profit levels fluctuated, the epidemic ended in 2023, and corporate business reversal trends were established.chatgpt artificial intelligence breakthroughs opened up the market’s imagination of artificial intelligence technologies, representing a breakthrough in cognitive intelligence, and the US share of buzdeeds tripled in two days, adding large players, both within and outside the country.
Powerful input, the only national priority laboratory for cognitive intelligence, is the Cognitive Smart National Team, enjoying a higher chatgpt to lead a new wave of cognitive intelligence, the stage of artificial intelligence development.
Artificial intelligence development is divided mainly into computing intelligence, sensory intelligence, and cognitive intelligence. The Microsoft Asia Institute is low to high.
Memory storage, which is the advantage of computers at this stage. In 1996, ibm's dark blue computer beats the chess champion Kasparov. 2) Sensitivity, i.e. visual, hearing, tactile and so on, makes machines more sensitive than humans, starting with machines that can be active.
Perceptions are not good for humans, and second, as technology develops, it can sense the world in combination with a variety of sensors. At this stage, typical technologies such as speech recognition and synthesis, image recognition, ocr, etc., have been applied in a number of scenarios. 3) Cognitive intelligence, which means making machines human.
It's the same type of “understanding and thinking”, with the ability to understand, to summarize, to reason, to apply knowledge, and at this stage with the intelligence of cognitive intelligence, with typical techniques of semantic understanding (natural language processing), knowledge modelling (knowledge mapping and accumulation of knowledge), and cross-moderative cognitive understanding (also understanding of text, images, sound).
Chatgpt is a huge advance in cognitive intelligence.chatgpt is a model of a person that interacts with user autonomy.chatgpt is an open source of open-source development.
Natural language processing (nlp) models to achieve dialogue generation and language model predictions. Chatgpt model based on gpt-3 (generativepretrainedtransformer3) models with language understanding and text generation capabilities. Chhatgpt models can be used to achieve chat robots, smart assistants, auxiliary translators, etc.
The technical model's chat robot, the trainer ranks and evaluates the way the early version of the Quest is answered by the Quest, and then feeds this information back into the system, where the system adjusts the answer to the trainee's preferences (this method is intensive learning) so that the results of the training of the final model are given a higher score.
When it reaches a higher level, it means that the model learns a better level of text or language for historical input and can be found in the application.chatgpt has received a higher level of attention. Chhatgpt, born at the end of 2022, has received a higher level of attention.
According to the figure below, the Google Global Search Index, which started fast-tracking in December 2022, and the Chatgpt Search Index, which began to climb in December 2022, regained market interest at the end of January 2023, after the January Spring Festival.
Chatgpt is well received by its users, and the number of users is growing rapidly. The first million people who are currently receiving Microsoft support is now a huge increase from 57 million in December last year, and it takes over two to three months for more than one million users. By contrast, twitter users spend five years on twitter, and tiktok spends about nine months on tiktok from the rollout to the tiktok.
Instagram from Platforms (Meta) took about two and a half years, and applestore got 100 million users for two years. In terms of the increase in the number of users, chhatgpt was very popular. Moreover, in terms of user feedback, chhatgpt was widely well received, for example, as Mask posted his own tweets.
Chatgpt uses interfaces, and users in the comment area appreciate their functionality, and some overseas students use chhatgpt to help them complete their studies. But, because of the proliferation of users, this has also led to the crash of the Chatgpt server.
nlp is a basic area of cognitive intelligence. nlp, also a natural language processing, is a study of how computers can read human languages and convert people's natural languages into readable instructions. So, by concept, nlp is a natural language-computer interface.
Chatgpt is one of the typical models of nlp.chatgpt is a pre-training model, one of the models of nlp language. Specifically,chatgpt is an open-source natural language process developed by open-source people.
(nlp) Models, which are also very common in everyday life, such as voice assistants for mobile phones, smart voice for cars, and although voice is part of language processing, the most important advance in natural language processing is its ability to analyse written texts.
An excellent new nlp model (commencing with other nlp models are Word2vec, fasttext, ulmfit, bert, etc.). gpt's iterative update is through continuous upgrading of the size and quality of the training materials and upgrading of the network
The generativepre-trainedtransformer (gpt) series is a powerful pre-training language model produced by the Openal, which can perform very complex nlp tasks such as post creation, code creation, machine translation, q&a. But such powerful functions are not instantaneous.
Instead, it has been upgraded from gpt-1, gpt-2, gpt-3 to the current chhatgpt. From the traditional nlp model to the core of gpt-1, it has been upgraded to unsupervised learning. Traditional nlp models often use large amounts of data to train supervised models in mission-related modelling, but this has a monitoring learning mandate.
There are two disadvantages: there is a need for large amounts of data to be marked, but high-quality data are often difficult to obtain; it is difficult to generalize to other tasks based on a model that has been trained by the Institute. The idea of gpt-1 is to learn an active language model from unlabeled data first and then fine-tune it according to a specific task.
Oversight tasks handled include: 1. Natural language reasoning: two sentences are judged to include relationships, conflicting relationships, or neutral relationships; 2. Questions and answers and common sense reasoning: similar to multiple questions, enter an article, one question with several candidate answers, and output as predictive probability of each answer; 3. Semantic similarities: two sentences are judged
Whether or not semantic listing is relevant; 4. Classification: to determine which category is specified for the input text. gpt-1 uses the bookscorpus data set, which contains 7,000 unpublished books. The data set is selected for two reasons: 1. Datasets have a longer context dependency that allows the model to learn longer.
The core upgrade of gpt-2 is the achievement of multitask learning and validation of the feasibility of using large data training.
Although gpt-1 has made some progress in generalizing capabilities, the results show that the generalization of unmodified supervisory tasks is still far below the fine-tuned monitoring tasks. Thus, gpt-2 aims to train a more generalized word vector model, which does not significantly upgrade the gpt-1 network.
Only more network parameters and larger data sets are used. So the learning goal for gpt-2 is to use an unsupervised pre-training model to perform a supervised task, i.e. to get an unlimited connection of near real values without pre-set values. So, based on these ideas, designers consider all supervised learning to be unsupervised.
The master learns subsets, so when the data sets are very large, a more general model is available. For example, when the model is “ducanisthe Bestpfinthenbahistory.”, it can also perform a q&a mission—"whoisthebestpenthenbahistory?" --"ducan.
The greatest contribution was to validate that the word vector model, trained through big data and a large number of parameters, was migrated to its type of task without additional training. The core upgrade of gpt-3 was to train the model itself using big data. The data set at gpt-2
On the basis of this, gpt-3 was even more insane, with 17.5 billion parameters, with a capacity of up to 45 tb, compared with the full amount of data in wikipaco, which was only 0.6 per cent of it, and gpt-3 trained five different languages, each according to the quality of the data sets, giving different values, and the higher the weight, the easier it is to smoke at the time of training.
It's true. Based on big data, gpt-3 uses large networks to train language models, which has prompted gpt-3 to raise the model parameters to 175 billion. After big data training, gpt-3 only needs zero-shot or new-shot to perform very well downstream tasks.
Seen the nlp mission, gpt-3 has also shown remarkable performance in many very difficult tasks, such as writing hard-to-identifact articles, even sql query statements, react or javascript code.chatgpt’s core upgrade is the use of enhanced learning techniques based on human feedback.chatgpt is for models.
Chatgpt uses an ethical approach to training, which, in accordance with pre-designed ethical norms, “no” questions and requests that are unwelcome;chatgpt remembers previous conversations and makes users more comfortable in the conversation;chatgpt also questions the inaccuracies of the problem, so as to resolve a person's creative words.
Compatibility. The reason why gpt-3 cannot be more humanized is that the way people ask questions is not the most natural way of understanding gpt-3. The way the big model adjusts makes "pre-training -- fine-tuning," so after pre-training the gpt model, chhatgpt uses small data from the target scene.
The training is done by fine-tuning the model to the desired performance, i.e. increasing the human demonstration of model output and sorting the results. Chatgpt's new approach to training is called “Enhanced Learning from Human Feedback”. Furthermore, the original gpt-3 training package was available only in text, but this time only.
Chatgpt completed training on a Microsoft azureai server and added code to the training set, allowing the model to learn and understand more deeply about the code itself.chatgpt built on the gpt model with manual data tagging and manual feedback learning enhancement methods.
Strong intelligence level. In 2017, Google introduced Transformer, which basically achieved a grand total of language-type models, and on the basis of which the puneai model was launched in 2018, the gpt 1/gpt2/gpt3 language model was introduced. Chhatgpt aims to improve performance by adding model parameters and training data volumes, while using manual markers.
Strengthened learning methods (rlhf) based on manual feedback to make the whole model more intelligent. Process: 1) Enable the tagging person to create the data set that corresponds to the question and answer, and eventually use the data set to train and adjust the gpt-3 model; 2) collect fine-tuned model output results and then manually and hand-to-hand the data results.
Sort preferences and eventually sort output through the Enhanced Learning Training Awards model; 3) enter other models into the first-step fine-tuning model, and the answers obtained into the second-step, enhanced learning model. Repeating the above process leads to higher scores in model production.
Chatgpt leads in the application and forward-looking (1) writing/constructing process.
Rewrite, expand, summarize; second, non-constructive writings, such as serious news, scientific books, etc., one can be complementary, enabling the quality and efficiency of writing to be improved in all its aspects; third, fictional writings, such as online reviews, book reviews, book digests, commodity evaluations, even music reviews, film reviews, etc., one can provide the creators with a whole new identity.
The perspective, and even more "neutral and objective" evaluation; fourth, code programming, since chhatgpt has added an understanding of the code to the focus of training, can greatly assist in the development of the code; fifth, the creation of related downstream industries, such as media, self-media, publishing, games, design, etc., one can help.
To help it reduce costs and improve its quality efficiency, it brings a powerful and real game npc, more interesting books/films. (2) Virtual reality.
Research-reverse alignment can create a virtual world, which will also be enriched by the creativity of one. (3) Mobile Internet. As chhatgpt continues to evolve, it can be built around it as the bottom structure.
To create hardware ecology and thus make mobile phones a real “mobile assistant” and, once the user is used to the application model, (4) educational training. Educational training is one of the most exciting applications of the current chhatgpt, and a number of users are already using them for academic work such as homework and dissertations.
In addition to the above-mentioned application scenario,chatgpt is used in smart customer service, education, medical care, search engines, etc.
The international giants, both domestic and foreign, have stepped up their deployment. Given the vast application landscape of Chatgpt, the international giants are taking the lead.
With 17.5 billion models, there is a high demand for arithmetic, with Microsoft providing arithmetic support to the openai in 2016, and a further $1 billion in 2021 and a new multi-year, multi-billion-dollar investment with the openai in 2023. By investing in the openai, Microsoft will integrate thechatgpt.
In the products under the flag, for example, the combination with the bining search, and the office package, the ability to add value to each product through the Chatgpt grant, thus laying the foundation for a subsequent increase in the value of the individual user's arpu. Google introduces the bald chat robot against the tagchatgpt. Because chhatgpt can directly search the image.
Together with the answer to the question the user wants to search, the user no longer needs to click and browse in the link to the search results, so Google, which has a higher share of the search market, has also launched chat robots.
In the context of industrial trends, the country’s giants are also stepping up their layout: 1) The 100-degreechatgpt will be completed in March. The 100-degree network announces that the names of projects like the Chatgpt project have been defined as words, and that the introspection will be completed in March, and will be open to the public.
Keep up, on the one hand, because of years of sophisticated artificial intelligence, with greater technological advantages, and on the other hand because of the search in the area of Chatgpt’s current largest application, which is the 100-degree major business. 2) Ali is also expected to launch a sort of chatgpt dialogue robot.
On February 8, a news reporter learned from Ali Baba that the Ali version of chat robot chhatgpt is under development and is currently in the process of being developed) and that there is an industrial version chhatgpt, named "chatjd".
It announced that it would consolidate past industrial practices and technological accumulation, introduce the industrial version of the Chatgpt, named “chatjd”, and publish the Chatjd Landing Application Road Map “125” plan: 1) 1 platform for the Chatjd Smart Dialogue Platform, a dialogue platform for understanding and generating tasks in natural language processing, with a projected parameter of hundreds of billions of dollars
(ii) 2 areas, retail and financial; 3) 5 applications, including content generation, human conversation, understanding with household intent, information extraction, emotional classification. 4) The Chinese version of chhatgpt is being developed and published as a product of a direct landing.
It was set for May 6th, and it was published in Beijing at 2023-02-0714:08.
Our big model new project, called erniebot, is applied. It's on the model level. It's 2.100 degrees deep-deep in artificial intelligence for decades. It has industrial-level knowledge that enhances urie.
Intramodel, inter-linguistic deep semantic understanding and capacity. 23 years of corporate bottom-up, comprehensive cognitive intelligence promotion business.
During the year, due to the impact of the epidemic, the company delayed the bidding of more than 3 billion project contracts throughout the country, but the projects were not lost and the total amount of the extension exceeded 3 billion; (b) the development of new products, autonomous and national product adapted, invested 800 million more; and (c) the gains and losses on fair value changes, such as three-way investments, cold martial arts and commercial soup, were higher than during the same period last year.
590 million less. (In the graphs, income and profits are projected.) In particular: 1) Large projects are under strain on local financial resources due to the impact of the epidemic due to the need for government financial support, while the Congress was held during the year and the larger projects were more affected, of which about 60 per cent were in the education category.
Thus, about 40 per cent of the projects are medical and smart cities, etc.; 2) new products are being developed to enrich the self-contained product matrix, such as those for educational sports and those for in-school production: 3) autonomous aspects of control, as companies were relisted as entities in October 22nd year.
Training and reasoning related to the ai on national production platforms has become critical, with companies investing more in this area; and 4) equity investments held by companies are measured at fair value (mainly in cold discipline, triads, trade soup) and subject to a weaker capital market in 22 years, so that fair value changes have a greater impact on the gains and losses of the same period.
There are four reasons for this: 1) the macro level, the impact of the epidemic has been lifted and the local fiscal situation is expected to be alleviated; 2) at the operational level, the 22-year extension of company orders has not been lost, education and medical operations in the area of human life are expected to be sustained throughout the country, particularly in the area of education, where companies have grown into leading enterprises in this field; 3)
The release of the corporate management dividend in 23 years is a matter of concern. First, the company's growth has been relatively slow, with a “zero-based budget” of 90 per cent of its staff performing 100 per cent of its work internally, while the remaining 10 per cent do not have a large annual recruitment plan.
23 years of per capita income generation and per capita income generation will increase considerably; and secondly, the income structure will continue to improve, with a gradual shift from a project-based fee model to an operating and stream-based charge model and an effective improvement in cash flow, with companies moving the profit-making model towards a business-like ratio expected for 22 years after the expiration of large projects previously undertaken by the company.
The company is a team of cognitive intelligence countries, standing at the start of a new cycle of artificial intelligence, and the company is at the start of a new cycle of artificial intelligence.
The technology core leads, the landscape (segregated into scene exploration and scene harvesting) and the corporate technology lead, the core voice technology is a strong national leader, and the technology dividend is more pronounced than in other large plants, and as the technology subsides, companies begin to explore the site of the ai technology.
Now, with the breakthroughs in the natural language treatment technology represented bychatgpt, the high-level manifestations of the i-technology recognition, the re-emerging interest in the market, the company, as a key laboratory provider for cognitive intelligence countries, is expected to achieve technological breakthroughs in the area of cognitive intelligence, further expand the technological competitive advantage of other manufacturers, and
Corporate R & D inputs have been maintained at high water levels. Corporate R & D investments have been relatively high in history, at more than 15%, R & D is the foundation of a technology-based company, and companies have been at the forefront.
The company built the only national cognitive intelligence-focused laboratory. The company's artificial intelligence technology is divided mainly into intelligence, intelligence and cognitive intelligence, intelligence recognition, speech synthesis and recognition, image recognition, cognitive intelligence, etc.
The combination of semantic understanding, common-sense reasoning, knowledge mapping, reading understanding, etc., combines the functions of voice interaction, intellectual evaluation, oral translation, etc. The company’s intellectual assistant robots have passed the national medical qualification test for the first time in 17 years, with more than 96.3% of human candidates; the machine read and understood the world in 19
For the first time, the first virtual human interactive platform was launched in 21 years, with deep participation in the Department of Science and Technology's “Nbrain” year, which was recognized as the national voice artificial intelligence laboratory, and then became the national cognitive intelligence laboratory. The company has developed a series of Chinese pre-enactments for six broad categories of cognitive intelligence, with more than 40 generic fields.
The training language model became the most widely disseminated Chinese pre-training model in the industry. Figure 29: The company ' s milestone in artificial intelligence development officially launched a tele-intelligence project in 2014 to develop cognitive intelligence systems based on the network of human-type neurons.
Plan 2030, which is divided into three phases: phase I (2022-2023), where the company will launch a flexible and hardware-based robot, such as a pet toy, a simulator, and a professional digital virtual family, acting as a teacher, doctor, etc., during the same period; phase II (2023-2025), where the company will launch its own.
The walking exoskeletal robots and the accompanying digital virtual family, where the elderly are able to walk and move normally through the exoskeletal robots, have been launched during the same period, with a depression screening platform for young people; phase III (2025-2030), with the ultimate introduction of a knowledge-informed, learning-associated robot and self-learning virtual family, with full access to the family.
By the end of 2021, the artificial intelligence open platform had continued to provide a wealth of proi capabilities in the areas of multilingual speech synthesis, multilingual speech recognition, natural language processing, graphic recognition, human machine interaction, helping developers to reduce the development cycle and costs, and the teleport open platform was out there.
Open 449 ai capabilities and programmes, bringing together 2.93 million developers, with a focus on 18 industry areas such as finance, agriculture, and energy. The Corporate Development Platform launched the Open Platform 2.0 Strategy in 21 years, which brings together industry leaders to build a baseline base for the industry.
Figure 30: The Science-based High-Intelligents 2030 project, one deep-enhanced track, one-enhanced education business.
• Rapid growth in income from education operations and progressive expansion of business coverage. From the business layout, corporate education operations cover teaching (intellectual courses of practice), learning (intellectual courses of practice), quiz (intellectual studies of business lines), tubes (intelligent schools of business lines) and general educative lines of practice, in particular (1) intelligence courses are mainly in intelligent classrooms.
Construction, including the entire cloud-top architecture, the cloud-end data collation and collection, and the structured recording, and the continuous operation of education at the classroom control centre, the end of which is data collection and teacher-student interaction, mainly on the whiteboard and pad; and (ii) the intellectual line of operations, mainly the operation of a personalized learning manual, which provides an introduction to the curriculum.
The construction of the knowledge map allows students to have a humanized learning path, 3) an intellectual examination line, mainly a needle-to-mouth examination, gbc connection, a platform for oral examinations for local municipalities, a language training department for schools, and an app for a verbal training course for students; 4) an intellectual school line of practice, mainly in the light of the trend of new examinations.
Management software and platforms for schools to match intelligent campuses: 5) Based on learning solutions, mainly to the entire city and district governments, integrated planning of regional educational solutions through top-down approaches, which include almost all of the above-mentioned products and operations, integrated for students in the region
Education has grown rapidly, becoming one of the company’s core businesses. The company’s income from its education business has been largely running since 2016, especially since the branding effect of the company has been established over the years and has become a leader in education in the country.
The company’s education business is more competitive, growing from b to c. The company’s educational business is already at the forefront, and the current competitive advantage is mainly in the form of four points: 1) integrated competitive advantages, mainly in terms of product and business integrity, from software to hardware, and from the specific business involved (teaching, learning, etc.).
(a) Large projects across the region, where firms have competitive advantages; (b) competitive advantages in operating services, where firms typically have specialized operators to help teachers and students, so the quality of operating services is one of the important determinants of the usefulness of products and services; and (c) competitive advantages in channels, where firms have large projects, and stability.
The policy of channels and the mature manner in which they are maintained are the advantages of the company ' s educational projects: 4) the advantages of the national reputation, which is reflected mainly in its position in the government, schools, students and parents and channels of commerce, are now being extended from the pilot phase to the stage of maturity of the company ' s educational operations.
Corporate education is moving from the g end and the b end to the c end and growing space. The c end of corporate education is mainly in personalized learning manuals and English-language news, and it's based on a fee per student per year.
The number of schools covered by the company ' s books has reached more than 1400, 12 municipalities have been added to the oral business for 22 years, and 2 municipalities have advanced examinations. There is a greater room for future growth, assuming that the books pay $300 per subject for each school term, based on the approximate number of students currently in the first three and the senior three, and
In the first three years, 300 yuan/years is paid for oral training per student, 58 billion yuan/year is spent in the company’s c-books, and 14.5 billion/year is known to be spoken. The development of cognitive intelligence technology is expected to further enhance the intelligence of the company’s educational business.
The combination of educational scenes has shown competitiveness in a number of educational products and operations, and the future of cognitive and intellectual excellence is expected to lead to further qualitative improvements in the educational products of companies: (a) In the field of research, the ability of companies to develop artificial intelligence technologies is now largely reflected in the ability to make changes in objective subjects, in terms of subject matter.
The ability to modify and review is not enough, for example, for writing, to judge the error of a general word, but not enough for the certainty of the full text, the appreciation of a beautiful American expression, the development of natural language processing in cognitive intelligence, which makes this possible; and (2) a personalized learning manual, which answers mainly on the basis of a student's history.
Building up their respective knowledge profiles, identifying areas of knowledge blindness, making the final refresher stage more relevant, recognizing that intellectual skills will improve the functionality of the knowledge profiles, and that the control of students' learning will be more precise; 3) learning machines, the current learning machines for communication with user students and the application level
Not very intelligent, but with future cognitive intelligence, applications like virtual human conversation, smart education, games, voice interaction will allow products with cognitive intelligence to spread the gap between intelligence and other competitions; 4) knowledge reasoning, etc., is now part of the larger project to teach the region through materialism.
It is not yet perfect, and the level of intelligence of the larger projects in general and the progress of the Bureau in learning students across the region will be better understood as a result of future improvements in cognitive skills.
Cognitive intelligence raises the level of intelligence available in education, i.e., an enabling medical service, and the company’s revenues in the health sector are expected to grow rapidly.
At the village and township levels, a system of assisted consultations is provided for general practitioners of family medicine in the form of a combination of pad plus systems. The company increased its income from 180 million yuan in 2019 to 340 million yuan in 2021 and is expected to accelerate its development in the future.
(c) Future medical care is expected to be on the market independently and is now expected to be supported by the company in terms of channel resources, while at the same time, in terms of product patterns, the company is expected to combine the ai technology.
The development of cognitive intelligence is expected to enhance the intellectual ability of medical products.
2) In the field of medical quality control, effective control will be exercised over the health care system; 3) at the level of the auxiliary diagnostics, improved access will be established based on machine learning and reading understanding, and in-depth learning of medical cases and knowledge to improve the diagnostic effect of medical platforms on the disease, with greater empowerment of primary physicians; 4) at the level of the knowledge base.
The company's vehicle-borne business is steadily moving forward, and the product layout is becoming more abundant. The company's vehicle-borne business has been in place for several years.
After becoming more mature, the company's main product in previous years was the in-car voice package and the flying fish smart module 0s, and has now made progress on smart cabin controllers, smart sound and intelligent driving-related products, providing solutions for the integration of hardware and software on-board vehicles, with a gradual increase in the value of the bicycles: 1) smart seats
(b) Smart sound, which is widely applied in new energy vehicles and is less noise in new ones than in fuel vehicles, so that the improvement of sound results helps to enhance the experience of motorists; and (c) intelligent driving of related products, which is currently the company's business.
With $450 million a year, future growth will be driven by: 1) the progressive deployment of new product lines for companies, with increased vehicle value; 2) cooperation with a growing number of domestic car companies; 3) externalization and international vehicle ventures abroad to provide them with a wealth of products and services.
Cognitive intelligence is expected to further enhance the drive experience. The company's cognitive intelligence technology has been in use for several years, and future applications in this area are also to be expected: 1) in terms of voice interaction, experience is better, the system has a better understanding of human semantics; 2) flying fishos systems are more intelligent, and the entire cockpit is more intelligent.
The company is now mainly a customer service system for operators and financial customers.
This includes the i platform, the knowledge hub, the hotline voice robot, the online customer service robot, the smart customer contact center, the smart call robot, and so on. At this stage, there are many problems with the i-saves, and cognitive intelligence is expected to gradually improve the pain.
According to China, in 2021, among the pain points used by smart customer services, the answer is one of the main pains, the constant repetition of loop operations, the failure to ask questions, the lack of understanding of needs, the delay in answering questions, etc., and the fact that most of the customer service work is manual. The main reason for these problems is that the customer service system is not yet smart, and with cognitive intelligence, it's a matter of cognitive intelligence.
These pains will be addressed gradually, and increased semantic understanding will allow the client-serving platform to understand needs, and will provide different answers to help clients solve their problems based on their emotions, etc. Figure 41: Comparison of the experience of Chinese smart passenger vs artificial passenger service vs in 2021
The hardware products of the company are rich and cover a wide range of applications. The company's smart hardware currently consists mainly of voice-smart headphones, teletranslators, smart office books, learning machines, translator pens, audio pens, intelligence.
Applications like translation, computer office, etc., are now selling their smart hardware products well, especially in the case of smart office books and recorded pen products, which have become market leaders. Corporate smart hardware business has grown from 800 million in 2019 to 1.24 billion in 2021.
The main focus of the tunnel is on online channels, which are not well-structured, and the company has been gradually increasing the layout of the underline channel in the last two years, including the construction of the flagship shop, and the combination of offline and offline channels has further expanded the coverage of the company's smart hardware products. For 23 years, it is expected that the company's translation will be sold rapidly as it moves out of the country.
A better cognitive intelligence is expected to further improve the competitiveness of the company’s products. The company’s products have been valued at higher prices within the industry, and as cognitive intelligence rises, the company’s products are expected to be completely upgraded to compete with others.
The market share is expected to rise further by widening the gap in intelligence capabilities.
The hyperbrain 2030 program also emphasizes robotics, and the robotic superb platform aibot was launched at the 22-year Developer's Festival, which, through a combination of multi-mode interactive, in-depth understanding, motion control and hardware modules, can help developers to build robotic motion capabilities quickly. In the case of robots, the Tsengjiang Wooki technology was launched.
Four-foot robots that support multiple scenes, such as outdoor inspections, chemical inspections, etc.: the U.S. Stone Robots have launched flexible robotic arms for safer interaction with people, which can be used for industrial inspections, business services, and so on. The company has also launched a robot dog, Little Black, at the exhibition.
Cognitive intelligence will be a powerful tool for robotics. Robots are generally divided into robotic brain and mechanically controlled motion capabilities, of which the mobility of Boston robots is already relatively advanced, and companies are focusing on robotic brain research, and robots are expected to become more intelligent and more knowledgeable in the future as cognitive intelligence evolves.
Good learning, evolution, the lack of future robotic market development due to the country's ageing and large population, and our projections of profitability are based on the following assumptions: Education business: in terms of educational products and services, the company's income in previous years has been growing rapidly, with 2018-2021.
As a result of the epidemic, about 60 per cent of the 30 major projects deferred throughout the year came from education, which was expected to be earned from the education income of the subsidiary Ensign Information Engineering College, which is stable.
Smart City Business: The company’s smart city business consists mainly of digital government applications, intellectual law applications, information engineering applications, and other new businesses.
Basic saturation, with no growth in corporate revenue assumed over the next two years; 3) Information engineering support operations, 22 years of epidemic Open platform and consumer operations: company open platform and consumer operations consist mainly of mobile Internet products and service operations, open platform operations, smart hardware products operations. Specifically: 1) Mobile Internet products
(b) Open platform operations, including mainly sdk ' s authorized revenue and advertising revenue, as the number of developers increases and as the revenue from advertising for the 23-year recovery progresses.
Revenues, mainly from the company’s consumption of electronics, have been gradually emerging as the economy recovers, in terms of intelligent medicine, automobiles, smart finance, operators, etc. 1) In the process of rapid growth, the company is now looking forward to the independent listing of the medical plate and the company’s orientation towards primary health care.
The agency ' s regionalization model has become operational, and growth is expected to accelerate, with more than 300 businesses now covered. The layout has grown from voice packages, flying fish 0s, to smart sound, smart seats, smart finance, mainly to provide smart customer service systems for financial institutions such as the four majors, and operations are largely stable.
Assumptions of income growth in 22-24 years range from -14 per cent to 25 per cent and 23 per cent respectively; 4) operator operations, mainly in the provision of smart passenger services, support services and remote voice control for operators; and assumptions of income growth in 22-24 years, we divide the company ' s situation over the next three years into three scenarios of optimism, neutrality, pessimism.
Taking into account the business characteristics of the company, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the sensitivity of the company's sound absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than wacc and constant growth rates, as shown in the following table.
The company’s Big Quest Camp is at the heart of the ai technology, offering solutions and solutions in a variety of applications through i+ education, ai+ medical care, ai+smart city, ai+ open platform and consumer smart hardware, ai+car. In the a-share market, companies that are exactly the same as companies do, so we choose.
In the software industry, and as a comparable company, companies with a similar position in the industry include golden mountain offices, friend networks, confidant uniforms, and permanent electronics. According to the comparable companies selected, the hub is 70 to 80 times the size of the leader in the field of the industry, and as a result of the fact that it is flying in its own industry,
Combining the above aspects, the company, as the leader in the ai field, has a deeper technical moat in the ai area, and using absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, we have combined from multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company's calculation of free cash flow over the years, calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), tv assumptions and comparability.
The selection of the company's valuation parameters has been incorporated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to a divergence in the valuation; the high annual free cash flow calculation, which has led to the risk of an optimistic valuation; and the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has had a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, which we assume in calculating the wacc.
(a) Risk-free interest rates of 2.5 per cent, risk premiums of 6.5 per cent may still be expected to remain underestimated or discounted for these parameters, resulting in low wacc calculations, leading to an overvalued company;
Large adverse changes, the company's continued growth is actually very low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation relative to valuation: we have selected the same or similar enterprises as the company's business, and we have selected comparable averages in 2023 as reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the company's leadership and growth.
The company’s revenue growth over the next three years is assumed to be based on a successful expansion of its education business, a steady growth of its open platform, a steady growth of its consumer business, and a smooth progress of its medical business.
There is a potential for higher-than-anticipated or lower-than-expected growth in revenue associated with the camp situation, while the costs of sales, management, R & D, finance, etc. of companies or the risk of over-anticipated risks The recurrent epidemic affects R & D production and project delivery:
The risk that the national expansion of the health service will fall short of expectations: The risk that the open platform will not grow as expected:
The risks of less-than-expected growth of consumer electronics channels; The risks of less-than-expected progress in cognitive intelligence technologies; Authors' assurance that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author