It's the only pure artificial intelligence company in the market, with voice intelligence at its core.
In the field of education, which benefited from interest-rate lending policies, schools accelerated the release of intellectual teaching needs; in the field of foundational education, the market for after-school services for companies is expected to go further.
In September 2022, the Special Interest Loan Policy for Education was issued, and more than $200 billion is expected to be spent in the area of equipment upgrading for higher education institutions. As of 19 October 2022, the number of interest-bearing loan-type higher education awards had reached 150.
In terms of education, the platform for after-school services (v1.0) became the first local platform for after-school services tested by the Ministry of Education. In addition to building the platform, parents also generate income from the purchase of classes through the platform, with 184 million pupils and 300 dollars per class and 20 per cent per person per semester.
The rate of choice is calculated, and the market space for after-school services is more than $20 billion. The release of intellectual learning needs in higher education institutions, adding the flow of income from after-school services platforms, has brought about a new growth point in education.
The market size of the cagr is 45.7%, and most enterprises are still in the process of exploring business models. The public medicine assistant has been used on a large scale and, as of February 2022, the “mental medicine assistant” has covered 280 districts of the country, with an average of 770,000 diagnostics per day and 170,000 annual valuable diagnostic amendments.
A 100% increase in the number of visits per day by family doctor's assistants and a business model validated. Consumer business matrix breakthroughs.
Interconnection will be faced with more unscreened input scenarios, and telephonic voice input will be the mound of traffic entry and isolation of new entrants. The evaporation competition, characterized by ani, rose rapidly to 16% in January-August 2022, ranking first.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. Risk of policy change: Client outreach is not as expected: industry patterns are not as good as expected.
Computers: Software development, a leader in commercial harbours, education technology opening up hundreds of billions of dollars of blue sea markets a rare share of artificial intelligence that is pure and pure.
Founded in 1999, the company is a leading company in the field of smart voice and artificial intelligence, whose main business consists of technology and applications such as smart voice, natural language understanding, machine learning, etc. The 2008 science majors flew to the market in deep contact and were the rare, purely artificial intelligence enterprise in a stock market. The company has a strong development strategy of “platform+track” and, in 2010, it published an open platform for artificial intelligence with smart voice and human machine interaction at its core.
Tob+toc is a two-wheel drive that has been shown in many areas, such as smart education, smart cities, smart justice, intelligence services, smart cars, smart medicine, and operators.