The stock of herds (002714) is growing steadily through the cycle, and the stock of herds is ready for development at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: operating income was 56.28 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 43.7 per cent in the same year, and net profit was 8.7 billion yuan, a change of 58.5 per cent in the same year; operating income was 14.74 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the same year, an increase in the volume of pig sales during the same period, resulting from a three-quarter loss due to low market prices for pigs, and only three quarters of the same year
The sale of raw pigs increased by 70% from the same year to an average price of $13.4 kg, a decrease of 59% from the same year, but the company managed well and remained profitable throughout the previous three quarters. • A firm adapted to the cyclical pace, with steady expansion of production capacity, will help to capture the opportunities for cyclical reversals in the future, with high science.
The company uses a self-sustaining model, which allows for rapid expansion without outsourcing of orders, and avoids the expansion of ceilings resulting from the number of good-quality farmers or professional fertilizer farms.
Research, feed processing, breeding of pigs, growing of pigs, raising of commercial pigs, breeding of pigs, production of pigs, whole industrial chain. 256,000 pigs everywhere. As of October 15, 2021, the average market price for pig production was successfully released at RMB 12/August 2015 million, of which $5.1 billion will be invested in the expansion of pig production.
In addition to this, the company will respond to the Government's call to adapt to the trend from “pigs” to “meats”, extending from farming to downstream slaughtering operations, to develop pig-producing processing operations in close proximity to large-scale farming enterprises, with 1.9 billion of the funds that can be transferred into the slaughtering project, with a projected increase in slaughtering.
To maintain and expand the cost advantage, to lead the industry, and to tap into the two main cost components of feed and labour: forage companies to produce autonomously, to reduce intermediate transaction costs, and to use the output layout.
The subsidiaries are mainly located in the main food-producing areas of the Northeast, North China and the North West, using the advantage of procurement channels to reduce transport and thereby further control the cost of feed: in the area of personnel management, companies have developed clear standardized systems to link workers' salaries to production in the field, farm-raising costs are lower than other enterprises in the industry, and future advantages will be captured.
On the other hand, the herds attach great importance to the efficiency of farming, making it clear that funding is not the only key element, and that cost control and the level of disease prevention will jointly determine the market’s competitive position. The company will improve the breeding system, ensure the survival of piglets, provide automatic recognition of the health of pighouses in an unintelligent environment.
(c) The upgrading of pighouses for efficient air filtration and independent ventilation systems to avoid cross-vealing of pigs' coils.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. As a result of the recovery of the country’s pig production capacity, the prices of pork are relatively low and rising downwards, there is a steady increase in the number of farm taps (2021-08-27) and the management of the cost advantage passes through the cycle.
2021-04-30) Shenwon shares (002714); extension of the livestock industry and steady growth of productive capacity (2021-02-05)
Assumption 2: pig-breeding plates are well under way, but the price of pig-breeding is low, and the Maori rate is subject to our selection of two mainstream companies in the pig-breeding industry, namely Winth, Tian Bong, with an average of 11 times the pe in 2020 and 9 times the average perpe in 2021. Considering the continuous improvement in the company’s operations, a stable industry leadership is far from being achieved.
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.