Shinwon shares (002714); three-quarter drops in pig prices and a long-term recovery: a three-quarter performance forecast for the company announcement, which is expected to result in net profits of $8.5 billion to $9 billion for listed shareholders in the first three quarters of 2021.
The company issued a performance forecast for the third quarter of 2021.
Company Basics (latest) RMB/kg down to about $12/kg, compared to the piglet price of the last three quarters, which is about $105/kg, for farmers.
Each head is about $300-800, the industry is largely unprofitable, and the stock of herds in the whole chain of the industry has fallen due to the low level of farming, the low willingness of the farmers to supplement the bars, and the average price of pigs in the third quarter has fallen by 25 yuan per kilogram.
There has been a significant decline in the Māori rate. According to the data published by the government, the first half of the year has remained high, and there is still a high probability that the government will open multiple rounds of storage in the future to stabilize the price of pigs, but it is unlikely that the price of pigs will be further explored.
There is no basis for a significant rebound in pig prices during the year, and farming companies are either performing or continuing to be pressured. • The advantages of the integrated industrial chain are evident, and the leaders of farming are waiting to recover. The company's initial form is a combination of feed processing, pig breeding, commodity pig production, pig-breeding.
The industry chain, the business model of “full self-sufficiency, whole chain, smartness” ensures that the links are manageable and that, in an industry-wide environment with a very low Māori rate, companies are able to maintain a Māori rate of around 30 per cent, as can be seen from the company's great advantage in farming.
This is the most difficult time for pig-breeding, and the prices are expected to rise again in the future as pig-breeding logs begin to fall, and the company will be the first to benefit. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.