Distinguished Media (002027.sz): 21 years and 22q1 performance meets expectations and the epidemic has a short-term impact on the recovery of the economy Distributed Media (002027.sz)
Incidents: A full-year performance report for 2021 and a performance report for the first quarter of 2022 was issued by the public media (0020227.sz) on 29 April 2022. 22q1 was affected by the epidemic throughout the country, with regular advertising restricted in some cities and business performance restricted.
The company’s 22q1 revenue of $2.939 billion, a decline of 18.19% from the previous year, is highly correlated with the macroeconomic climate, and 22h1 is under short-term pressure to recover from the epidemic. The macroeconomic warming in 2021 was accompanied by a similar recovery in the advertising industry as a whole.
As a result of the base and the second half of the year ' s macro-level fluctuations, the recovery was high and low, the 21q4 line as a whole met expectations, the impact of the outbreak in March was more severe, and the Shanghai epidemic in April needed to wait for a follow-up recovery. Overall: from March onwards, it was mainly in Shenzhen, Shanghai, and Shanghai.
First-line cities are characterized by high rates of coverage and high unit prices as core areas of corporate business, with sealing leading to non-publishing and short-term performance pressures; and advertising anchors such as 21q1 online education form a relatively high base.
The customer structure has been optimized and consumer goods have been added. The consumer goods advertisers of the consumer industry have continued to recognize the value of the ladder, with the consumer goods advertisers of the building in 2021 earning $5,805 million per day, an increase of 35.36 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 3.67 ppt to 39.12 per cent over the profit; and cinema media.
More cost-efficient, Māori rates and net interest rates continue to rise. Corporate overall Māori rates \triangleright 6.87 ptt, the cost of media resources associated with the company’s media operations have decreased slightly over the 21-year period.
The 21-year cost of media resources increased by 13.16 per cent over 20 years, mainly as a result of the 21-year recovery from the epidemic, and the cost of long pre-discovery purchases rose by 221.53 per cent, resulting in a sustained loss in cinema operations, which, in addition, benefited from good cost control and related media resources in the company ' s media operations.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In November of the year, the company passed a bill to issue h shares, plan to issue offshore foreign shares (h shares) and apply for listing on the Hong Kong United Exchange Ltd. main board to further advance the public.
The internationalization strategy. In April 22, the company announced that it would split its holding subsidiary, fmkorea, into a market at the Korean Stock Exchange (koreaexchange), providing an independent Korean fund-raising platform for fmkorea, and widening domestic and foreign sources of financing.
Investment proposals: In summary, the company ' s performance for 21 years and 22q1 is expected to match expectations, is subject to short-term stress from the epidemic and is expected to continue, with a high degree of relevance to the economy in terms of the atmosphere of the media in the world of life, especially for consumer advertising, recovery from the epidemic and bottom-of-performance opportunities for 22q2.
Risk factors: the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, increased competition in the industry, uncertain demand in the advertising market, etc. In 2021, the mass media received $14.836 billion, an increase of 22.64 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $6.063 billion, an increase of 51.43 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, the building media earned $13.618 billion in operating income throughout the year, an increase of 17.64 per cent over the previous year; and the cinematographic media.
Since March, as a result of local epidemics and weak demand in the advertising market, the epidemic has limited the normal distribution of advertising in some of the cities of the company, resulting in a decline in the performance of the company in the current period compared to the same period the previous year, with the building media achieving operating income of 2,655 million yuan, a decline of 18.15 per cent from the previous year, and cinema media generating operating income of $282 million, a decline of 16.85 per cent from the previous year.
In 2021, the company’s operating costs increased by $370 million, or 8.32 per cent, over the previous year. Mostly during the 2020 epidemic, the cost of leasing of cinema media was not incurred in cinemas, so the cost of leasing cinema operations in 2021 increased markedly in the same year.
The cost of corporate media resources increased by 13.16 per cent in 21 years compared to 2020, and the cost of long pre-screening purchases for major cinemas increased significantly by 221.53 per cent compared to the previous year. During the 2020 epidemic, the cost of purchasing cinema media resources was not incurred in all theatres and returned to normal rhythm in 2021, resulting in a significant increase in similar costs for cinema operations in 2021.
The company experienced a 6.14 per cent reduction in staff remuneration over the 21-year period, mainly due to further system upgrades and digitalizations, continued improvement in human effectiveness, and continued decline in media operations and the number of media developers.The other operating costs include, inter alia, the cost of printing images of elevator posters, transportation and outsourcing of media equipment, and installation of vitamins.
Material consumption costs for repairs and operator flow costs for elevator television commercial content 4g have changed less than in the previous year.III. Māori rates and net interest rate analysis 17.92 per cent for sales costs, an increase of 0.14 pct over the same period, mainly for salesmen closely related to operating income
(c) The fluctuations in the use were mainly attributable to interest income, owing to the company's average bank balance during the reporting period and large bank balances
The increase in interest income was accompanied by an increase in the regular bank statements compared to the previous year. 22q1 company sales costs decreased by $511 million, or 24.94 per cent, compared with the previous year, and sales costs decreased by 17.40 per cent, or 1.56 pct, compared with the previous year; Net cash flows from corporate operations in 21 years amounted to $9,590 million, an increase of $4,367 million over the same period in the previous year.
The rental guidelines require that the impact of rental costs, such as building operations and office space and warehouses, on cash flows be reflected in fund-raising activities, so that the cash that began to purchase goods and receive labour payments during the reporting period no longer includes rental payments, such as building operations, resulting in an increase of $2.924 billion in operating cash flows.
Net cash flows from the operations of 22q1 companies amounted to $1,621 million, an increase of $48 million, or 3.04 per cent, compared with the same period the previous year. Of this amount, (1) cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services during the reporting period amounted to $3.612 billion, a slight decrease of 2.47 per cent;
Cash in receipt of labour payments decreased by $99.0951 million, or 45.45 per cent, from the same period in the previous year.) Good; 2) Credit impairment losses of $165 million in accounts receivable during the reporting period; 3) partial debt restructuring of accounts receivable resulted in receivables due as at 31 March 2022, in addition to the company ' s life-cycle media network covering the country ' s main 307 cities, Hong Kong Special.
Outside the districts, more than 50 major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore and Indonesia are covered. Of these: 1) company elevator television and media equipment totals about 825,000, of which about 781,000 are self-owned (including some 98,000 media equipment of the Foreign Ministry), covering 92 major cities in the country, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Republic of Korea, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand and the United Kingdom.
More than 50 cities and districts in countries such as Indonesia. Some 44,000 television and media equipment for the federated elevators covering 125 cities and districts in the country; one major city and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region; approximately 285,000 elevator and poster media equipment for participating companies covering the country
3) According to a study by Sullivan, by the end of 2021, the media were ranked first in the number of media outlets, ranked first in the fields of writing and residential buildings, with a market share far ahead of 2 to 5 competitors.
The average number of places at the end of the year was used as the annual media dots, and it was calculated that the single dot in 2021.
5770.68 dollars, an increase of 15.9 per cent over the 2020 figure of $4978.23, the impact of the epidemic, increased competition in the industry and uncertainty in the demand for advertising markets, among other risks.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.