The rise of the ladders pioneer brand, the impact of the long-acting open-air advertising industry abroad on macro, regulatory and epidemiological impacts, the staircase features that highlight the resilience of the brand budget, macro-tension, weak consumption and regulatory rules that have reduced the industry's climate, and the short-term economic upturn.
The demand for Internet advertising is influenced by regulatory rules, and the escalators in traditional offline advertising show greater resilience; the budgets for effect advertising are balanced with industry regulations at the top, and the escalators will continue to absorb brand budgets.
The ladder pioneers created brand activation, the advertisers restructured to resist the cycle of growth, the elevator advertising model, built on high-quality ladder resources and four major growth logics, the powerful brand activation, the main advertising structure switched from Internet to fast-discharged products, and the short-term consolidation went away.
Corporate prices compare to the 300-degree trend, and the fundamentals resist macro-stress performance and continue to dig deep for long-term budgets to enjoy the dividends of brand rise, while continuing to tap into the emerging market-rich client structure to further expand the growth space.
• Growth in performance is underpinned by a domestic escalator resonance, long-term space for a steady expansion of the escalator overseas, a steady increase in the concentration of points, a steady increase in the number of points towards the medium-term goal, a gradual expansion, and an increase in the lbs brand to help raise the smart screen filling rate, which is driven by an upscaling of prices.
On the overseas side, the profit-making escalator model of Korea, Singapore, etc. is replicable,h the internationalization of stock listings has advanced, measuring an increase of $5.7 billion in income from overseas over the medium to long term.
By adjusting the client structure, reducing client concentration and collecting and managing accounts receivable, bad debts were prepared to increase the quality of full profit based on industry classifications and credit characteristics; and by the same time, the complete sales training system was being built up by the crowd, with higher brand recognition.
Competing against ka service capabilities; in addition, digital upgrading by connecting Skycats and product overlaps, working with Golden Fluttershys and the Middle-structure enabling marketing system, promotes long-term business operations. Mango supermix (300413.sz): content flying wheels
Continued macroeconomic pressure; deterioration of the pattern of competition in the industry;h stock listing and internationalization; and unanticipated growth in conjunction with price increases, ip asset diversification became empty. Fasthand-w (1024,hk): Spring and Winter-Ossar
United States Mission-w (3690.hk): 1q22 pre-performance vision: deep-drawn, short-term outbreak disturbances unchanged