Kyoto Easterna (000725) Annual Report Review 2020: 2021q1 outperforms expectations and is expected to remain high in the future: company reports for 2020 and one quarterly report for 2021.
Achieving business income (135,553 million yuan, +16.80%) is a net profit for the mother (5,036 billion yuan, slightly less). The firm’s deep-farm display industry, which has for many years built an integrated platform from panels to modules to whole machines to services, is in the lead globally, showing the world’s highest volume of goods.
During the year, the supply and demand patterns of the industry continued to be tight, the panel prices continued to rise, contributing to the growth of the Maori rate, and corporate business earnings broke the 100 billion mark for the second year in a row. 202101, the industry climate continued, and the performance of the public sector significantly improved.
At the supply level, the short-term supply of raw materials such as glass base plates, driveic, etc. has led to a drop in the industry ' s effective supply output ring, with semiconductors showing a further increase in demand and supply.
The competition pattern has been restructured, and it is expected that industry concentration will continue to increase and the supply and demand structure will improve as the industry integrates. In 2020, companies implemented the first equity incentive scheme, in which more than 80% of both development and market jobs are developed, and established as part of a number of subsectors.
The corporate strategic objective for the innovation of the Internet with an absolute advantage, and based on strategic thinking, builds a core capacity to show semiconductors the “1+4+n” carrier community that stretches the value chain of the industrial and physical networking landscapes. Overall, we believe that the supply and demand of the panels will also be stressful.
This increase is due mainly to lower financial costs due to the company’s repayment of remunerative stock claims during the same period of the previous year. Research and development costs (7,623 million yuan, +13.77%) have continued to grow, and companies have become soft.
The technology R & D and industrialization project was awarded the Beijing City Award for the Annual Scientific and Technological Progress Award, and the patent placement capacity continued to improve, with more than 9,000 new patent applications being filed each year.In response to the continuing demand downstream, companies actively prepared and stocked (17,875 million yuan),
The capital building, China Capital Stock Company, Ltd., operates from the "1+4+n" carrier complex and operates in five main sections. The company uses a semiconductor to show business as the main course of growth, focusing its resources on four high-potential businesses, mainly in the fields of smart medicine, intelligent systems innovation, sensors and solutions.
Industry, Miniled, and incorporated into n scenes, including Smart Car Union, Smart Retail, Smart Finance, Industrial Internet, etc. The world’s number one source of business output and the efficiency of operations are increasing. In 2020, it showed that the business plate was collected (13,1971 million yuan, +16.03%), representing 97.36%.
Among them, innovative applications, oleds, and whole-of-the-board sales are growing at a sharper rate, with innovative applications growing by 60% on a year-on-year basis in 2020, wearing, esl, electronic signboards, collage, iot financial application markets being the world’s highest; flexible oled products growing by 100% on a year-on-year basis; and tv sales of whole-time Chinese products increasing by 145% on a year-on-year basis. At the same time, companies complete the 8.5-generation and 8.6-generation LCD lines in China, with Panda Nanjing and Chengdu.
Cycling, compost 10.5, Wuhan 10.5, and Chongqing continue to miniaturize the 8.5 generation tft-lcd production lines and further upgrade the production of water. On the basis of their market leadership, companies are increasing their technological and productive advantages and their combined strength, and are expected to remain tight in the supply and demand of unattended panels, and are expected to continue to improve their collection and Maori rates, leading to higher performance.
In 2020, the smart medicine industry received 1,522 million yuan (+12.15%) or 1.12%. The company ' s smart medicine industry combines technology with medicine, focusing on the four core sectors of health management, health science, technology, digital hospitals, and scientific services. The company works with hospitals to achieve a digital model of first aid and chronic medical care.
The company works with the Beijing Emergency Centre to synchronize information and with the North Hospitals to promote a new model for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases. The company’s digital service has increased the number of visits to and discharges from compost hospitals by 120% and 200%, respectively, and the number of surgeries by 185%. The company’s collaboration with hospitals will also accelerate, with digital medicine continuously contributing to the efficiency of medical resources, and the size of future intelligent medical careers will continue.
In 2020, the smart system innovation portfolio was won (1.328 billion yuan, +61.72%) at 0.98%. The corporate innovation center was better laid, and several innovation centers, such as Chongqing and Chengdu, have been set up. The city’s beautification has been completed with urban lighting, such as the Twin Towers of the City of Chengdu and Vuhanwanda Square.
Building a new generation of model neighbourhoods and building international top-of-the-art thematic parks in partnership with Globalview City. Smart traffic has created several poles, including line 2 of the Taiwon subway. As corporate cooperation expands, the penetration of intelligent systems will increase further.
Revenues ($198 million, +90.95%) represent 0.09% of the total rapid growth in such operations as medical images, smart windows, etc. The medical image industry has grown by more than 70% over the same year, overseas markets have expanded their customers, Korean markets have increased by more than 30% over the same time, and cooperation has been established with the Euro-American Medical Facility pioneer and the world’s largest detector enterprise.
Lead in the preparation of national standards for electronic dyeed glass, laying the foundation for further business breakthroughs. Mini-led is an important part of the carrier industry. The company consolidates its leverage resources, deploys technology ahead of the next generation, builds the Mini-led enterprise, is an important part of the carrier industry, and has made breakthroughs in many areas of products, technology, and markets. The company ' s 75-inch glass-based double backlight product is already in place.
A number of brand clients have promoted the co-researching of the largest co-researcher, the largest co-researcher in the world, with a significant increase in the speed of crystallineization. The development of bottleneck technologies such as glass sidelines, crystallineization and assembly has been completed, and the development and marketing of the Po.9am glass-based product has been steadily advancing. As a result of the mini-led backlight technology, lcd's performance has significantly improved, helping it to further narrow the performance gap between the high-end IT and television markets and the oled.
Given the continuing low stock of the plant at this stage, the low demand for panels, the continuing shortage of folded glass panels and drive-ic, we judge that the demand and supply of panels will run through 2021. Companies, as industry leaders, have the talent and technical advantage to expect future performance.
Management costs include R & D costs