Kyotoa (000725) company review report, 30/04/2021.
On the evening of 29 April, the company issued its first-quarter performance report for 2021, and during the reporting period, the company earned more profits for the company q1 than it did for the whole year last year, with a significant increase in the size of the collection.
Under the strategic guidance of the brand-new "1+4+n" carrier cluster, corporate q1 operations accelerate and continue to maintain a secure global semiconductor display of the tap. The smartphones market for five major mainstream products, such as LCD screens, tablet screens, laptop screens, monitor screens and television screens
The share continues to be the highest in the world, and innovative technologies such as miniled, soft, and 8k have continued to make breakthroughs. As companies complete the acquisition and merger of the Central Panda Nanjing, Chengdu 8 generation line, and the rapid release of the Wuhan 10.5 generation line, corporate performance has risen significantly, with single-season profits outpacing last year’s full year.
Large-scale panel prices are rising faster, companies are becoming more profitable, the panel industry continues to thrive, and large-scale panel prices are rising faster. According to the group intellectual consultation, the price of the panel continues to rise in April, and the large-sized panels above 50 inches continue to increase, and are expected to rise in May.
The overall price increase has led to growing corporate profitability, and the profitability of its and tv portfolios has been historically high. The company’s new acquisition of two lines of electricity and electricity, q1, is still in the process of restructuring the industrial chain, and will continue to grow in the future in the quarter.
The boom in supply and demand in the supersector continues, and corporate performance is expected to grow. The vanguard position of the national production panel is highlighted, and the company is entering a period of gold development.
After decades of development, the company has a deep accumulation of technology and patenting in the area of panels. Taking advantage of the cost of high-generation production lines, as well as technological advantages, to phase out the production capacity of Japanese and Korean plants in the LCD market, to change supply-side patterns, to become a global leader in the industry, and to dominate the global market.
There's a right to dialogue. With improved industrial supply and demand, the liquid crystal panel industry has become less cyclical. Now, Icd will remain the dominant technology in the future, in terms of technology and cost, and the company will be profitable in the future.
High certainty: In emerging areas such as miniled/led, domestic producers, including companies, are catching up, customers are moving well, and overall rapid growth is time-bound. We expect the panel industry to enter the country’s flagship gold-development period, and profitability will remain high for the long term.
1) Korea’s exit is not as expected; 2) the panel price is not as high as expected; 3) downstream demand is not as anticipated. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.