Chu's performance at 4q20 has grown dramatically, and 1q21 net profit is over-expected.
Thanks to the reversal of the industry landscape, 1021 companies achieved a net profit of $5.2 billion, a record high, fully demonstrating the elasticity of the industry as it rises. It is expected that the demand for panels will continue to rise in 2021 as major sporting events, such as the Olympics and the European Cup, and that the company will have excellent technology to produce as a global panel leader.
A record high of 1021: 49,660 million yuan in corporate revenues in the first quarter of 2021, or 91.9 per cent for yoy; net profit of $5.18 billion, or 814.5 per cent for yoy; net profit of $4,480 million after deduction, or the same, plus eps 0.147 dollars. Corporate performance meets expectations. The reasons for the significant growth in corporate performance are:
The demand for remote office, online services and other raw materials, such as glass-based panels and driving ic, has continued to increase demand for panels, which has led to a decline in the effective supply chain, and changes in supply and demand have driven the price of panels to rise. The price of the 1021 panels has generally increased by 4020 over the same period in the previous year.
The panel industry is expected to run high. It is expected that, with major sports events such as the Olympics and the European Cup, the demand for large-scale panels will continue to rise in 2021, and the demand for education, vehicles, office space will be released, the industry will be expected to run high, and companies will be able to perform well as a global panel of champions.
Institutional investors account for a prominent share of liquidity, and profitability will be fully released. Profit predictions: looking ahead, the low intergenerational production line of overseas producers has no economic and size advantages.
The report is expected to be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.