q1 performance is on a forecast ceiling, with high year-round growth fixtures 29 April, when the company released a 20q1 performance report with revenue of $49.660 billion, or +108 per cent; net profit return 21q1 performance increased significantly, with high year-round growth fixtures
\triangleright plus 1.130 billion of impairment losses on assets, resulting in better real performance. 21q1 achieves a Māori rate of 28.1%, corresponding to +13.8pt, ring to +4.7pt.
The pressure on prices below is still on the upward trend, with the company q1 doubling its performance ring, highlighting the large elasticity of the Department’s performance at the top of the panel. Prior to the company’s announcement that it would buy a small number of shares and recapitalize the production line, further consolidating national production, the unit compared to its 300-year-old trend.
At the end of the month, there was a 6/6/9/13 increase. At the end of the month, the Korean factory withdrew from the lcd production strategy and the delayed exit effect was limited.
At the domestic level, the future production of additional lcds is limited and capacity constraints cannot be alleviated in the short term; the supply of raw materials such as glass-based panels, driveic, etc., is tight, leading to a decline in the industry’s effective supply ring, which further exacerbates capacity constraints. At the demand side: the trend towards big television screens has led to an increase in the volume of goods coming out, and the European Cup, which was held in 2021, will be a powerful boost to the demand for panels.
We believe that companies underestimate and maintain a “recommended” rating. Medium-sized panels produce less than expected, overseas producers withdraw slowly from LCD, and produce less than expected.
1. Kyodonga (000725)
Annual report and 21q1 forecast: q1 performance significantly increased, with a high year-round growth setting Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,