Chu's performance at 4q20 has grown dramatically, and 1q21 net profit is over-expected.
Thanks to a reversal in the industry, 4020 companies have experienced a huge increase in net profits, while 1021 companies have achieved a net profit of $50-52 billion, which is historically high, fully demonstrating the elasticity of performance when the industry rises. It is expected that the demand for panels in 2021 will continue to rise as the Olympics and European Cups, among other events, arrive.
The company, as a global panel leader, has a strong edge in technology, and its profitability will be fully released. We have an eps 0.13. Of this amount, the company is now operating at $3.386 billion in the quarter of the fourth quarter, up 11.6 per cent for yoy, starting with a steady upturn in panel prices as the supply of the panel industry shrinks and demand improves.
The business landscape continues to rise, with companies becoming domestic champions with a greater scale effect, with 4020 combined Māori rates reaching 28.2 per cent, an increase of 12.5 percentage points over the same period the previous year, and a 9.6 percentage points higher ring comparison.
Institutional investors as a share of the circulation a. Sustained demand for services to pull up the panel; and, at the same time, tight supply of raw materials such as glass-based panels, driveic, etc., led to a decline in the effective supply chain, with semi-guids showing tight demand for the industry.
The price of the 1021 panel, which is generally up over the same period the previous year, is 3% more than 4020, and it is expected that the demand for the 2021 panel will continue to rise as major sporting events, such as the Olympics and the European Cup, and that the company will be highly technologically superior as a global panel.
Profit forecasts: For the future, the low-generation production line for overseas producers will continue to exit due to lack of economic and scale advantages, while the demand for the panel industry will increase steadily and the industry will continue to improve.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.