The annual report for 2020 issued by the incident company in Kyoto Orientala (000725.sz) resulted in revenues of $135,553 million, an increase of 16.80 per cent over the year; the net return profit of $5.036 billion was achieved, an increase of 162.46 per cent over the year;
Fu Chu-hwan, p.p.s. 0.14, proposed for 10. The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021 and continued to outperform market expectations: 2020q3/q4 achieved net return profit.
Thank you very much: Jang's net profit is expected to reach its full 2020 level. We believe that high corporate performance growth is expected to benefit from the continued over-expected increase in the price of lcd: the price of tv-lcd in 2020 is low.
The pattern of supply and demand in the lcd sector is further tightened by the supply of upstream raw materials and the continuing boom in demand: 16% increase in the price ring of tv-lcd; 14% increase in the price ring of t-lcd.
Industry cyclically weakened, and the operations of lcd moved into a stable profit period with a high size and clarity that continued to drive a steady increase in the demand side of lcd: a compound growth rate of 6.5% is projected at the global demand end of lcd over the next three years. The willingness of manufacturers to build new production capacity has been significantly reduced, depending on the current level of vendors.
The supply and demand of lcd will remain below the supply-demand balance line for the long term, and the price of lcd is expected to remain within a reasonable range for the long term. The company’s leadership is strong, and the profitability of lcd’s operations is stable: in 2020, the company’s lcd smartphones, tablets, laptops, monitors, etc.
In addition, the global market share of the company's lcd cargo area has been further raised to 27%, and net interest rates for the operations of lcd are expected to remain high over the next three years. The "1+4+n" carrier industry has set up a semi-guided company to open a new chapter on connectivity.
The company continues to invest more in research and development to ensure a rapid growth of its new business: the business of the oled continues to grow and is expected to continue in 2021.
To achieve a doubling of growth; to light up 75-inch glass-based double backlight products, the commercialization process is expected to accelerate; and to develop new markets as the Union of Intelligents continues to advance steadily.
The annual growth rate is expected to stabilize at more than 10%, and net interest rates are expected to rise to around 9%. The investment proposal takes into account that the price increase for lcd continues to be higher than expected than in Nanjing, on the Chengdu line and table.
We have increased our profit projections for the next two years, with net profits projected for 2021-2023, respectively, in Kyoto Easta: proposed acquisition of a share of the electric panda production line, with a front price of 14.38 times pe and 2.16 times pb in 2021.
"Kyoto a: Māori performance improvement trap has come to an end and the Division's global lcd leadership is strong and its operations are entering a steady harvest period; companies continue to increase their R & D inputs, "1+4+n" carrier cluster enhancement network layouts, oled,
“Kyotoa: proposes an additional $20 billion to improve the layout of new operations such as mini-led and sensors, which are expected to grow rapidly and maintain a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Change and cyclical tipping points: Exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.