q1 performance exceeded expectations and new new technology clients helped to grow together Events: On April 29, Tokyo East issued a quarterly report for 2021, with companies earning 49,655 million yuan in a single quarter, an increase of 107.87 per cent, and a net return of 5.182 million yuan to the mother, an increase of the same amount
Kyodonga (000725.sz) 46.15 billion yuan; net gain of $4.485 billion from the non-mono-retribution, which is a significant loss on a year-on-year basis.  net interest rate innovation is high and company q1 performance is exceeding expectations. In the first quarter of 2021, the company performed well.
In the current outbreak of growth, 49,655 million yuan was collected in the single quarter, representing an increase of 107.87 per cent over the same period; the net profit is now 5182 million yuan for the mother, representing an increase of $4,615 million for the same period, and the net profit for the single quarter was higher than last year ' s full-year level; and the net profit from the non-return to the mother is $4,485 million, representing a substantial loss and a net gain for the same period.
At the same time, there has been a significant increase in corporate profitability, with a net return on corporate sales remaining at 12.69 per cent, a 17-year high, with company q1 performing well above market expectations, after digesting the depreciation and significant stock impairment (over $1 billion) in the course of the period.
The company is the country’s first leading producer of the oled panel, with the world’s second-largest production capacity. Meanwhile, with its leading technological reserves and capacity, the company’s oled product customers are doing well. 1) The company has started to work at 4q20.
Large offshore customers supply the oled panels and started bulk deliveries in 2021, and according to Omdia, 9 million oled panels are expected to be supplied in 2021 in the east of Kyoto. 2) The company will also import the oled products into the new client Tristar, and the company will start supplying the galaxym system in 2021.
In our view, the company's products have been successfully imported into a large number of large international clients, bringing in a large number of high-quality orders for the company, while, at the same time, under the endorsement of the front branding factory, the company's products.
In recent days, apples have released a new ipadpro, with just 600-dollar start-up prices, to carry the miniled backlight technology.
The lead shows new trends in technology, and other manufacturers are expected to roll out the miniled parities, which will be the year 2021. The company already has a lead in the field of miniled, and will benefit in depth. As early as 2019, the company worked with Rohini in the United States.
Developing high-speed reprinting technology for Miniled, the company became the world’s few manufacturers mastering the leading technology. At the same time, the company set up a glass-based miniled production base in Beijing and Fertilizer, where the compost line is mainly related to the miniled backlight product, the Beijing line.
At present, the company’s minired backlight product has been delivered to the client, A:q1’s performance is exceeding expectations, and the panel’s headlines, initially dominated by 65 inches and 75 inches of tv, will be followed by demand and production from the client.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: benefiting from the expansion of the panel and the integration of the extended production line, Kyoto, Kyoto, A: 20 billion fixed increases, performance elasticity and elasticity
Kyoto Easta: Three seasons of record-high, panel 13/11/10. Companies, as industry leaders, will fully enjoy the profitability elasticity of productive energy release and panel price increases. We value the company’s ability to release its performance and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
"Kyoto a: proposed acquisition of the cec Nandu line, further consolidation of the industry leader" 2020.9.24 "Kyoto a:q2 net profit reversible growth, equity booms"
Invigorating for a New Era 2020.09.01 " Three Stars Exit + Epidemic Disturbation, Watching New Patterns of Panel Supply and Demand " .
The price of the main size of the tv panel has returned to its high level in 2017.
Figure 2: Revenue and profit performance in Kyoto Orientala Figure 3: Profit performance in Kyoto Orientala Figure 4: Cost performance in Kyoto Orientala
Figure 5: Research and development costs in Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 6: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions) Figure 7: Net profits and operating net cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions)
~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~qq~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q: Kyoto Easterna Inventory (billions) Figure 9: Kyoto Orientala Accounts Receivable (billions)
Fang Jing, a leading business experience in the semiconductor industry for almost five years at Xian University of Electronic Technology, has been familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain of business, and has also been a sponsor of the country's well-known semiconductor business incubation platform, i.e. coffee, and has assisted many semiconductor companies in their early introduction of a third place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the electronics sector of Crystalball in 18/19; and 3/2 in the electronics sector of the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.
Liu Xiaoqing, a Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joined South-West Securities in 2018. Joined Sinda Securities in 2020. Known the semiconductor industry chain. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined Sinda Securities in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.