On the 13th of 2021, the industry had a very strong view, and the top performance of the panel had increased considerably.
50.36 billion yuan, an increase of 162.46 per cent over the same period; the company expects a net return profit for q1 in 2021; the accelerated integration of the liquid crystal panel industry, with a significant advantage in the size of the lead manufacturer; and the corporate semiconductor in 2020, which shows a further strengthening of the lead position, showing a return to business.
13,1971 million dollars, an increase of 16.03%, while smartphone liquid crystal screens, tablet screens, laptop screens, monitor screens and television screens continued to be the world’s largest market for five major products. The company completed the 8.5-generation summation of Middle Panda Nanjing in the second half of 2020.
Both 8.6 generation LCDs were acquired and will continue to improve technology and product layout in 2021 q1 on a scale-based basis, with a profit-making super-market expectation and a bright performance. LCD cycles are reduced, and supply- and demand-driven panels remain at high prices for the long term.
The panel industry continues to enjoy a strong climate, and large-scale panel prices continue to rise. According to the congenial consultation, the dollar, which has been rising for 10 months since June 2020, has led to a growing capacity for panel profit. On the demand side, television tv, teleworking, on-line services, home entertainment, etc.
The application market has expanded further, adding to such constraints as the upstream raw material driver at the supply end, effective industry supply to output, increased supply and demand stress in the panel sector, and the panel price is expected to remain high throughout the year.
After decades of development, the company has a deep technological build-up and patent layout in the panel area. Using the cost of high-generation production lines and technological advantages, it has phased out the Japan Korean plant in the liquid crystal panel market.
Line-based production, changing supply-side patterns, becoming a global industry leader, with a global market monopoly on dialogue. With improved industrial supply and demand, the liquid crystal panel industry has become less cyclical. Now, Icd will continue to be the dominant technology in the future, taking into account technology and costs.
Lee Chee Feng is very certain: in emerging areas such as miniled/led, domestic producers, including companies, are catching up, customers are on track, and the overall growth is fast and fast. We expect the panel industry to enter the country.
(a) Downstream development is less than expected; (b) technology development is less than expected; and (c) client outreach is less than expected. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advices granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude, are independent and objective
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.