q1 performance increased significantly, with a high year-round growth rating of $5.04 billion in net profit for the mother, an increase of 162%. At the same time, the company expects q1 to return $5.052 billion in net profit for the mother, generating $132 billion in revenue for the same year, an increase of about 16% in volume of soft-led products, the same annual sales volume.
Over 100% of the increase. 2101 is expected to achieve a median return net profit of $5.1 billion, with a significant increase of about 800% over the same period, and tensions continue with the upward trend in prices below, with the company ' s o1 performance ring doubling, highlighting the large elasticity of the company ' s performance at higher prices.
According to Witsview, the average cost of the 32/43/665 inch liquid crystal panel in the early part of April was $77/128/206/256, respectively.
Supply side: Korea’s exit from the lcd production strategy is clear, delayed exit is limited, future production capacity of the lcd is limited and capacity constraints in the country cannot be alleviated in the short term; supply of raw materials such as glass base plates, driveic, etc., is tight, leading to a decline in the industry’s effective supply ring ratio, further exacerbating capacity constraints. Demand side: television
Big screen trends have led to an increase in the size of the shipment, coupled with the 2021 Olympic Games, and the European Cup, which will be a powerful pull-up panel. Under the high demand for medium-sized panels, profitability will continue to increase.
The output of television machines is below expectations, the exit of overseas manufacturers from LCDs is slow, and production capacity is not as high as expected.
2. [Empower] Kyotoa (000725): Performance in line with expectations and continued high profile Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,