Waldensecurities International-a Unit Study, 5 June 2023
The Cooperation Agreement was renewed by the Agency's investment value analysis report, which laid the foundation for future performance growth, with its autonomous product-rich growth engine,
At the end of January 2023, the company renewed its cooperation agreement with Mercerton, which will continue to be distributed and promoted on mainland China by Ji Fei Bian, who will represent Mercer East vaccine products. The agreement covers the period between 2023h2 and 2026, and the parties agree on the amount of basic procurement for various types of vaccines per year, amounting to over 100 billion yuan, up from 2020.
The year-on-year renewal agreement was increased by $69.5 billion, and the successful renewal of the agency enabled the company to ensure future growth in its performance, and strongly recommended (for the first time) an increase in the demand for Hpv vaccines, with a nine-priced price becoming the market's future trend.
The Hpv vaccine is currently on the market at nine, four, and the other three are second-priced products, which are better than second-priced products in terms of range and effect of prevention. Given our trend towards Hpv virus, the Hpv vaccine needs are multi-serotypes and protected areas.
The Hpv price is therefore the future trend. According to Jost Sali, the market will reach $62.54 billion in 2031. The demand for vaccines in Hpv is rising.
• The penetration rate is expected to increase gradually, and the male Hpv vaccine market has a wide margin of growth. The country ' s Hpv vaccine penetration rate is still low, at a cumulative rate of 3.61 per cent in 2020, compared to 70 per cent in the developed countries of Europe and the United States, the country ' s Hpv vaccine stock market is huge, and vaccination coverage is still high
In China, no male Hpv has yet reached its lowest/highest level in a year.
The vaccine product has been approved, and the future male Hpv vaccine market has a wide potential for growth. At present, Mercer East has started a iii clinical study on the Chinese male market for a nine-price Hpv vaccine.
Roe (ttm) The number and incidence of the number of people who are infected by tuberculosis in our country are so large that, as the forces of disease control gradually free themselves from the epidemic, the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis will be refocused to promote micro-ca plus i-ka.
Pe(ttm) is widely used. So we think that the next few years will be a period of rapid expansion of our nodule market and will require the same space.
• Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations give companies a “strongly recommended (first-time)” investment rating; product batches are issued less than expected, new products are developed or promoted less than expected, and agency cooperation is adjusted.
Vaccines are defined by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a heteropharmacological product containing immunogen substances, which induces the introduction of a pathogenic, active and protective host immunisation to prevent infectious diseases. Vaccines are primarily designed to stimulate the living immune system to produce memory cells that are sustainable so that, in the event of a second infection, they are immediately accessible.
The most effective, simple and cost-effective way to prevent and control infectious diseases is through vaccination, so that all countries around the world are able to do so.
Vaccination is considered to be the highest priority in public preventive services. The variety of vaccines, depending on their antigen properties and preparation techniques, can be classified as follows: 1.2. The need for vaccination is rising and the market space is expanding.
With the outbreak of the new crown epidemic, the status of the vaccine sector has been further consolidated, and the process of industrialization has accelerated. Since the 13th Five-Year Plan, our biomedical industry has entered a period of eruptionary growth, particularly as a result of the new crown epidemic, the biopharmaceutical industry has gained prominence as one of the focal points of a new global technological revolution and national power competition.
The pace of the structural transformation of our economy has accelerated further, and the 14th century will be a period of rapid growth in the biomedical industry. With the impact of the new crown epidemic, the vaccine industry has become a central area of the biomedical and health industries, the main strategic direction of our strategic industrial landscape, and the development of good policies for vaccine-related benefits, such as 2022.
On 30 May, the State Council issued the 14th National Health Plan, which proposes to strengthen the prevention and control of communicable diseases, to strengthen immunization against infectious diseases and the surveillance of vaccine-preventable infectious diseases, to strengthen the management of the entire process, to ensure safe vaccinations, to gradually increase the vaccination rate among the population, and to provide guarantees for the supply of influenza vaccines and to promote vaccination against influenza among key populations.
National immunization planning vaccine types need to be adjusted in due course, strengthened management of cold chain systems for immunization planning and improved traceability. According to Frost Sullivan data, the global vaccine market grew from approximately $27.5 billion to approximately $36.5 billion between 2016 and 2020, with a compound annual growth rate of 7.3 per cent worldwide, with health awareness and treatment of infectious diseases.
Annually, the global market for vaccines for people will reach about $80.9 billion, and by 2020-2025, the combined growth rate will have reached only $7.1 per capita spending on the Chinese vaccine market in 2021, $59.5 per capita spending on the United States vaccine market, $17.4 per capita spending on the five EU member States and $28.1 per capita spending on Japan.
As the global immunization programme progresses, the focus of vaccine development has shifted towards multi-connected and multi-valued forms of antigens from multiple pathogenic microorganisms, which prevent diseases caused by multiple pathogens. Multi-priced vaccines contain different sub-types or serotypes of the same pathogen that can combat the disease.
In recent years, multi- and multi-priced vaccines have become an important direction in vaccine development. As the domestic vaccine industry moves forward, it will be expected to increase vaccination penetration.
More innovative national vaccine products are being marketed, ranging from single seedlings to seedlings, single-price to multi-priced vaccine upgrades, which will better meet the need to upgrade vaccinations, thereby contributing to the continued expansion of vaccine demand and stimulating the potential for vaccine market development. Currently, we have classified vaccines into two major categories, immunization planning and non-immunization planning vaccines.
The vaccination plan covers: hepatitis B vaccine, BCG vaccine, polio eradication vaccine, and the vaccination programme.
The non-immunized vaccine is not included in the national immunization list of biological products, and the population is free to decide whether to inoculate, depending on their health needs.
Non-immunized planned vaccines such as hpv vaccine, water pox vaccine, influenza vaccine, type b haemophilus influenza vaccine, pneumococcal vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, etc. The new coronal epidemic has given the public an unprecedented amount of enthusiasm for vaccination, and public awareness and acceptance of the vaccine is constantly increasing.
The demand for non-immunized vaccinations is also rising, and the market for non-immunized vaccines has great potential. According to the data from Frost Sullivan, the market for non-immun vaccines grew from 22.6 billion yuan in 2016 to 70.9 billion yuan in 2020, with annual compound growth.
China’s vaccine market penetration rate will increase further, and the vaccine market is expected to expand continuously. With the effects of an ageing society, public-health needs of the population and increased awareness of voluntary vaccinations, the introduction of a national immunization program, health insurance reimbursement, and an increase in the population’s vaccine burden, China’s vaccine market will grow steadily.
Stsalivin’s data show that China’s vaccine market grew from 27.1 billion yuan in 2016 to 75.3 billion yuan in 2020, and that China’s vaccine market has grown much faster than the global vaccine market, and has shown rapid growth. Given our large population base, it has created enormous room for growth in the vaccination industry.
The company was created in 2002 to develop, produce and sell vaccines, biological products, including vaccine products for the prevention of infectious diseases such as cerebral, cervical cancer, pneumonia, cycling viruses and so on.
Medicines that provide effective solutions for diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of tuberculosis infections. Companies insist on autonomous research and development as innovation-driven, while working closely with leading research and development institutions, research institutes, etc., to focus on cutting-edge technology investment to incubate innovation strategies that are “autonomous research and development, supported by collaborative research and development, and investment to incubate”, constantly turning breakthroughs in research into innovations.
Since 2011, the company has been working with Mossad, acting as agent for vaccine products, such as Mercon and Newmofa. Since 2017, the company has been acquiring four-priced human papilloma virus vaccine (hpv), oral five-priced, rotavirus-reduced live vaccine, and nine-price hpv vaccine, which is now the exclusive agent of China.
The two-wheel-drive strategic pattern provides the cornerstone for the rapid development of corporate performance and vaccine research and development.A total of 11 products are currently on the market and one product is on the market, including vaccine products for the prevention of infectious diseases such as cerebral, cervical cancer, pneumonia, and rotavirus, as well as medicines to provide effective solutions for diagnosis, prevention and treatment of tuberculosis infections.
In 2017 and 2018, the Director-General approved a four-priced Hpv vaccine and a nine-priced Hpv vaccine, which became the company’s main life-saving hepatitis A vaccine.
The agent operations were rapidly released, resulting in a rapid increase in corporate operating income and net profit on maternity. Operating income grew by 59 per cent from 5.228 billion in 2018, compared with 59 per cent in the same year; Hpv vaccines at a price of 15.480 million, compared with 52 per cent in the same year; five-price rotations of 8.83 million, compared with 21 per cent in the same year; 23 valent pneumonias of 1.02 million, compared with 31 per cent in the same year; and the liver of the active A has fallen by 24 per cent in the same year.
In January 2023, the company renewed its cooperation agreement with Mercadong, which will continue to be distributed and promoted in mainland China by the wise-flying creature.
The agreement covered the period from 2023h2 to 2026, and the parties agreed on the amount of basic procurement for various vaccine varieties per year, exceeding 1.760 billion yuan, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period, and an increase in the sale of autonomous products. Currently, 23-priced pneumonia vaccine has been declared; two-fold human rabies and four-price influenza have obtained the iii clinical trial summary report; and cerebral and 15-priced pneumonia combinations have entered the vaccine.
Autonomous products are gradually entering the harvest stage in the third phase of the clinical phase and form an increasingly sophisticated self-research product matrix. 2.1.1.hpv vaccine Human Papillomavirus (humanapillomavirus, hpv) is a dna virus that is widely distributed among humans and animals.
Elimination within 2 years; approximately 30 to 40 human papilloma virus (hpv) can be transmitted to the genitals and surrounding skins, trigger anchovies and even cancers, with Hpv16/18 with the highest risk of cancer, with 70 to 80% of cervical cancer caused by Hpv16 or 18. The modes of transmission of Hpv are both horizontal and vertical, and sexual transmission is the most widespread in horizontal transmission.
The vertical mode of transmission is the transmission of the virus to the newborn in close contact with the mother during childbirth or the postnatal period.
It is known that 90 per cent of cervical cancer is caused by the hpv virus, that women at any age are likely to have cervical cancer, and that the prevalence of human papilloma virus (hpv) is around 11.7 per cent worldwide, with lower cervical cancer rates before the age of 25 and a gradual upward trend after the age of 25, with 40-59 years at the peak, accounting for 56.76 per cent of new cases in 2020.
Hpv is the primary risk factor for cervical cancer and is highly contagious. In November 2020, the World Health Organization launched the Global Strategy for the Accelerated Elimination of Cervical Cancer, and for the first time, 194 countries around the world made a joint commitment to work together to eliminate cervical cancer.
Data from the global cancer database show that in 2020, the number of new cases of cervical cancer in China was 11 million, while the number of deaths was 59,000, and that our country is second only to India, the second largest cervical cancer disease in the world. Cervical cancer treatment is mainly surgical and radiotherapy, and immunization is the most effective method of preventing cervical cancer.
Five Hpv vaccine products have been marketed, including three imports of Hpv vaccines and two national Hpv vaccines.
Four types of l1 protein vlp (viral sample particles) prevent not only cervical cancers, genital cancers, genital cancers, vaginal cancers, anal cancers and precancerous pathologies resulting from Hpv6, hpv11. Second and fourth price Hpv vaccines cover only the two most common high-risk viruses closely related to cervical cancer.
The Hpv31, hpv33, hpv45, hpv52, hpv58 can be expanded to 90%. According to the article in the American Journal of Clinical Pathology, Nationalwareand Genotypedibutritionofhighriskhumanpapilomavirusinfectioninchinchinina,
In view of the trend in the Hpv virus in our country, the demand for Hpv vaccine has spread to a multiserotype and wider range of protection, and therefore the price of the nine is a trend in future Hpv vaccine development. In recent years, the total issuance of Hpv vaccine has shown a marked upward trend. In 2021, the total issuance of Hpv vaccine in China was as follows:
29.602 thousand Hpv and 9-price Hpv vaccines were issued at 880.25 million and 10.262 million respectively, totalling 19.987 million, accounting for more than 60 per cent of the market. The 4-price Hpv and 9-price Hpv vaccines were issued at 1,402.84 million and 1,547.72 million respectively in 2022, an increase of 59.37 per cent and 51.65 per cent respectively.
In some developed countries, such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, and Sweden, immunization coverage for young people and women has reached over 70% (at least one dose). According to Frost Sullivan, the rate has increased from 0.15% in 2017 to 2020.
In comparison with 70% in developed countries abroad, the rate of vaccination of women of appropriate age in China is still low, the market for Hpv stocks in the country is huge, and there is still room for a significant increase in vaccination coverage. The continued infection of hpv is not only a major factor in the cancer of the female cervix, but it can also cause acute humid aphids, anal cancer, and cervical cancer among men.
In China, no male Hpv vaccine product has yet been approved, and the future male Hpv vaccine market has a wide potential for growth. Now, Mercerton has started a Chinese male market for a nine-price Hpv vaccine.
In October 2021, Mossad began assessing the nine-priced hpv vaccine for the protection of Chinese men aged 20-45 and the immuno-viral and safety tests. In March 2022, the test was extended to 9-14 years, thus extending the overall vaccination coverage to 9-45 years. In the future, the potential market for males aged 9-45 years will be added to the pre-existing female market.
As the Hpv vaccine spreads to men and target populations, vaccination awareness continues to be raised, and Rotavirus is one of the major causes of severe gastrointestinal inflammation and even death among children under five worldwide.
Intestine cortex cells cause cell damage and diarrhoea. Before the age of five, almost every child had experienced at least one rotational virus infection. Every year, about 25 million children infected with a rotavirus worldwide were in need of outpatient treatment, 2 million of them in hospital, while about 450,000 had died of diarrhea from a rota virus.
More than 3 million infants under the age of 5 years are diagnosed with diarrhoea caused by rotavirus every year. There are currently no special medications available for Rotavirus gastrointestinal inflammation, and improved sanitary conditions do not effectively control its transmission, so vaccination is most effective.
Rotavirus vaccine is a non-immunized vaccine in our country, and currently only two rotavirus vaccines are on the national market, the single-priced rota vaccine produced in the country and the imported five-priced oral-test live vaccine.
G2, g3, g4 and g9 have been used for gastrointestinal infestation of infants from 6 to 32 weeks of age. The five-priced rotavirus vaccine has a better preventive effect and also applies to younger infants, compared to the single-priced rotavirus vaccine. According to the Central and Central Court of Justice, annual batches for the 2017 to 2020 virus vaccine are increasing in China, and batches are being issued.
The amount rose from 88.26 million to 10.80.26 million, with a compound growth rate of 101.83%. Mossatung's five-priced entry since 2018. Tuberculosis is a highly contagious respiratory disease that spreads to the surrounding environment by coughing, coughing, sneezing, etc., while healthy people are exposed to infection when they inhale flying beams with tuberculosis.
People infected with the virus, those with low immune systems, those with diabetes, those with dust pulmonary disease, and those with infirm old age, among others. Patients are less resistant or less sensitive to tuberculosis drugs, which are highly susceptible to lung complications and death.
Patient resistance will result in a significant reduction in the cure rate and a significant increase in the cost of treatment. According to the 2022 Global Tuberculosis Report, there were approximately 10.6 million tuberculosis patients worldwide in 2021, an increase of 4.5 per cent compared to 2020, and tuberculosis killed 1.6 million people.
We are one of the most affected countries in the world with a tuberculosis epidemic. China ranks third in the 30 countries with a high tuberculosis burden worldwide, after India and Indonesia, accounting for 7.4 per cent of the global total.
Awareness of sexually transmitted diseases, thereby increasing awareness of tuberculosis prevention and control in society as a whole. For example, in 2019, the Health and Health Board launched the Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases in General Higher Schools, the Action Plan to Stop Tuberculosis (2019-2022) and in 2020 issued the Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of Tuberculosis in Chinese Schools. The policy calls for increased screening of key populations and further strengthening of schools and mobile populations
The company has developed a microcard + card, which allows for the accurate detection and preventive treatment of those infected with tuberculosis. The card (ec) applies to the diagnosis of tuberculosis bacterium infections, and the results of the skin tests are not affected by BCG vaccinations, and can also be used to support the clinical diagnosis of tuberculosis.
Currently, common methods used to detect the lubricant infection of the nodule branch are the nodule fungicide test (tst), gamma-combustine release test (gra) and the nodule bacterium-specific antigen skin test (ec). tst is easy to operate, but the results are vulnerable to BCG vaccinations: gramra, while showing a high degree of specificity and sensitivity, is difficult to adapt due to the complexity of its operational techniques
The test results are not affected by BCG vaccination, and the test results are used in the form of an internal injection without any blood-smoking, easy use, which successfully solves the problem of BCG vaccination and tuberculosis infection, while providing a new and powerful tool for conducting a mass screening initiative, which is expected to become a replacement for tst.
Microcard is the world’s first preventive bioproduct dedicated to ltbi, which effectively prevents the incidence of tuberculosis in people who are in latent infections; it is safe, sensitive, safe, stable, and short-course.
In addition, micro-cards and Iyka can create synergies in tuberculosis control, providing complementary treatment for tuberculosis chemotherapy and bridging the drug gap in internationally relevant areas. Currently, more than 90% of the provincial units in the country have access to official cards and micro-cards. World Health Organization (WHO)
In the latest comprehensive tuberculosis guide published and the manual for diagnostic detection of tuberculosis infection, the company's autonomous product, Iyka, has been recommended for use in the diagnosis of tuberculosis infection and has become the only anti-tuberculosis anti-tuberculosis infection screening reagent in the country that has been selected for assessment. In January 2023, Iyka was successfully integrated into the national health insurance catalogue, contributing to the further expansion of the Iyka beneficiary population and its distribution.
The microcard, the core of the company's tuberculosis product series, was approved in June 2021, marking its leading position in the field of tuberculosis. Ika, as a nodule tester, is complementary to the microcard. Currently, there are a number of institutions in the country that use microcards for screening and diagnosis.
However, due to the effects of the epidemic, the CDC has not given priority to the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis in the last three years, which has hampered the spread of micro-cards and official cards. The number and incidence of tuberculosis in the country are huge, and as the forces of disease control are gradually liberated from the epidemic, the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis is hampered.
The treatment will be refocused to promote the widespread application of microca-Yeka. So we believe that the next few years will be a period of rapid expansion of the country’s nodule market, with huge space for demand.
In the course of clinical trials, the company ' s product matrix for tuberculosis control has been initially developed, with a gradual construction of a tuberculosis diagnosis, prevention and treatment system.1 Innovation-driven research and development capacity for deep farming is being developed
The sustainable development of biopharmaceutical enterprises cannot be achieved without scientific innovation and technological breakthroughs. In laying out the product pipeline, companies are pursuing the development approach of “precision project selection, pipeline development, localization project production”, consolidating autonomous R & D capabilities, developing technical cooperation, continuously upgrading endogenous and outreach innovation capabilities, promoting the transfer of technological innovation benefits and overall upgrading of product R & D techniques.
Autonomous research and development: the company has established nine technology research and development platforms, namely, multi-sugar and multi-smelting protein-combined vaccine platforms, gene-restructuring technology platforms, survival vaccine technology platforms, multi-priced technology platforms, mrna vaccine technology platforms, new technologies
At present, 16 of the 28 projects in the pipeline have entered the registration process, forming eight product matrices. At the end of 2022, the company was patented 42 products.
Market teams, using network advantages, size advantages and professional advantages, have continued to spread extensive and in-depth advocacy throughout the country, which has resulted in greater recognition of the company's products. At present, the size of the company's market teams is 3,359 people, up from the same period last year.
The company operates in a vertical and hierarchical manner, covering 31 provinces, more than 2,600 districts, and more than 30,000 primary health-care centres throughout the country. At present, more than 90% of all provincial posts in the country have a single card and microcard products on the net. The World Health Organization (WHO) has issued a comprehensive guide to tuberculosis (tb) and a diagnostic test for tuberculosis infection.
In the manual, the company's autonomous product, Iyka, has been recommended for use in the diagnosis of tuberculosis infections and has become the only national reagent for the screening of anti-tuberculosis tuberculosis infections in the range of assessment. In January 2023, the card was successfully incorporated into the national health insurance catalogue, helping to further expand Iyka's beneficiary population and to exploit the synergies of the company's nodule product matrix.
At the heart of the series of nuclear disease products, the prevention adaptive disease was approved in June 2021, the first global preventive bioproduct dedicated to ltbi. The synergies mark the lead in the division of the company’s nodule matrix. At the same time, large and capable sales teams made the proxy Hpv vaccine national first in a few years, driving the company’s performance.
2.3. The median analysis of companies in comparison with comparable companies and industries. The Māori rate is lower within the industry, mainly as agent product owners. In 2021, an increase in the share of revenue from autonomous products in the total business income of the company was driven by an increase in the overall Māori rate of 10.1 percentage points in that year as a result of an increase in the sale of the company ' s own products.
In 2022, corporate agent products were rapidly released, reducing the overall Māori level. But in terms of net asset yields, the smart-flying table is now at a better level than in the company. From 2018 to 2022, the net bio-equity rate was 40.78 per cent, and the Division's sales costs remained low in the industry and showed a downward trend from year to year, as compared with corporate products.
Over the years, corporate promotion of proxy products has gained high visibility, giving them a significant competitive advantage in the same industry. Corporate management costs have been at lower levels in the industry, reflecting good public-sector cost-control capabilities.
In conjunction with the above analysis, strategic corporate development planning and market development trends, we are making the following projections (public 1) for the company's main business: revenue from the plate was the company's main business income, income from the plate was 90 per cent of the company's total operating income in 2022. Other matrices outside the matrix are expected to grow steadily, the microcarat + yeka nodule matrix will gradually be released and self-research for 23 vals of pneumonia (flux)
Products such as fission, double rabies vaccine (double rabies vaccine) will either be introduced or will become a new growth point. Taking into account the company ' s trend in cost rates over the last three years, we predict the company ' s R & D rates, management rates, sales costs 4.1.p/e model valuation
On June 2, 2023, 2nd, 2, 2023, Ji Fei Bien p/e (ttm) was 15.10, and the company ' s current valuation is at the lowest level among comparable companies from comparable companies at p/e (ttm) over the same period (note: the relevant indicator is based on the collection of shares on June 2, 2023a).
Biope valuation levels are lower than industry-comparable corporate averages (Note: relevant indicators calculated in a 4.2.peg model of 2 June 2023a, 4.3.dcf model)
(1) Sustained growth rates are measured using slightly lower growth rates than gdp; (2) ps in the dcf model instead of free cash flow; (4) taking into account market risks and the enterprise ' s own risk factors, discount rates include risk premiums.
At the end of January 2023, the company signed a renewed cooperation agreement with Mercerton to continue distribution and promotion on mainland China of Mercerton vaccine products by Ji Fei Bian, covering the period from 2023h2 to 2026, and the parties agreed on a total of over 100 billion yuan per year in basic procurement for various types of vaccines, compared to the 2020 renewal agreement.
With an additional $69.5 billion, the successful renewal of the agency’s powers will provide a strong guarantee of future growth in the company’s performance. The demand for the Hpv vaccine has increased, and the price is now the market’s future trend.
According to our trend toward Hpv, the demand for Hpv vaccines has increased from 940 million yuan to 13.36 billion yuan annually. Companies will benefit fully from the growing demand for Hpv, driven by rising demand.
The penetration rate is expected to increase gradually, and the male Hpv vaccine market has a wide margin of growth. The country ' s Hpv vaccine penetration rate is still at a low level, at a cumulative rate of 3.61% in 2020, compared to 70% in the developed countries of Europe and the United States, the country ' s Hpv vaccine stock market is huge, and there is still much room for improvement.
In China, no male Hpv vaccine product has yet been approved, and the future male Hpv vaccine market has much scope for growth. Now, Mossathon has conducted a ii clinical study on the Chinese male market for a nine-priced Hpv vaccine.
As the forces of disease control are gradually released from the epidemic, the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis will be refocused, thus promoting widespread application of the microcarat. We therefore believe that the next few years will be a period of rapid expansion of our tuberculosis market, with huge space for demand.
The number of product batches is not as high as expected: as the willingness to inoculate downstream and the availability of vaccinations changes, the number of vaccine batches is subject to cyclical fluctuations, and if the volume of product batches falls short of expectations, it will have a negative impact on the performance of the company.
There is uncertainty about time and market recognition. To contribute, the vast majority of the Hpv vaccine market could have a greater impact on businesses if the future is influenced by international relations and by a convergence of efforts.
This report has been produced and published in Hong Kong by H.E. China-Toon Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) and is a 33-year-old voucher dealer with license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.