Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Pharmaceutical biology, company consistency evaluation into the harvest season, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Incident: The company recently received a request for approval from the National Drug and Monitoring Service for a pharmaceutical supplement for ammonium hydrochloride tablets, which was evaluated for the quality and efficacy of the generic drug, i.e., the drug adopted a generic drug variety, about 30 per cent of which is a solid agent type and 70 per cent of which is a liquid type, and most of which requires a consistent assessment
After nearly two years of research and development, the company has now conducted a consistent evaluation of some of its important varieties and has completed the declaration.
According to the data, as of 31 July 2018, the company had declared 12 species for the consistency evaluation, of which 5 were solid formulations and 7 liquid formulations. In addition to ammonium hydrochloride bromine, there are three varieties of capitol, a hydrochloric acid, a Tansorosin buffer capsule, and an Elbesatani, which are about to be approved.
The liquid formulation consistency assessment is being actively pursued. Most of the company’s products are liquid-type, Dosita-type, right-wing Metomi-type sales, and are essentially liquid-type, so the liquid-type is the focus of the company’s conductive evaluation.
Acid right metomic injection fluids, sulfonyl sulfonic ammonium injection fluids, Ilyotoxin injection fluids, Osali platinum injections, iodine gsalol injection fluids, injections of cyclophosphate ammonium, a total of seven liquid formulations, of which Dossi, U.S. and Aquiku ammonium are among the top five species in the company ' s sales ranking, with sales of more than $1 billion.
The year 2018 was the year of the company’s harvest of large varieties, laying the foundation for high growth in the future. 2018h1,19k (Sulfur Pheno Gesten) was approved, officially opening the pace of approval of large varieties in 2018.
The shift from generics to innovative drugs. The shift from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies is taking place in a new development cycle, with Heung Swe medicine (600276), where amortization costs are shown to have an impact.
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): marketing reform drives growth
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Rama Xlantium is overexpected or will become a heavy weight allergen product (2018-03-26)
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Accelerating to become a leading, international-class, comprehensive pharmaceutical company (2018-02-26) 6. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Calteni Clinical Data
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.