Income growth is in line with expectations, equity incentive costs affect performance, research assistant Xu Xu Xu Xuantuan $7,761 million, an increase of 22.32 per cent over the same period, and net return to the mother is $1.910 billion, an increase over the same period.
The income is expected and the cost of equity incentives has a slight impact on current profits. Operating income of 2018h1 is $7,761 million, an increase of 22.32% in the same year, with 2018h1 providing equity incentives to equity incentive recipients.
The Apadaloni company, Apadeni, received 35.85% price reduction in June 2017, increasing by 140%, 157%, and 163%, respectively, as provincial health insurance negotiates a drug policy. As a result of the pressure on pharmaceutical prices, innovation is on the rise.
The company’s important varieties of Dositas and Olisas have fallen by an average of 4.9% and 6.4%, respectively, over the past three years, and its insistence on innovative R & D is in line with the current medical environment and the intense competition for counterfeiting. The research and development effort has continued to grow, with 19k on the market, and the progress of the P.I.C.P.-1 is on track.
The share of sales proceeds reached 12.82%. 19k was approved for listing, and it is expected that the Apadaleni model will be replicated and that 19k will be promoted later through co-operation of the Section; Tritoni is listed immediately, with heavy-pound products on the market, and the latest information indicates that on-site inspections have been completed (late July); pd-1 has been declared
On the market, the country's front-line teams guarantee the market's competitive position. 63.2x, 50.9x, and 40.6x. We believe that the company's innovative medicines are coming to power while health care is complete, and heavy pounds are expected to be on the market in the near future.
Recalculation of the catalogue and bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company's medicines, steady rise in the export of preparations, a rich stock of varieties and a large proportion of research and development inputs will provide a source of momentum for the company's continued development. Therefore, we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Performance rating for Heung Swe Medicine 2018q1: With impact on performance, priority reviews are expected to accelerate the progress of pipelines below expectations: formulation exports are below expectations.
This represents an increase of 22.94 per cent in the same year and a net return of 960 million yuan in the same year, representing an increase of 26.09 per cent in the same year, and a marked improvement in the quarterly rate, which represents an increase of 22.94 per cent in the same year and 960 million in the same year, representing an increase of 26.09 per cent in the same period.
The cost of equity incentives is $161 million, excluding the impact of equity incentives, and we estimate that the company's 2018h1 net profit from the non-repatriation of the product is gradually reaping the harvest period, with the Apadaloni drop of 35.85 per cent in June 2017 and with the provincial health insurance negotiations on the drug policy falling to the ground.
As competition increases, Apadaloni continues to grow at a price. The future listing of pd-1 is expected to be sold at the Apadaloni model hospital in Apadaloni, where the price of the drug is pressured and innovation is on the rise.
Price pressure is clear. The company’s important varieties of Dositas and Olisas have fallen by an average of 4.9% and 6.4%, respectively, by abandoning the previous practice of abandoning Guangdong and Fujian to maintain the price system in the face of growing rivals.
The company ' s research and development cost of 2018h1 was 995 million yuan, an increase of 27.26 per cent over the same period, and its investment in research and development, which accounted for 12.82 per cent of sales earnings, strongly supported the company ' s project development and innovation development. 19k was approved for listing, promising to replicate the Apadaloni model.
The company is expected to promote 19k later, through a scientific association, and the company is expected to promote 19k later.
At present, the country is listed only on curtoll singles and Rapatoni, and the reported accompaniment includes her2 positive breast cancer, with the latest information indicating that an on-site examination has been completed (late July) and is expected to be approved for the third quarter of this year. In addition, for non-small cells, lung cancer, her2 positive late stomach cancer, etc., there will be a further increase in the clinical trial phase, once approved for sale.
Pd-1 has been declared on the market, and the country’s front line has guaranteed a competitive position. pd-1 has been declared on the market, sharing the first line with Junjie and Sindha. Heung Swe is the country’s first firm to transfer pd-1 to overseas companies. Incyte will have the right to global exclusive shr-1210 clinical development and marketing outside China.
(license-out). At the same time, the adjustment of health insurance catalogues and the bidding for medicines will provide a steady flow of pharmaceutical products, a steady increase in the export of preparations, a rich stock of varieties and a large proportion of research and development investment will provide a dynamic for the company ' s continued development.
(a) The company ' s bidding for pharmaceuticals was lower than expected; approval and approval of medicines were less advanced than expected; the development pipeline was less advanced than expected;