Henry Medicine (600276) Ground-based HFCs were approved to further enrich the line of narcotic products in the south-west securities research and development centre.
The company's subsidiary, Shanghai Heung-swee, recently received a pharmaceutical register, which was approved by the National Drug Control Authority, and the production of inhaled ground-based fluoroalkanes was approved.
(suprane), approved for sale by the U.S. fda in 1992. At present, there are no licensed generics in China and the U.S. market except for the original U.S.B.A., with a single pattern of competition, which is extremely beneficial to the company. In 2017, the global market for inhaled HFCs was sold at about 270 million.
In US dollars, the company’s products are now marketed in the United States, the United States, and the European Union (Germany, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands). The future pattern of competition in the US market is similar to that of cyclophosphamide, which is highly beneficial to the company.
The company became the country’s largest producer of narcotic drugs after years of cultivation. In 2017, the company sold $3.6 billion in narcotic drugs;
According to sample hospital data, the company’s sales of anaesthesia in 2017 were about 24.4% higher than those of other companies. The company currently weighs several of the generic drug varieties as anaesthetic products, while the right metomy, heptafluoroalkane, and sulfur are already one billion class ammonium.
The technical barriers to the use of anaesthetic inhalation are higher than average, the intoxication of drugs requires a combination of instrumentation and equipment to be used successfully, and competition is better than for ordinary products at home and abroad. According to ims, the company’s sales of heptafluoroalkane have reached 1.1 billion yuan, maintaining an increase of around 10%.
Like heptafluoroalkane, it is used to induce and maintain whole body anaesthesia in in-patient and outpatient operations for adults and paediatric patients, and it has the advantage of a awakening, low tissue metabolic rates, and forms a complete combination of inhaled anesthesia with hefluorane.
The total amount of sales of the tungsten fluorine portfolio can reach 2 billion yuan, of which heptafluoroalkyl is 1.5 billion and tectofluorofluoride is 500 million. This corresponds to 59 times, 44 times, and 34 times.
The company moves into a new development cycle, moving the company from traditional generics to an innovative pharmaceutical enterprise strategy, Heung Swe Medicine (600276): corporate consistency assessment progressing into harvest seasons (2018-08-03)
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): amortization costs impact on the scale Performance, without moving up to a new cycle
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Rama Xlantium is overexpected or will become a heavy weight allergen product (2018-03-26)
Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Expediting to become a leading, international-class, comprehensive pharmaceutical company (2018-02-26) will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.