Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Pharmacy Organism (VJ) was approved, and anti-cancer was added to the diversity of South-West Securities Research and Development Center (SWVRDC)
Incident: The company has recently received the approval of the National Drug Control Service for the issuance of the Medicines Register, which allows for the manufacture of lots (national prescription h20183378) for the injection of violet sapol (the protein combination), which has been sold globally for more than $1.2 billion in heavy pounds.
Adaptive disorders are transferred breast cancers or breast cancers that are repeated within six months of the failure of combined chemotherapy, and are good products of innovative adaptations to the traditional form of violet ol. They have a clear advantage over the traditional type of agent and the lipid type of agent, with better medications and a minimum reduction in the traditional type of agent.
The product has continued to grow in global sales for three consecutive years, with the company being the second licensed firm in the country, the first of which is the Stone Medicines Group, approved in February 2018.
In 2017, according to ims, all of the country's violet-type products will be worth billions. We believe that national imitation products will be marketed quickly instead of original research products and traditional products, and that the domestic market space is expected to reach $3 billion in the future, accounting for the entire market for violet-type drugs.
One-third ratio. The company is expected to be the largest sales company in the country, with a peak market, and an important node in the development of an innovative drug, with three new drugs and one heavy-pound generic drug expected to be approved throughout the year. From January 2018 to date, the company has been awarded 19k, cylonini, violet sapol, pd-1 and pd-1.
By the end of the year, these varieties are expected to enter the health-care catalogue in 2019 in the form of negotiations, achieve rapid release and push companies into a new development cycle, and move companies from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): The first long-acting insulin was approved for clinical treatment, which further enriched the diabetic pipe 2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276).
4. Henry Medicine (600276): Dyfluoride has been approved for one step to enrich the line of narcotic products (2018-08-07) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.