Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276) was highly effective, with a record and highly successful Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Incident: On 17 August, the company and its subsidiary, Heung Swe, in Shanghai, obtained conditional approval for listing through a priority review process through the approval of the National Drug Control Service for the issuance of the New Pharmaceutical Certificate and the Medicines Register, and the company ' s autonomous development of the Maratonic Cartoni.
The super-pound was fast-tracked, so it's well-known. Gitney was the company ' s first declaration in May 2011 and the first clinical release in May 2012; in July 2017, the species was officially declared production, and the total approval was less than 13 months old.
Rapadeni is facing the head, with excellent pfs (18 months vs 7 months), the main reason why this species is the first in the company’s history and the second in the country to be approved with ii clinical data. With the approval of Kirdini, her 2-positive breast cancer target in the country has brought only a few new and significant changes to the treatment field.
Her2 market, with a heavy load of new drugs, is expected to go along with Hersettine.
A terminal or transient breast cancer patient who has been treated with a curly bead. A pre-use patient should undergo chromium ring or violet chemotherapy. A terminal or transferary her2-positive breast cancer patient can be treated with a target-to-target disease after chemotherapy, regardless of whether he has undergone Hessettine.
It shows that the company is conducting pre- and partial pre-medium or partial pre-meditation clinical trials for her 2-positive breast cancer. So it is likely to become a breast cancer medication in the domestic market, driven by Hersettine.
The market space is huge. There are about 60,000 new positive breast cancers per year in the country and 60,000 deaths from her positive stomach cancer, assuming a 30% penetration rate, and a peak of breast cancer is expected to sell 3.4 billion yuan per year (based on pfs/18 months of drug use).
There are 90,000 patients. Gastric cancer adaptives are based on: 30% penetration, an average of six months of medication, and 1.1 billion yuan in income. The two major adaptive disorders together contribute more than 4.5 billion yuan, contributing net profits. Catalysing companies into a new development cycle, pushing companies from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies.
, maintain the "buy-in" rating. 2. Henish medicine (600276): hydrofluorocarbones were approved and one step enriched with anaesthetic product lines (2018-08-07)
3. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Corporate Convergence Evaluation 4. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Rimma Colon Super-expected production, or will become a heavy weight allergen product
Breast cancer - the first “killer” in women's health. Breast cancer is the first cancer in women and the first “killer” in women's health.
The study, published by the Centre ' s Hercets, Professor Chen Wanqing, among others, in " Conscientiousandmortalityinchin 2013: an an analysisbasedonurbanizelevel " , analyses the incidence of malignant tumours in China in 2013. In 2013, breast cancer among women in China stood at 41.7 per 100,000, and continues to rise.
The treatment of breast cancer is significantly better than that of other malignant tumours, with a mortality rate much lower than that of other tumours; in 2013, female female breast cancer mortality was 101 per 100,000, well below the mortality rate of 305 per 100,000 female lung cancers and only female cancer mortality rate 2 breast cancer treatments - heavy-pound targets poured into drugs.
Breast cancer is very heterogeneous, and is a non-single-molecular disease. With the rapid development of molecular biology, more attention is being paid to the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer indicators and their respective molecular fractions. The main clinical focus is on three types of breast cancer markers: estrogenreceptor, er, and the progsteronereceptor.
At present, the target treatment for breast cancer is primarily her2 target, which is about 20-30% of the total number of breast cancer patients. Her2 diagnosis is used to determine whether the patient is breast cancer.
If the patient is her2 expression, the standard treatment program based on his or her curly beads (Hessetin) has become a standard global treatment program for breast cancer. Currently, several pharmaceutical companies have developed multiple-target drugs for breast cancer, most of which are her2 targets.
Rhode Pharmaceuticals is the most powerful drug in the field of her2-positive breast cancer treatment, with Her2-positive breast cancer treatments, with her3-anti-her2 global sales amounting to $9.6 billion in 2016; and her2-negative breast cancer treatments are now on the market in Pabosini, Pfir.
Three diazzotoni - a heavy-pound species that brought about changes in the treatment of breast cancer - 3.1 was approved quickly and efficiently....The company's first approved species with clinical ii data. July, when the production was officially declared and accepted with clinical data, the priority review sequence was entered in August;
It took less than 13 months for the declaration to be accepted and only about 10 months for the formal review to be approved, which fully demonstrates that the clinical treatment of this type is sufficiently effective and that the current in-country drug review and approval efficiency has improved significantly.
Caldone, from the time the listing application was accepted until it was finally approved, was used for the shortest period of 13 months or so. Not only was it granted for a short period, but it was also the first, and the second (the first in the country) to be approved for clinical period data. 3.2 The therapeutic effects were excellent, expanding the use of breast cancer.
Pyrotinib is an oral, irreversible, pan-erbb receptor ammonium hormone inhibitor (tki), with anti-egfr/her1, her2 and her4 activity. Currently, the same global range as the pyrotini target is similar to gsk Lapateni and Puma, which was gsk in 2007.
The month was approved for maintenance treatment for her2 positive breast cancer after the Hessettine standard. In the area of adaptive disorders, the drug itself is much closer to Lapateni, and the compound properties of the drug are much more similar to those of the drug itself; therefore, we believe that the cure is better than the treatment of Rapatoni, and the side effects are significantly less than the heavy-pound innovation of the drug.
In December 2017, the company released data on the clinical period of the plateni drug, which has had an overwhelming advantage over the reference drug, Rapadalini. In the clinical trial for the treatment of patients with breast cancer who have failed with the lyric and violet drugs and who have had re-emerging/retransferd chemotherapy no more than two lines, the platinum group had an objective mitigation rate of 78.5%, and the control group Rapalongi had an objective mitigation rate of 78.5%.
One month, the pfs of the Rapatoni group was 7.0 months, and the Pfs pfsbilapatoni group was significantly extended beyond the Rapa Téné group by 159 per cent; the progress or risk of death of the patients decreased by 63.7 per cent compared to the Rapatoni group, and the patient ' s therapeutic effectiveness was improved with good tolerance.
In this case, the treatment for late or transient breast cancer patients who have not accepted or accepted the curly beads.
According to the latest clinical program, the new program is expanding its use, i.e., the joint program for the treatment of her 2-positive breast cancer in the early or late stage. The new program is moving to the early or partial stage.
Her 2-positive patients have been expanded to use her2-positive breast cancer for the full-stage treatment of her2-positive breast cancer. According to the clinical program of herlani, this type is expected to achieve the full-stage treatment of her2-positive breast cancer in the future, and can be used for the target treatment of her2-positive stomach cancer patients.
3.3 Based on breast cancer, a market space of more than RMB 4 billion can be calculated at a cost of 10,000/year, assuming a 30% penetration rate, a peak of breast cancer is expected to be sold at RMB 3.4 billion (about 90,000 patients per year according to pfs/18 months of drug use).
Responsiveness can contribute 1.1 billion yuan. Together, the two adaptive disorders contribute more than 4.5 billion yuan, contributing about 1.8 billion yuan in net profits. 4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations 34 times. Marketing reforms, sales scale expansion, and innovative varieties have been sanctioned as catalysts to move into a new development cycle and drive companies to move forward.
The generic shift from a pharmaceutical firm to an innovative pharmaceutical business strategy maintains a “buy-in” rating. Sales of traditional generic products are less affected than expected by bid cuts, re-negotiations; sales of innovative medicines are less affected by negotiated price reductions in the health insurance catalogue than expected; and progress in the approval of research and development varieties reviews is lower than expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.