In recent days, the company's use of purple filamentol (the protein-combined form) has been approved by the National Pharmacy Authority for listing and becoming a member of the National Drug Control Service.
The company is expected to have a consistent assessment of the potential market space for protein-based violet alcohol, which is an anti-microbule drug approved by the National Drug Control Service for treating the diversion of combined chemotherapy failures.
Breast cancer or breast cancer relapses within six months of assisted chemotherapy, fda has approved adaptive conditions such as lung cancer, breast cancer, and pancreas cancer. According to sample hospital terminal data, we expect that in 2017, the species will be sold around $1.3 billion globally and China around $300 million.
Listed enterprises, including companies and quarries, and others such as Ziru and Hae-jung are in the review and approval stage 1. “Communities perform as expected, new medicines have been approved, and the variety has entered the health insurance catalogue in some seven provinces, with a projected peak sales of over $1 billion.
The new package was approved and the pd-1 is expected to be approved in the near future at the first stage of national production: Company 2.
In the near future, the sales peak is expected to reach 3 billion. Another heavy pound of innovative drug pd-1 is now submitted for production and is in the priority review, and we expect to be in the process of on-site verification, with approvals expected for the second half of the year or the first half of next year. Two foreign capital pd-1s are now on the market, with national production declared.
4. Pd-1, a total of four domestic and foreign counterfeits (Hong Sil medicine, kun biology, Sindha biology, Pepsi State). The company is one of them, and the first team is expected to be marketed.
There are currently more than 50 new drug varieties in the company, including heavy-pound varieties such as shr-1316 (pd-l1), shr-a1403 (c-metadc), shr 9146 (ido), shr 1459 (btk). Pipeline revolves around a variety of fields such as tumors, anaesthesia pain, and clinical synchronization at home and abroad.
In the first half of the year, the Director obtained both domestic and foreign clinical clearances and opened up some 11 innovative drug varieties for clinical trials. Given factors such as the cost of corporate equity incentives, as well as the recent listing of a number of brand-new products, we expect Lee Jin-ray to be on the market.
Uncertainty about the price of home-grown generics and the risk of price reduction; inaccuracies in the follow-up to research and development of innovative medicines characterizations that may fall short of expectations: uncertainty about the approval of overseas generics and innovative drug varieties: uncertainty about the impact of zero tariffs on imported anti-cancer medicines on China and on the domestic innovation industry; heavy weight on new products
Markets are not expected to be as expected, or sales are not expected when marketed. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment