On August 16th, Hsingry's 1st class of new martinis was granted cfda conditional approval.
On the market, it is intended to treat her 2-positive late-stage breast cancer. The drug is expected to be Hersettine's preferred breast cancer treatment, with a peak of 2.6 billion in the market for this treatment.
Accompanied treatment is in its clinical ii. By the expansion of the treatment, the market space of Gialyni is being marketed for the first anti-her2 drug in our country with autonomous intellectual property rights.
On August 16, a new type 1 Heung Swe pharmaceutical drug, erin, was granted cfda conditional approval to be marketed for the treatment of re-emerging or transferred breast cancer. The drug was the first anti-her2 drug in the country with the right to own knowledge. It was approved on the basis of the ground-breaking effects of a two-stage clinical trial.
Cde was included in the priority review, which lasted only 10 months, from the time it was submitted to the market to the time it was officially approved. Piccadini was expected to become a heavy-pound antiher2 treatment drug with a peak market sales of 2.640 billion.
The price per capita is about $160,000 per month, which means that the market can sell at a peak of $2.64 billion. As a heavy-pound target for anti-cancer drugs, the future entry into health care will be inevitable, and the market will be further exploited.
The market space is expected to expand with multiple adaptives entering the clinical process. The drug is currently in I and ii stages of clinical research on gastric and non-small cell lung cancers, respectively, while the company is also working on a new aid for her2 positive breast cancer, which is being combined with a three-chocodone with Hercetine and Dosita.
The iii phase of the treatment further expands the range of breast cancer treatments. Thus, it is likely that Pygmy will become her second-pound drug after Hercetine in the interior of the country.
On August 16th, cfda made a conditional approval for the re-emergence or transfer of the new breast cancer drug, the Marathon.
On 26 September 2017, cde was included in the priority review based on the breakthrough effects of the ii clinical study, which was officially approved on 16 August 2018 for a period of only 10 months between the submission of the listing application and the formal approval.
Innovative medicines for diseases that pose a serious risk to life and do not have effective treatments, subject to the requirement that the applicant must comply with a specific requirement for formal approval, are marketable on three grounds, one of which is that, “on the basis of early or medium-term clinical trial data, its clinical benefits can be reasonably predicted or judged to have a distinct advantage over existing treatments, conditional approval may be permitted before a proven clinical trial is completed”
The company will continue to develop the product’s adaptive effects, and the research and development costs are expected to be a breakthrough in the treatment of her 2-positive late breast cancer.
Pythaloni is the transient human skin growth factor 2(her2), the surface growth factor receptor (egfr) double-target gesophrenic stimulant inhibitor. By suppressing the two target points, it inhibits the activation of the downstream signals of the growth of the tumor, thus discouraging the growth of the tumor.
The test is a random, open, parallel matching ii clinical study.
The safety and effectiveness of the treatment of her 2-positive breast cancers (hereinafter referred to as `Palatinate' or `pc') and the `Palatinate ' joint `Palatinate ' program (hereinafter referred to as `Palatinate' or `lc ' ) showed that: Objective Mitigation Rate (orr): `Pc ' orr ' 78.5% and `lc ' orr ' 57.1%; `pc ' orr ' increased by `lc '
\triangleright No Disease Progress Survival (pfs): pfs for pc group 18 January, pfs for lc group 7.0 months. pfs for pc group \triangleright
(b) Risk of death: the progress or risk of death of patients decreased by 63.7 per cent in the pc group compared to the lc group \triangleright
The market is expected to peak at $2.64 billion, with a per capita cost of $162,000, which is approximately $27,000 per month, according to the price-fixing scheme of the Qatar Test.
It is estimated that the average cost per person is approximately $162,000. It is expected that the product will experience price reductions and health care when it reaches its peak. If the price is 50% lower, the cost per patient will be 162,000 yuan. 6.3% of second-line patients will be treated.
Although the treatment approved by Hydenny includes patients who have not been treated by Hersedine, the US nccn guide still uses Hersedine as a first-line drug for her 2-positive breast cancer, and there is no clinical study on hersedine over Hersedine’s head-to-head. Upper Hersedine is still the gold standard for her 2-positive breast cancer patients.
The causative certificate is mainly used as a second-line treatment for her2 positive patients. The proportion of her2 positive patients in breast cancer is about 25%, the proportion of patients who have failed her2 positive clinically is about 25%, so the proportion of patients who are able to use herdeni is about 25% x 25% = 6.3%.
After her approval, her 2-positive late-milk cancer was increased to three in the country, the other two being curlyball monolithic and la Padaloni. Her 2-positive breast cancer first-line therapy is still in Hersettine's hands, but for 25% of Hesettin's failing patients, there are now two options: Rapatoni and Pucardini.
The results of the clinical trials also show that the treatment of her 2-positive latent period in the joint capetana is clearly better than the treatment in the joint capatoni capetabin, and that there are no significant adverse effects.
Hessettine and Rapadeni have reduced their prices by $8,867 per month and $10,500 per month, respectively. The cost per month of use before they entered health care is $27,040 per month, so the price before they did not have an advantage.
Pateni became the preferred target drug for Hessettine’s failure. So it is assumed that 80% of patients entering the second line will opt for the treatment.
Multi-adaptive development is expected to expand the market space, the range of adaptives is expanding, and the company is currently actively developing other adaptive conditions in Gillani, with up to 10 ongoing clinical trials covering adaptive conditions.
There are stomach cancers, non-small cell lung cancers, and although her 2 positive mutations for lung cancer and stomach cancer are about 3% and 13% respectively, lung cancer and stomach cancer are the two largest cancers in the first place, with a large base. Hercetine's adaptation to her 2 positive and transferary stomach cancers has been approved in the country. This proves that treatment of stomach cancer through her 2-point resistance has been clinically obtained.
In July 2018, Heng Swe conducted a clinical trial of the iii of the effects of a study on the prophylactic treatment in her 2-positive breast cancer treatment, which is expected to end in September 2019. The treatment of breast cancer was expanded further.
It is likely that the country’s domestic market will become the second-largest anti-hero-2-pound drug. March 12th, 2018, a thousand miles later – Kyushu-Tun depth report, March 07, 2018.
On February 06, 2018, there was a high incidence of innovating drugs, and the Internationalization Cup was filled with flowers - a health check-up on January 24, 2018 - a study on the health check-up industry - an early start on January 15, 2018 - an opportunity to develop the mutation treatment of immunosupplicants.
The drive for 26 December 2017 — a consistent evaluation of the near-term prospects for good and counterfeiting patterns — the environmental impact of 19 December 2017, where price increases are still within reach — the vitamin industry study (ii) the tipping point of the test 04 December 2017 — the opportunity to develop the treatment of mutation immunotherapy
Prevention of drug shortages, re-checking of price monopolies on 27 November 2017 - Report of the event on the Guidelines for the Conduct of Price Operators of Medicines and Raw Materials Shortages 24 November 2017 Environmental protection, price increases still valid - Vitamin Industry Study (i) Unrestricted demoralized talent on 13 November 2017, each of which serves as a living person - Activation of drug innovation by the system of public permit holders
On November 06, 2017, it peaked on a ridge, looking at Innovative Medicines through the capitalization of R&D costs. On October 31, 2017, a three-quarterly review of the company's stock: raw material preparations were driven by double wheels, the company's performance grew in line with expectations. On October 24, 2017, the industry experienced a boom in prices, and the company's share grew in time - a study of the pharmaceutical industry of hepatomaterials.
On October 09, 2017, at a distance, growth hormones were still on the march.
On the 11th of September of 2017, the wind wave produced a mixed harvest of raw materials - the share of a healthy friend - The semi-annual report of Kyushu, 30th of August 2017: the growth of performance was expected to accelerate the distribution of the national drug distribution network Leupe Medical Care, another potential species - a market pattern analysis in North-West Mondan, 23rd of 2017.
The consistency evaluation of 15th of August 2017 is expected to raise the power of the new drug industry in Kyoto.