We've completed our review of the Quantico Denny, and we're looking forward to fast-tracking performance.
▪ Events: On August 14, 2018, cfda showed that the company's first new type of drug, margaritatic cartini, changed the status of its domestic listing application to “end of approval - pending certificate” and will become the company's third approved chemical innovation drug after Ara Cheeb and Apateni.
In the past, the target for her 2-positive breast cancer in the country was only Rhodes's Curtain, the single anti-gsk's Rapatoni, and the competition was better.
The clinical test results show a significant increase in the middle-level lack of progress and an increase in the objective mitigation rate of 21%. The clinical effect is expected to be rapidly released and replaced with a new profit growth point for the company.
In addition to the approved breast cancers, the studies on stomach cancer and non-small cell cancers are in the clinical stage, and the treatment will expand further in the future, with more than 10 billion market spaces.
It is expected to be an additional one billion pounds of company products, and it is expected to replicate the fast-discharged sales path since the Apadaloni market and drive further rapid growth in company performance. Redirection of catalogues and bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company’s medicines, and the steady flow of preparations for export.
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Pipelines are moving at a slower pace than expected; and formulation exports are exporting less than expected.
2 "Hing Swe Medicine Review: 19k approved " , which is expected to be on the market in the near future.
On August 14, 2018, cfda showed that the approval status of the company's first new type of malonic acid dichotomy has been changed to “end of approval - pending certificate” and we expect that the product will be marketed in the near future as the company's third approved chemical innovation drug after Irie Scheb and Apadeni.
2.1. Palladini was approved for listing, and clinical data are better than the rapid release expected of Rapatoni, which is an oral skin growth factor (egfr) and a double inhibitor for human skin growth factor (2/her2) caramate hormones used to treat late or transferary breast cancer, which is overexpressed by her2.
The main drugs used to treat her 2-positive breast cancer at home and abroad are Rapadeni (Granço Sko, listed in 2013), Puma (approved by fda in 2017, not yet listed in the country) and Orthopaedic Mono (Mart Rhode, 2002).
Her 2-positive breast cancer target is currently on the market in the country only for Hersettine and Rapadaloni. In July 2017, La Patoni and Questadows entered the national health catalogue at reduced prices through drug negotiations, and sales increased at an accelerated rate, with a corresponding increase of 164.08% in the first quarter of 2018, and since March of this year, due to the rapid increase in market demand.
There is a national cut-off in Hürttin. Although the current curding beads against the U.S.G.V. drug has become the preferred option for international breast cancer treatment for her 2-positive relapses, Hessetin has not been able to enter the country for a long time, and Hessetin's treatment of ineffective patients still has a high demand for medical care.
Figure 1: Sample sale of curly beads against sale (millions) Figure 2: Sample Hospital Rapatoni sales (millions) with better clinical results than Rapatoni.
In a clinical trial for the treatment of patients with breast cancer who are treated with glyphoric and violet drugs and do not exceed 2 lines after relapsing/retransfer, the diocloni group, with an objective mitigation rate of 78.5 per cent, the Lapateni group 57.1 per cent, had a median no-progress survival period of 18.1 months, and the Rapaleni group, with a moderate no-progress period of 18.1 per cent.
The group was 7.0 months, with a significant increase in the median no-progress survival period and an increase in the objective mitigation rate of about 21 per cent. The patient ' s progress in disease or risk of death was 63.7 per cent lower than in the Rapatoni group, and with improved patient efficacy, patient tolerance and multi-adaptive conditions entered the clinic, with a billion market spaces driving the company ' s high growth in performance.
Breast cancer is the highest incidence of malignant tumours among women. According to data from the National Cancer Centre, the rate of breast cancer among women in the region registered in 2015 was 3786/10 million, increasing at 3% per year, and China has been one of the fastest growing breast cancers.
After the clinical phase, the future adaptive situation will expand further, with a wide market space, and when approved, it will drive the sales into one breast cancer, with reference to the annual per capita cost of treatment in Rapalyni and Ekdeni, assuming 25 per cent penetration, for breast cancer, stomach cancer, etc.
The market space for adaptation will be 10 billion market space and will become more than a billion-grade product in the future, pushing forward, while the adjustment of health-care catalogues and the bidding of medicines will lead to the release of pharmaceutical products from companies, a steady increase in the export of preparations, a rich stock of varieties, and a large proportion of research and development investment will provide a constant incentive for companies to continue to develop.
The company ' s bidding for pharmaceuticals was lower than expected; approval and approval of medicines were less advanced than expected; R & D pipelines were less advanced than expected; and Antwo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, had an investment advisory committee on securities.