Reversible profitability, overseas productivity advantage, net profit from impairment impact of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre . 2nd quarter, reversibility of the membrane Māori ratio. 24h1 company photo-voltaic film sales
13.90 billion flats, or 43.6 per cent more than the same year, of which sales in the second quarter exceeded 700 million flat, with a small increase in the ring; 988 billion won in the first half of the year, or 3.8 per cent more than the same year, the effect of a sharp decline in the price of primary raw material particles and membrane, and a 27.7 per cent decrease in the average price of 24H1 photovoltaic film, or a 27.7 per cent decline in the second quarter.
Paradox, in the context of the fall in the price of the film in the second quarter, the company achieved an increase in the Māori rate by virtue of its strong cost-control capabilities, profit premiums in the overseas market, and photo-voltaic membranes such as the poo-film ratio increase: 18.1% overall Māori in 24q2 and 2.8pp in the ring ratio.
• Overseas capacity continues to expand in response to the globalization of photovoltaic component production. In 2022, the company started building 250 million permelebrane capacity in Viet Nam, and 24h1 gradually released capacity, while Thailand started expanding production in phase II.
The ability of the film to produce overseas continues to expand, in line with the current trend of globalisation of photovoltaic plants in India, the Middle East, Turkey, etc. The film has been less affected by the recent rise in international trade barriers, and the company has the largest number of overseas component customers, with significant leadership in customer resources, product technology, and cost control.
(b) To maintain stability in production and profitability. The luminous and functional membrane operations have continued to grow, and the profitability of electronic materials has continued to increase. 24h1 companies have shone 73.665 million flat, an increase of 35.8 per cent in the same year; and the revenue of 260 million yuan has been realized, an increase of 26.9 per cent in the same year;
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate continued to rise to 24.1 per cent on a 23-year basis. In the area of membrane, 24h1 companies sold 56.660 million square metres of aluminium plastic film and collected 58.9 million yuan, an increase of 26.5 per cent over the same period.ro supports membranes continue to develop differentiated products, obtain recognition from downstream customers and form bulk and quantitative sales.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company is a photovoltaic film tap, has a significant cost and profitability advantage, and is expected to have a net profit of 21.2 per cent for the next three years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of 21.2 per cent.
1. Forster (603806), high sales of photovoltaic operations, 2. Forster (603806), growth of q3 film sales, and expansion of overseas production to upgrade integrated supply capacity
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.