\triangleright 25/08/2024 \triangleright
Celaline taps performed well and profitablely. 24h1, company sales of photovoltaic membrane amounted to 1,389 million square metres, an increase of 43.61 per cent in the same year, operating income amounted to $9,879 million, an increase of 3.79 per cent in the same year, and sales of photovoltaic backboards amounted to 67,78 million square metres, a decrease of 18.26 per cent in the same year, and operating income amounted to $415 million, a decrease in the same year.
43.53%. 24 years of total photovoltaic industry pressure, due to better market patterns in the film chain, and significant advantages such as company technical research and development, cost control, and customer resources for mainstream components, both within and outside the country, Deng Young-kang
In the future, companies are expected to achieve better returns through differentiated product development and increased overseas sales, reducing pressure from industry factors, smoothing through the luminous industry cycle, and making a better return on the boom.
Jubby's global layout is highly superior and counterproductive overseas. The company took the lead in laying out the capacity for overseas film production, officially launched its first overseas production base in Thailand for 18 years, launched the Vietnamese base for 22 years, and started building the Vietnamese base for 24 years.
Wang has begun to release capacity gradually, while the second phase of the Thai base expansion project has been launched, with the ability to expand negatively overseas. The film has been less affected by the recent rise in international trade barriers, and the company owns the largest number.
Li Hyo Peng, a customer of overseas components, has a leading advantage in customer resources, product technology, and cost control, so Thai and Vietnamese base production is doing well. Companies will focus on expanding overseas production capacity in the future.
The strategy is to actively assess the feasibility and necessity of overseas plants and consolidate the global leadership of the company’s film.
Perimeters, fccl and sibras, 24h1, company sales of sibras were 73.67 million square metres, forest soybeans increased by 35.83 per cent in the same year, operating income was $275 million, an increase of 26.92 per cent in the same year; company functional membrane products increased by 26.92 per cent in the same year.
The leading product of the Ministry of Industry is the aluminium plastic film and the ro support film, with 24h1 company sales of 5.61 million square metres, an increase of 35.54 per cent in the same year, operating revenue of $5.89 million, an increase of 26.52 per cent in the same year. As the market reservoir is being adjusted, consumer electronic demand is weak, and the acceleration of the application of the ai comes to an end, pcb will
1. Forster (603806.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: Entering the new growth cycle, the company ' s electronic materials business is expected to develop at a fast pace.
Forster (603806.sh) Tri-quarters 2023. Assessment: profit phase pressure, leading ability to resist volatility - enterprises, ability to resist industrial fluctuations, maintenance of “recommended” ratings.
Mid 2023 for Foster (603806.sh) reported a marked improvement in q2 vinyl profits and a high level of abstinence 3-year-a-quarter evaluation: profit phase stress, extension & p
5. Forster (603806.sz) Tri-quarter report 2022
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.