Cost control in the field of photo-voltaic membrane, progress in electronic material business Events: The company issued its semi-annual report in 2024. During the reporting period, the company earned 10.76 billion yuan in operating income, compared to the increase in cost control in the field of photo-film, and the advantages of overseas resources were significant: during the reporting period, the company sold photo-voltaic film
A total of 138,906.4 million square metres, an increase of 43.61 per cent over the same period, operating income of $9,875,8544,000, a corresponding increase, the completion of the production phase, the rapid fall in the prices of various types of photovoltaic products and the continuing losses of several photovoltaic enterprises, due to the better market patterns of the company's photo-film links and its technological development in the field of photo-film.
In the first half of 2024, corporate global market ownership increased and profits were relatively stable. * Electronic material business entered a high-speed development period: the main products of electronic materials were photo-dry film, fccl, and radiative coverage.
During the reporting period, the company sold 73.6651 million square metres, an increase of 35.83 per cent over the same period, operating revenue of $275,37.27 million, an increase of 26.92 per cent over the same period.
The company’s clients now cover the dots, the power shares, the deep south circuits, the Xingwang electrons, the electronics for profit, the earthly circuits, the fineness of the Dongsan, the Quest Group, the South Asian circuit board, the Chang Woo Bod, the original and the super-minded.
Prominent clients such as Zhang Wenchen, whose products apply to acid corrosion, alkaline corrosion (figured plating) and m-sap processes, cover the demand for products such as soft panels, soft hard combinations, high layers, hdi, etc., and are raised to bga around high end demand for chips such as ai.
The main products of the functional film material are the aluminium plastic film and the ro support film.
Ten thousand dollars, an increase of 26.52%. Aluminium plastic products from the company, after pre-production and customer validation, are now entering the marketing phase, successfully importing some of the power cell customers, e.g. electronics, Nandu power sources, and so on.
With the expansion of production capacity and the expansion of customers, it is expected that the industry will be further upgraded. Ro supports continue to vary.
The domain continues to function, while at the same time improving the production equipment developed autonomously by the company, improving from multiple angles of formulations, processes and equipment, and increasing the product performance of the supporting membrane.