It's a huge increase in the distribution of the money, a steady leap in values, and a high proportion of the coal that's in favor of ensuring the stability of the company's coal plate profits.
If the mining land approval cycle, local safety checks, etc., leads to a partial phase-down of coal production and the effects of changes in geological conditions. In 2019, the director of the company, s150051911001, was largely stable at about 90%, and a high proportion of the co-coals, partially offsetting the volatility of spot prices in the coal market, ensured that the coal plate was in place.
In 19 years, companies achieved annual and monthly sales of 216 million tons (48.3 per cent of sales) and 180 million tons (40.4 per cent of sales), while coal plates achieved an average sales price of 426 tons (excluding taxes) (2018: 429 tons), a decrease of only 0.7 per cent. In terms of cost, they were stripped more from open coal mines such as Halusin, higher electricity for coal production in the Inner Mongolia region, and lower amounts of victorious open-air minerals with lower unit production costs.
The Third Quarterly Review of China 20191029 (601088) reported a 13.9 per cent rise in raw materials, fuel and power costs for the three companies, in addition to a 27.4 per cent increase in the cost of coal labour in the long term due to rising wages in some production units.
Biannual review of China's 2019826 (601088): The company's coal production is stable and, against the background of a rebalancing of supply and demand in the coal industry, the price of coal is running at a consistently high rate, and the company's high percentage of coal has guaranteed a higher value than the head plate and a robust growth in performance.
The 2020 business goal has been slightly reduced and largely stable.Cinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The company carefully analysed the market environment and operating reality and set a year-round operating target of 268 million tons of commercial coal production, 403 million tons of coal sales and 1451 million kWh of electricity generated from the 9th House of the City of Beijing City, in the West Side, at $216.3 billion in operating costs and $26.3 billion in operating costs. For coal, Victor I's open-pit mine increased its production capacity in 2019 through production capacity.
An increase of 20 million tons to 28 million tons, with a reduction of between 5 million and 13.7 million tons in 2019 due to local land-use targets and a long processing cycle for mining land, was restored in December 2019. The amount of open-air mines in the Black Trench, Burday minerals, affected by changes in the geological conditions of mining, is now stable.
In 19 years, Māori power plate rates continued to rise, maintaining a high-quality asset advantage. Majorly affected by the completion of the company’s joint venture with the national electricity company, a total of 30820 megawatt units of the company’s equity and assets were removed from the generic price of $334/MW, an increase of 5.0% over 18 years, with coal-fired unit generating an average price of 328/MWh, an increase of 4.8% over the same period; the average cost of selling electricity was 4.8%.
(a) Coal-fired power generation equipment at the kW and more power plants averaged 4416 hours and was 169 hours higher, and the efficiency of electricity generation remained stable, with an average power consumption rate of 5.60 per cent for power plants;
The company’s railways show a bright performance. We expect that the combined strength of the company will be further demonstrated as the company’s long-term growth in corporate performance is accompanied by a sustained increase in corporate performance by the Yellow Railway, and vertical integration and development of the railways.
One billion, plus $33.4 billion in property, $28.6 billion in joint holdings, $21.5 billion in investment in debt (loans and state debt) totalling approximately $135 billion, with interest and capital spending at the end of the period, are still abundant, taking into account the late delivery of the Yellow Railway and the completion of the construction of the new street mines.
The company’s cash-cow properties are growing at a high score. Profit predictions and ratings: taking into account the relatively high coal share of the company’s president, coal and electricity integration can effectively counter the risks of a volatile industry cycle, and the significant increase in the company’s share in 19-21, the company’s profitability will be further enhanced by the completion of the later shipment of the Yellow Railway and the construction of a new street mining area.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected macroeconomics, higher-than-expected decline in coal prices, and security implications of corporate mining. \triangleright financial data on the front page of the company report
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering of the China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering of the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management of the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.