In 2024, the bottom line is tracking the pace of demand recovery and the Hainan sealing. Social services, tourism, and viewing areas will be the impact of Hainan’s year-end campaign to stir up Maori rates, stock impairments, etc.
Hainan operates under pressure, but its share has increased, and its revenues below the airport line have risen in a resilient manner. In 2024, companies taxed 16%/- 23% of their sales earnings, respectively, of which 1) China earned 28.9 billion yuan in 2024, and were disturbed by residents’ consumption power, high-end customer diversion, and international fragrance cycles.
Hainan's duty-free sales are under pressure, but are exempt from active adjustment of the class of goods, brand-rich brand share of the 52-week maximum/minimum price ratio. 2) Income from Beijing/Shanghai airport in 2024, benefiting from optimisation of the de-signature policy and recovery of international passenger traffic
The rate of Maori has remained relatively stable throughout the year, with airport rent delaying rates for sales, and the rest of the rates being better controlled. The annual net interest rate on corporate homecoming is 7.6%/-2.4%, mainly as a result of sales rates.
At the cost end, the airport rent-to-sale rate +2.1 pct; the management rate is relatively well regulated by a slight increase of 0.3 pcc; the financial rate is reduced by 0.3 pct. The reduction of the tax-exempt ring in the South China Sea 20201 requires further follow-up, taking into account the progress of the South China seal.
China Free China (60188.sh) - Hainan Short-Term Savings on Performance, New Win and Intra-City Tax Free Shop Increases. Following up on the outlook, 1) with a positive policy boost, it is proposed to follow up on China Free China (60188.sh) - third quarter net profits fall on a year-on-year basis, looking forward to the future.
In January-February this year, China’s customs duty-free sales from the island slipped by 13% on the same basis, with a narrow 22% drop in ring q4, and the continuation of the subsequent marginal improvement trend is still to be observed. In addition, China’s Middle East exemption (601888.sh) – the first half of China’s tax-exempt pressure in the first half of the year, looks forward to a future in the city.
On the one hand, by 2025, Hainan seals were in danger and coexisting, and it was proposed to keep track of Hainan sealing, which China ' s 601888.sh - a quarterly high-base net return profit equals the same, but free of the pre-existing advantage of the central regional commercial layout and the continued build-up of the long-term two-year boom
China ' s performance for 2023 was consistent with that of the Express. 2) Since the release of the New Deal for tax-free shops in the city of China last year, the company has won a new six-city tax-free business, and we expect 12 of its seven pre-existing stores and their shareholdings to be phased in.
The idea of exempting China and China from the core cities, which are largely front-loaded by international tourists, is in turn a much broader tax-free space within the departure city, with the medium line expected to share directly the dividends of the city’s tax-free New Deal. Investment proposals: consideration of short-term recovery in consumption is still to be followed, while taking into account the tax-free market in Hainan from the beginning of the year to the present.
The underlying fundamentals are subject to changes in consumption trends and international fragrance cycles, and the uncertainty of Hainan sealing remains to be followed; however, as a global tax-exempt leader, companies are supported by retail tourism core cards and flow values, and the "South China+ Airport+Intra-Market" channel layout has medium-line potential as a core allocation for optional consumption
The value of production is still in place, maintaining the median “better than the big market” rating.Figure 2: China is exempt from single-season operating income and the rate of increase. Figure 4: China is exempt from single-season net profit and deduction of non-net profits
Hainan operates under pressure, but its share has increased, and revenue under the airport line has risen. In 2024, companies collected 16%/ - 23% of the same income, of which 1) China earned $28.9 billion/ - 27% in 2024, of which Sanya stores/Sea Free/Seaport Free City earned 28% - 28%/ - 18% respectively.
At the end of the cycle of diversion, international fragrance, etc., Hainan is under duty-free sales, but is exempt from increasing the market share of the whole class, rich brands, by almost 2 pccs on a year-on-year basis. In addition, the share-free equity in investment - $5.6 billion is expected to pay evenly for its Henan. 2) Benefiting from the opt-out policy and the recovery of international passenger traffic, 2024 Beijing/upper Beijing/
The annual net interest rate of the company is 7.6%/-2.4% for the mother, and is mainly disturbed by the sales rate. The main business rate is 31.5%/+0.15 pct.
Gold-to-sale rate +2.1 pct; management rate is relatively well regulated with a slight increase of 0.3 pct; financial rate is reduced by 0.3 pct. Sea 20251 duty-free reduction rings need to be followed up further, taking into account the progress of Hainan sealing with tax-free within the city
In January-February this year, customs duty-free sales off the island fell by 13%, 22% below the ring q4, and the continuation of the trend toward improved margins remains to be seen. On the other hand, the China-South closure will be in danger before the end of 2025.
We expect 12 of the seven pre-existing stores in the city and their shareholdings to be gradually converted to business.
The city’s tax-free space is wider, and the middle line is expected to share directly the dividends of the city’s tax-free New Deal. The investment proposal: considering the short-term recovery in consumption is still to be followed, and in the light of the change in the fragrance cycle in Hainan’s duty-free sales from the beginning of the year to the present, the uncertainty of Hainan’s sealing remains to be tracked; but the company, as a global tax-free leader, is retailing tourism.
Heartcards and flow values are supported by the middle-line potential of the "Hainan+airport+Intra-City" full-channel layout, which, as an alternative consumer core allocation, still holds the middle-line "better than the big city" rating. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and by reasoned judgment and conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author