China reported a 24-year period: overall performance is under pressure to recover from consumption Incident: China reported a 2024 annual report: during the reporting period, companies achieved a double profit on operating income, with multiple factors influencing consumption weakness. China reported a 2024 business waiver.
The sharp decline in income and net profits was mainly due to a combination of factors, such as the market environment and industrial cycles. The slowdown in consumer demand made the overall growth momentum in the tax-free sector inadequate. In terms of income composition, the revenue from the sale of duty-free goods was approximately $38,666 million, a decrease of 12.58 per cent; and the sale of taxed goods was received.
With about 17,095 million yuan, or 23,49 per cent less than the previous year, the China-South region, with competition from cross-border power suppliers and sea-coats, experienced a significant decline of 27.13 per cent to approximately $28,892 million. The Hainan region is the core market for duty-free operations, a decline that is far greater than the overall corporate harvest, and is used as a drag.
Key factors in corporate performance. Although the company’s share of the duty-free market in Hainan has risen by nearly 2 percentage points to the highest/minimum price within 12 months of the same increase, the shrinking size of the market as a whole has not translated the increase into growth in revenue.
According to Seaport Customs statistics, in 2024 the Seaport Customs co-ordinated the amount of duty-free shopping in Hainan Island and the demand for duty-free markets in South Island was weak. < < The epidemic affected the performance of the new project. <
The company has achieved a better level of duty-free entry/exit operations within the country, thanks to the expansion of the country of exemption, the transit exemption policy, the increase in contributions >--2022-11-01 and the increase in the number of international passenger flights.
Three issues of the Bay: Cooperation in Taigu Real Estate. Revenue from tax-free shops at Beijing Airport (including Capital International Airport, Dae-Hing International Airport) is on the increase from the same time.
More than 115 per cent of the tax-free hotel revenues at Shanghai Airport (Hinpo Dong International Airport, Rainbow Bridge International Airport) < China ' s Middle and Free Report: Global Tourism Retails increased by nearly 32 per cent compared to the previous year, which shows that as immigration policy continues to optimize and the air passenger market continues to be a reality.
In 2024, the company was able to open up its own channels. In 2024, the company was able to open up its own channels.
At the same time, the company has made progress in the layout of the city’s duty-free shops, concluding agreements for the operation of six municipal duty-free shops in Beijing, Shanghai, Sanya, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, etc.
So far, the city’s tax-free shops have not been able to reach their full potential, and how to effectively expand their customers, scale up their sales, and become the focus of corporate business development. The Māori rate has increased slightly, and the cost rate has increased over time.
26x, 22x, and 20x, concerned about the policy-catalyzed warming of demand and the increased competition for duty-free shops operating within the city, and the risk of declining competitiveness of corporate commodity prices. There is a geopolitical risk of a decline in the number of people entering and leaving the country. There is a risk that duty-free shops will be sold below expectations in the city.
China is exempt from 24-year review of overall performance pending recovery of consumption.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.
I'm gonna need you to approve any machine.