China's Central China Free (601888), 24-year annual report: "Concerning that the tax-exempt policies in the city are on the ground, the slowdown in consumer demand has affected revenue and profit growth: overall, China is exempt from 24 years of operating income and net profits."
A combination of data shows that tax-free commodity sales have an annual Māori rate of 32.0 per cent per year, compared to +0.2 per cent. Demand for duty-free markets in Hainan Island is weak: 28.890 billion yuan was collected in 24 years, compared to 27 per cent in the South China region.
Seagate customs data show that, throughout 2024, Hainan Customs supervised a total of $30.940 billion in tax-free shopping, down nearly 30% from the same period in 2023. The main cause, we believe, was the double blow caused by market weakness and profit squeezes.
In mid-2024, 10 airports and port duty-free projects, such as White Cloud International Airport and Longwater Airport in Kunming, were exempted from active expansion.
Revenues from duty-free shops at airports (Capital International Airport, Dashing International Airport, etc.) increased by more than 115 per cent over the same period, while revenues from duty-free shops at sea airports (Pudong International Airport, Rainbow International Airport, etc.) increased by 32 per cent over the same period
The ongoing rehabilitation of the 24h1 points assessment portal is expected to take the lead right, demonstrating a good recovery in consumption in the exit and exit markets, with a strong potential for development. Tax exemption within the city is expected to bring new growth points: August 2024, on improving the city’s duty-free shop policy.
Good wind: What's the bottom card? The bulletin provides policy support for the operation of duty-free shops in the city.
(b) The opening of the six tax-free shops, including Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Xian, which are expected to lead the harvest in the short term, and we believe that the firm ' s market position is stronger and is expected to recover in the light of the overall trend towards policy support and recovery of consumption,1 and that international tariff policy disturbances affect performance;
Policies fall short of expectations.1 International tariff policy disturbances affect performance;2 policies fall short of expectations.