There is a steady improvement in offshore sales against a high base, with a gradual decline in duty-free sales from Hainan Island, 1q25, waiting for demand to recover, and a steady decline in company operations. 1q25 Seaside sales show a steady improvement against a high base: 1 March Customs-controlled duty-free sales from the sea port.
The sales amounted to $11.3 billion per year - 11 per cent, a marked improvement over the 4q24 decrease (the same figure - 21 per cent). Of these, the tax-exempt sales on the island were less than 5 per cent in March, and there was a significant improvement over the 13 per cent decline in January-February, which benefited mainly from the single-principal price firm.
A steady recovery (year-on-year + 28 per cent) is expected to be associated with an increase in the sales of high billed commodities. The airport channel is based on the Shanghai airport disclosure data, taking into account the q1 international passenger flow at Pudong airport + 30 per cent, but Shanghai airport receives 1.2 per cent of the revenue from tax-exempt agreements and is expected to remain under pressure on Shanghai passenger unit prices.
At a flat level, the financial cost - $200 million - represents an increase of $70 million over the previous year. Overall, 1q25 companies, through a stronger commodity structure, optimizes and sharpens operations, essentially stabilizes profitability in the face of adverse external macro-environment conditions, cutting off non-net interest rates by 11.6% per year - 0.6 pct.
In the context of expanding access to the country, tax-free channels are expected to meet the increase. In the 23 years since the expansion of the country’s immigration policy, the 25-year exit tax refund policy has been further optimized to attract foreign passengers.
The seaboard has been gradually improved, with six of the existing municipal duty-free stores gradually operating + eight additional city-based in-house bids, one that will continue to attract back-to-country consumption and one that will also help attract in-country passenger consumption, especially in the light of the company ' s ongoing collaboration with several national brands and its potential to absorb the rising consumption of incoming tourists in the future.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients, nor is it an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments accurate or complete. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report or that they may be issued in a manner inconsistent with or inconsistent with what is contained in this report.