On 30 March 2025, the demand for domestic stores and internationalization was still under pressure, resulting in improved profitability of airport channels.
In 2024, under the influence of the overall macro-consumption recovery path and the diversion of the outbounds, the Department operated under pressure, of which the q4 battalion received a total of -19% of the same revenue, but improved on the q3 level.
The impact of the exemption from duty on the island was significant, with revenue (including taxes) from Tria and Seagate-related operations in 2024 being equal to -28 per cent, -23 per cent; the return of duty-free sales under the airport line, and the return of tax-free sales at Beijing airport (including Capital International Airport, Dahin International Airport), Shanghai airport (Hi Pu Dong International Airport, Rainbow Bridge International Airport) and tax-free shop revenues at +115/+32 per cent;
Among them, the beneficiary airport rent agreement was optimized, and the Japan Shanghai net interest rate was restored to 3.2%/year +1.7pt. The Fy24 Māori rate rose steadily, and cost controls were strengthened. Companies continued to optimize their commodity marketing structures, raising the ratio of high Māori products to FY24 Māori 32.1%/year +0.3pt.
For airports to optimize their rent agreements, the company’s current costs have decreased in proportion to the same rate, but they have been affected by demand. The same rate has increased in relation to the same period, resulting in a further decline in net interest rates.
The Department has completed the opening of six municipal duty-free shops. In addition, the company has accelerated the expansion of its overseas operations, with the opening of the Singapore airport, the Hong Kong International Airport and the Tokyo silver brand and Sri Lankanca tax-free shop, which are expected to join the national consumer brands in order to accelerate the internationalization strategy.
Perfect and competitive advantages are clear, and the value of the `recommended' rating is maintained for macro-temperature warming.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.