Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Active marketing, cost-control, higher-than-expected performance growth Business start-up strategies are effective, with a significant one-quarter round and same-year rise in performance.
q4 single-quarter median revenues of 1,161 million yuan, or 32.23 per cent ring increase, or 46.32 per cent increase over the same period; Restoring market demand, and effective business start-up strategy. Faced with challenges such as exchange rate fluctuations, 10 per cent increase in the cost of raw materials + during the reporting period, the semi-annual reports show a decline of 2.93 pp for sip and vcs, respectively.
uc tap efficiency gains and a return to rapid growth - 8.4 pp, but companies address macro-level challenges through strategic inventory, with some products in May and September, respectively.
The vcs product promotes the transformation of cloud-plus solutions and raises the billing price. The company's clients are mainly medium-sized and large enterprises, and the company will package and deploy conference room scenes such as clouds, eme, meettingeye, etc.
Sells a complete package of soft-end, system-end to hardware terminals. For example, in a immersion conference room solution, ceilings, walls, floors have sound-sorting, de-symphony features with a full estimate value of several million, which is higher than the sales of pure hardware or software. In addition, there are video dispatch, government construction, telemedicine, double division classes, etc.
The company is a newcomer to the race, has the advantage of reusing the sip audio technology, and is now publishing three products and expanding the terminal.
Product classes. Over the past two years, the epidemic has become normal, with videoconferencing leading to increased demand, and the deployment of offline business communications, which also buys eels, and future growth prospects. Corporate partner equity incentive funds are fully aligned with recurrent overseas epidemics; exchange rate fluctuations; market demand is slowing; and costs are far lower than competitors, net.
Interest rates are on a downward trend and high net interest rates are not sustainable; there are still risks to the sustainable operation of distributors and the contribution of distributors to company performance, based on a study of the 2020 certificate return.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment