\triangleright outperforms expectations and q4-cent profits keep up high on a year-on-year basis. \Triangleright earns $3.70 billion in 21 years.
\triangleright net profit of 402 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 48.29% over the same period, and a record high profit in the single quarter. We believe that companies can still overtake their profits due to multiple adverse effects, such as exchange rate fluctuations, price increases for raw materials, and the hysteria epidemic.
And the high increase in profits, the timely completion of equity incentive targets (3,443 million revenue, 1,598 million profit) and partners Incentive fund targets (3,580 million revenue), reflecting a strong corporate capacity for cost control, supply chain management and branding, R & D, and channel integration.
The market is worried about the RMB exchange rate.
The appreciation has had a negative impact on companies, and we believe that the exchange rate is only a short- and medium-term (1-2 years) perturbation factor, and that the impact on corporate production has been restored, and the company is now fully operational; the overseas epidemic has further stimulated demand for telecommuting, videoconferencing, and the recurrence of the epidemic has further changed people's habits in office life, moving around.
Office communications equipment will gradually be converted from optional equipment to optional equipment, and companies will tend to have high demand for overseas orders, dedicated to the development of new products and the expansion of downstream domestic customers, with a second growth curve to be expected.
On January 20, 20, 2022, the brand-new bh7x Bluetooth Headphones were officially released, and the high-end audio market was launched.
Over-expected performance, high demand from overseas, company operations, complete headphone product lines that match the needs of mixed offices in an overseas epidemic, and company hearing aid products, 200 million network (300.628): short-term performance pressure, sustained
It's also in the R & D reserve phase, opening up new opportunities for growth. Companies are actively working to create long-term competitiveness in the downstream financial sector.
300 million United Networks (300,628). The epidemic disturbs short-term performance, difficult parties show business resilience Investment proposals: based on optimistic judgements about the company's operations, we raise profit projections, and the company is expected to be 2021-
\triangleright's valuation hub is 40x for the last five years, and the valuation hub continues to rise. We judge that the company will have multiple benefits in terms of high demand growth, improved Māori rates, and optimized client structure.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.