Over-performance, high demand from overseas, and the prospect of a turning point in the company's operations Summary of events: On 14 January 2022, the company issued a year-round performance forecast with a projected net return to the mother at \triangleright
The year's performance exceeded expectations, and many adverse factors influenced the achievement of equity incentives. At the median forecast value \triangleright, the company collected 3,691 million yuan in 21 years, an increase of 34 per cent over the year, and, according to Wind, the dollar against the people in 21 years.
A strong appreciation of the currency has had some negative effects. Given the adverse effects of exchange rate fluctuations, increases in the price of raw materials, and the impact of the Xiamen epidemic on overall production delivery in the second half of the year, companies are still able to outpace the high rate of growth in revenue and profits, and meet the target for equity incentives (with a 25% increase in revenue) and partner incentives.
The target (30% increase in revenue) highlights the firm’s strong competitive advantage in branding, R & D, and channels. The sip-phone market has increased further, and new products are moving to the market.
For the fourth year in a row, the company had the first global market share of its Sip in 2020, rising further from 29.6 per cent in 2019 to 34.3 per cent in 2020. According to the idc report, the company ' s q3 videoconference system in 2021 was the second largest Chinese company in the world.
In January 21st, the company launched the uvc20 of the wh6x series and the professional widephone earphones yhs34, among many new items. In the first half of the 21st year, the company joined forces to launch a new version of the conference with the help of the Andrew One machine, meeting bar20/a30.
The most important core supplier of the conference, the company launched the new generation of Quality Smart Usb Conference as a 100 million network (300628) in November 21: short-term performance pressure, sustained uvc34, leading the entire industry once it was launched.
Innovation to build long-term competitiveness 200 million networks (300628): the epidemic disturbs short-term performance, and the dilemmas show business resilience
The return to the mother's net profit of $399 million, an increase of 47.42% over the same period, is largely due to the high demand for mobile office. We believe that the recurrence of the epidemic has further changed people's habits in office life, and mobile office communications.
We're going to achieve a 22-23-year equity incentive for the future. We judge that companies are going to have multiple benefits in terms of high demand growth, improved Maori rates, and expansion of productive capacity.
Twenty-two years of performance are expected to be a turning point, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.