Eastern Wealth: The Fund's business performed well, slightly more than we had expected: on August 2, 2018, the company published its semi-annual report for 2018, which showed a real increase of 115 percent in the first half of the year.
The Fund's business performance is bright and slightly outperforms our expectations. By definition, we have only a 15% decline in the Fund's sales ring, and a 25% increase in the non-receivable sales of the Fund over our earlier projections, leading to a slightly higher performance than we had previously expected (net profit of $530 million).
The central logic is still evolving. The net income of corporate agency vouchers (including seating leases) increased by 52% over the same period, thus measuring the average market share of q2 as an average of 2.27% of the stock market, with a ring growth rate of about 0.34 percentage points.
The album is an increase in the value of the client's arpu, and in the short and medium term it is a transformation of the company's active clients to the securities business clients. According to Irey's consulting data, the company's daily life is close to 10 million and the customer's glued total equity/flow (million shares)
It is significantly higher than other comparable targets, providing ample space for short- and medium-term logical evolution of the company. On 20 July, the company published its subsidiary Eastern Wealth Securities with a maximum/minimum value of 12 months.
The semi-annual financial statements for 2018 differ significantly from what was expected of the subsidiary in the market at the time, particularly in the areas of net interest income and management costs. From this consolidated financial statements, Eastern wealth (300059) has grown significantly against the market.
1) the difference in the net earnings of the subsidiary is that the subsidiary, when calculating the net revenue of interest, includes interest expenditures on the transfer of interest that would show a competitive advantage of the company; 2) the difference in operating expenses is more relevant than our previous explanation,
Eastern Wealth (300059) Two Predictables, the difference is the distribution of costs at the parent level. According to consolidated financial statements, management costs are recognized at profit point - 2018/04/17
Millions of dollars, if the real growth in billboard management costs were to be $260 million, would mean a net reduction of $133 million in other business portfolios. It would be unreasonable to reiterate our logic that the firm’s performance has reached a point where it is expected to maintain a high growth rate over the next three years.
We judge that the company is now in a comfortable development zone with a higher rate of growth - a “double up” in profitability - with a high degree of certainty over the next three years. In addition, the company has considerable potential for profitability.
International operations, small loans, etc.). Based on the advantages of a company’s flow, we are equally positive about other operations, which, if successfully landed, will bring new growth points to the company.
Eastern Wealth: The Fund's business performed brightly, slightly more than we had expected. Eastern Wealth: The Fund's business performed brightly, slightly more than we had expected. Eastern Wealth: The Fund's business performed brightly, slightly more than we had expected.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report