Internet voucher trademark pole, leader of retail wealth management, incident of 02 08/2018: company announcement mid-2018, total operating income of 1,635 million yuan, an increase of 49.44 per cent over the previous year.
RMBs/Equities (prearranged to the parent company’s net profit of $5.2–590 million). Research assistant Ma Xiangyun
The first half of the year saw an outbreak of performance that resulted from the simultaneous high growth in proceeds from fund sales and securities operations (brokering/single), with daily fund sales of 2018h1 amounting to $30,255 million, an increase of 90.8 per cent over the same period (of which the “current treasure” and the first quarter of equity fund boom-driven corporate fund sales).
Revenue from gold sales (financial e-commerce services) grew by 63.7 to 584 million yuan, corresponding to a combined rate of 0.19 per cent, which remained largely stable compared to 0.2 per cent in 2017. We believe that, despite increasing competition in the market for fund sales, companies are expected to remain ahead in the long run, thanks to flow advantage plus customer stickyness.
East Asian securities continue to grow at a high rate, and it is expected to continue to rise in the second quarter: Eastern bonds previously disclosed an increase of 43.9 per cent to $562 million in fees and commissions in the first half of the year, an increase of 14.8 per cent in interest, taking into account the coldness of the secondary market in the first half of the year (a daily exchange of shares).
For the second quarter of the year, we've been able to determine that the stock exchange and the market share of the two-in-a-kind securities are still strong (the stock exchange, the market share of the two-in-one market, rose to 2.2 per cent and 1.03 per cent, respectively, in March). The high growth of corporate securities is due to high turnover and below-the-line growth of brokers, and core competitiveness lies in Internet coupons.
In addition, the medium-term net profit of Eastern securities, from Internet voucher dealers to retail wealth management, opens up future growth space for credit recognition: the company is nearer.
At the heart of the strategy for the year was to marry multiple models of wealth management realization on a flow tap platform, extending from initial advertising/data to fund sales (drivers of first round of performance), portfolio operations (high growth and sustainability), taking into account significant liquidity advantages and customer stickyness at the retail end, and regulators.
In the short and medium term, it is expected that Eastern securities will become the country’s scarce retail sales,1 Eastern Wealth: 2017 Annual Stock Exchange’s Best Marker. In the long run, it is linked to the forward-looking layout of the company’s wealth management business on all lines.
- Successful conversion of retail securities, performance traps, such as fund management, insurance agents, etc.)
2 Eastern Wealth: A Powerful Together Successful Experience in Transition to be the Leader of Domestic Retail Wealth Management.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: strong corporate practices since 2018, fund sales are back on track 3, Eastern Wealth: Zero Transferables + High Growth Performance Reverses in Securities Business, expected East stock market share, performance in the short and medium term
The sales of securities are expected to expand faster, making a sustained breakthrough, and long-term commitment to the development of retail wealth management poles. Companies are expected to maintain a “buy-in” rating of $12.91 billion in net profits in 2018 and $1.855 billion in 2019, respectively.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee