A high-performance report from the Lithium Industry (002466.sz) in East Wu, with an unstoppable grip on resources.
One billion yuan, or 42.72 per cent more than the previous quarter; 1,351 million yuan, or 42 per cent more than the previous quarter; and the increase in performance in the first half of the year was mainly due to the increase in lithium mine prices and sales of lithium chemical products, carbon.
The average price of lithium acid decreased in the first half of the year compared to the same period, but this year the company resumed production at its production base in Zhang Jia Hong Kong, and its performance continued to increase at a higher rate, with sales growing. The industry ' s average price of lithium carbonate last year was 1,475,000 tons (lower than before), while it has now risen from 120,000 tons/tons of carbonate since the beginning of the year.
155,000 tons, with a projected rise in corporate lithium carbonate prices in the second half of the year, and a continuation of the high growth trend in lithium mines in the first half of the year, which will maintain a higher rate of growth. The company forecast a net return to the mother in January-September.
Lithium mine prices have risen, lithium products have been suppressed by raw material costs and prices, and the Māori rate has declined slightly, but sales have increased by a higher margin. Lithium mining collected $922 million in the first half of the year, representing 38.18 per cent of the total, a corresponding increase of 86.09 per cent, mainly a combination of increased sales and sales prices of lithium.
Lithium compounds and derivatives account for 1,480 million yuan, or 61.31 per cent of the total, an increase of 23.13 per cent from the previous year, mainly benefiting from the increase in sales resulting from the resumption of the production of the port of Zhangjia; the gross domestic product rate of lithium products is 69.44 per cent, a decrease of 7 percentage points from the same year, and the resulting cost increases due to the rise in the price of lithium mines.
In the second half of the year, the price of lithium products was expected to increase, and the cost of lithium products was reduced and higher. In the first half of 2017, the company ' s gross domestic product was 68.65 per cent.
At a leading industry level, three percentage points lower than in the previous year, mainly from the same price for lithium chemical products to $100 million, mainly due to management costs for the new cosmos Australia and damage to Jiangsu's rehabilitation, with a cost of 4.15 per cent, almost the same as last year; and a financial cost of $0.07 billion, with the same cost.
The decrease of 71.83 per cent is mainly due to the appreciation of the Australian dollar, which resulted in a significant increase in the exchange rate of the dollar borrowed by Vonfield, at a cost of 0.30 per cent and a decrease of 1.21 percentage points. Lithium carbonate is still in short supply, and the company remains highly mobile. Lithium carbonate continued to be available during the reporting period.
In response, at the end of the reporting period, the company’s inventory stood at 465 million, almost at the same level as at the beginning of the year, with a slight decrease of 1 per cent and a low inventory status. At the end of the reporting period, the company’s accounts receivable amounted to 335 million, an increase of 60 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, but only an increase.
Add 28 per cent; due to increased capacity-building of companies, capital expenditure of 461 million, net cash flow from investment activities, strategic resources for lithium mining, and steady progress in the development of a package capacity for lithium salt, which will benefit from the globalization of electric vehicles. The company subsidiary, Tyllison, has a capacity of 740,000 tons/year, with 49.38 million sold in 2016
Ten thousand tonnes/year, with an investment of $320 million, the construction cycle will begin in the 26th quarter of 2019, with a corresponding increase in the capacity of the company to produce lithium salt, which is currently distributed mainly in the port of Zhang Jia (10,000 tons) and the shooting flood base (17 million tons) and 5,000 tonnes of capacity for lithium hydroxide.
The construction projects in progress include 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide capacity in Western Australia, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2018 and will reach production in 2019; in the meantime, the company intends to build a new capacity in Suning City for the recovery of lithium and lithium raw materials, with an investment of 2 billion dollars in one phase to build a 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent production line, which is scheduled to be launched in 2019.
Lithium resources, a global strategic resource, are also currently active in expanding offshore supply chains, and are expected to benefit greatly from the wave of electric cars overseas. New energy cars are released in the second half of the year, demand is strong, supply remains tight, and lithium salt prices are expected to be high.
This year ' s subsidy retreat became apparent, with passenger and special-purpose car companies adjusting their energy density, recertification, supplier price negotiations, etc., and only in June did new energy car sales reach 59,000 vehicles, steady sales in July, and downstream buses enter large-scale procurement periods and logistics vehicles.
Speeding up the heat, commercial cars are expected to grow even further, while driving cars are expected to grow at a good rate, and sales are expected to increase by the same ring in August/September, and sales are expected to rise month by month, and to be released in the second half of the year. From the supply of lithium carbonate, the global supply of lithium should be roughly at the same level as in the first half of the year.
The supply of lithium acid equivalents is about 235,000 tons, with an additional amount of mtmarion (250,000 tons) from the Lithium industry's shareholding, but due to the start of supply, the actual contribution is expected to be about 20,000 tons this year, with supply and demand still in a weak balance. The battery-grade lithium carbonate has now risen from 120,000 tons to more than 150,000 tons since the beginning of the year, and the next step is below.
Six months of high demand, and supply and demand will continue, and we judge that the price of lithium salt in the second half of the year will fall short of expectations; the price of lithium carbonate will fall short of expectations.