It's decided, the industry's leader is in shock - the Third Quarterly Report Review of Sino-Sin securities Summary Report/Non-Bank Finance
On 30 October, the Chinese Portfolio issued its third quarter report for 2017, which achieved operating income of $28,499 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 5.4 per cent in the same year and a net accumulated return to the mother of $7,927 million, a decrease of 0.18 per cent in the same year, and a modest increase in pers 0.65 per year, with a better performance than that of the same industry.
\triangleright billion dollars, a small decline over the same period. On the revenue side, self-employment, credit operations, large merchandise trade, sales revenues, and other business revenues increased by nearly 80%: IBCO revenues amounted to $3.048 billion.
While there was a 70 per cent decrease in gold expenditure and asset impairment readiness compared to the same year, the increase in the cost of major commodity sales by subsidiaries contributed to a significant increase in other business costs by 90 per cent, which eventually led to a slight decline in the net return on the basis of the return.
Decline in the share of brokering and increase in the elasticity of performance in the self-employment ratio \triangleright $6,578 million in self-investment returns from companies in the first three quarters, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, driving changes in corporate revenue structure
Percentage points; brokering 22 per cent, 3.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year, and firms ' fast growth in pledge of shares, driving interest income growth and increase in share ratio \triangleright
The net interest gain for the first three quarters was $1,952 million, an increase of 14.1% over the previous three quarters, and an increase in the share ratio, with a significant increase in the pledge buyback business, which prompted companies to buy back financial assets by 84.7% over the same period, ranking industry 1st.
In the first two quarters of the year, the number of fund associations showed that companies were ranked first in terms of the size of their management and the size of their active management over the previous two quarters.
Industry averages. Companies are currently investing in ipo projects with more reserves, more active management capacity, industry leaders, three, profit forecasting and investment proposals. Corporate combined strength is at the top of the industry, ipo accelerated investment performance release, and capital-scale industries.
Sino-Sin securities (600030): Industry leaders are strong and the net profit of return is not as high as expected; business income is not as high as expected; market volatility is higher than expected. Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of State Goods, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation, and the Galactic Securities of China.