Life circles are leading the media, positive growth, and low valuations are the best opportunity to set the stage. Life circles are leading the media, and they're in the highest-profile segmented advertising field.
This includes building video media, building frame media and cinema media, whose media resources cover the work scenes, living scenes, entertainment scenes and consumption scenes of the city's mainstream consumer population.
The Chinese advertising market as a whole dropped by 0.6 per cent in the year, but the cinema media, the building video media and the building framework media increased by 44.8 per cent, 22.4 per cent and 24.1 per cent, respectively, higher than the 18.5 per cent increase in the number of online publications, and the ad media owned by the public media were classified as advertising.
The central barrier to the mass media is to pre-empt the advantage of super-high market occupancy. The company is the founder of the advertising industry, which, through a series of mergers and acquisitions, has created an absolute leader in the advertising of buildings.
The size of the media resources available to advertising media operators directly determines the scope, level and dissemination effects of their advertising networks, which are important factors for advertisers to measure advertising operators.
It has a strong bargaining power vis-à-vis advertisers, which allows it to achieve higher single-media output than its peers, and higher single-media output, which allows companies to bear higher rental costs and thus has a clear advantage in seizing building resources.
According to our statistics, there are currently 221 cities with a population of more than 1 million, with a total population of about 509 million.
Even without considering penetration upgrades, the company still has 1.71 million unexplored frame spaces, and its potential for growth is assured. The company’s regular press prices are raised twice a year, the annual price increases are over 10%, and our research and analysis has led to real compliance by the company’s media.
There is no such increase in line prices, the first-line cities have a price increase because of higher rents, higher rates of listing, etc., and the second- and third-line cities have a lower rate of listing without a price increase. The cinema media, which has gradually become the new company’s owner, still have much room for growth.
Based on the country's experience, where pre-screening advertising accounts for 1.2 per cent of the total size of the advertising market, the corresponding size of pre-screening advertising is expected to reach $9.82 billion in 2020, assuming that the market share remains constant (which has been stable at around 60 per cent in the last three years), with companies operating from 2017 to 2020.
The company is highly likely to be undervalued by comparison with the international comparable company De Gaulle Group. The average number of people in the company is 29 times higher in the year.
More growth, higher bargaining power up and down, higher advertising achievement, but lower valuation. 1.22070502_Annual press reports: Companies are undervalued and have a higher investment value.
Growth is strong, with a strong red weight, stock prices are in sharp position, corporate business barriers are strong, growth is determined and values are low, and expectations are high; rental costs for buildings are increasing faster; and cinema media competition is increasing.
The leading role of the media in the world of life, the re-entry of a unit into a second phase, the passive advertising of the head, the full-scale occupation of the mainstream population, and the current main business of the media for the development and operation of the media in the world of life, the main products of which are:
The media in the world of life is one of the sub-sectors of the advertising industry, covering all aspects of the city’s mainstream consumer housing, work areas and leisure areas.
Chart 2: Media framework media Chart 4: Media outlets in cinemas
In July 2005, the company became the first company in the world, with a total investment of $40 million in silver, silver, glory, Goldman Sachs, and so on.
In October of the same year, the company received $183 million for the framework media, and in January 2006 it acquired $325 million for the national second building video media operator, thus laying down the company’s dominance in the advertising market for 2007.
In 2008, the U.S. was hit by a subprime mortgage crisis, and the distribution media in NASDAQ were unable to escape their fate. The market value was only 10% when it was lowest.
In 2011, the company was involved in the "Small Water" incident, and was found to be suspected of overstretched lcd screens, acquisition of bvi, unknown financial movements, internal transactions, etc.
In August 2012, the company announced that it had received a privatization offer led by its director, Jiang Namchun, and in association with agencies such as Kaire Asia, Sino-China Capital, China-China Holdings, Renaissance International, Dynamism, Investment, Source Capital, etc. In the same year, the company launched a new generation of interactions.
Elevator TV, built-in wifi and ibeacon, reverses operations. In 2015, the company returned to the a-share by borrowing the shell 7 and re-entering the path of embarkation.
In May 2003, the media was created to obtain investment in soft and silver, and the “circle building” campaign was launched. In 2004, $40 million was invested, including in Dewey, Goldman Sachs and others.
In July 2005, it was listed in NASDAQ, the United States, as the first unit of the advertising media in China. In October 2005, the acquisition of the framework media was completed. In January 2006, it acquired the mass media and became the absolute leader of the elevator media.
In August 2006, acl. acquired the cinema advertising company, entered the pre-war advertising market, and in 2007 was selected for the NASDAQ 100 Index.
The first Chinese media unit to be selected for the index, in 2007, acquired the Internet advertising business, and the sealed media (selling the advertising business)
After the subprime crisis in 2008, with the lowest market value at 10 per cent, and the sale of the seal media, Jiang Namchun returned to the front line in 2009 to announce the three main sectors of the future.
In 2010, Silver Lake investment paid $124 million in exchange for good shares in the mass media and failed in the marching of the Internet.
In 2011, the “Silling Incident” 2012 saw the launch of a new generation of interactive elevator television, built-in wifi and ibeacon 2012, with a reversal of operations, with an annual profit of $238.1 million
In May 2013, the privatization of the United States stock was completed, and in 2013 the upward cloud computing strategy was introduced, combining the real estate cloud and the 100-degree cloud to achieve a more accurate release.
In December 2015, he returned to the market to become the first to return to the market with a market value of $100 billion.
In 2016, the 100% index share, which is the largest cultural media unit in China's market, grew steadily, with 77% of advertising in buildings.
The decline in the share of media outlets followed the rapid expansion of corporate cinema media operations, which reached 8.2 per cent, 8.7 per cent, 12.8 per cent, 15.7 per cent, 2012-2016, and industry trends: a beautiful view of the weak advertising market.
In 2016, China’s advertising market as a whole fell by 0.6%, and its tradition was wide.
The number of newspapers, magazines and television magazines in the market fell by 38.7 per cent, 30.5 per cent and 3.7 per cent respectively, compared to 22.4 per cent, 24.1 per cent, 44.8 per cent and even 18.5 per cent, respectively, respectively, for elevator television, elevator posters and cinema media.
Some of the advertising media are in the positive and fastest-growing categories of advertising segmentation. Three major factors shape passive advertising, which remains high against a backdrop of a weak overall advertising market.
The central reason for the landscape is that the building media have a mandatory coverage of the mainstream population, high frequency low interference attacks, two characteristics of the audience. These two basic features determine the super-highness of building advertising in branding, which is the cornerstone of building advertising.
(i) Advertisement audience: places to cover the needs of the mainstream population The building media and cinema media, which are run by the public, occupy the life circles of the mainstream population and cover the core life scenes of the main stream of people working, home, shopping, weekend leisure, etc., through their own means.
Seventy-eight per cent of the audience for corporate advertising is between 20 and 50 years of age, 67 per cent of the audience ' s monthly household income is in the mobile Internet age, and the audience ' s attention is very distracted.
(2) Advertisement effects: HF low interference spreads elevator posters are located mainly in community elevators, creating a mandatory view in a closed and small space necessary to create a very high level of advertising concern during the boring hours they travel.
At a very low level, brands and audiences can communicate in depth, thus significantly increasing the real, effective arrival and recollection rates of brand advertisers. HF communication is a powerful tool for advertising brands to capture consumers’ minds, especially when they are new.
HF attacks tend to have unexpected effects when the breakdown is not well known. Hungry?
The number three jumps into the industry after a hit on a rental car in the state of São Paulo to be the first, hungry person in the industry.
The company’s client structure varies according to the socio-economic structure and the stage of development of the industry, and in 2014 the number of advertising clients was 32.06% of consumer goods companies, such as Bounty and Unilever. Three of the top five companies were Internet companies, namely Alibaba, Toyoshi, and Shinzhou, renting cars in 2016.
At the end of the year, three of the company’s top five major sales contracts were also Internet companies, Ali Baba, Booty, Hungry.
The main reasons for this are three: the Internet economy itself is growing faster and becoming increasingly important in economic development; and below-line promotion is an important complement to Internet company branding or product promotion.
Even the main battlegrounds for many Internet companies to market; and three, the pattern of the Internet economy is not yet stable, many areas are even at a critical stage in the cards, and the characteristics of the Internet company Toc make it possible for its advertising requirements to reach enough people and quickly ring brands.
Figure 19: Corporate ads at first glance 3. Corporate barriers: Market occupancy is too high and spread up and down. By the end of the year, the media owned 147,000 of the building 's video media (LCD screens) resources.
The framework media resources, 123,700 (including framework 1.0 traditional posters, 1158,000, and framework 2.0 digital posters, 79,000) all enjoy a high market rate.
The media were divided into traditional frame 1.0 paper posters, as well as frame 2.0 digital posters. Some of the framework 2.0 media resources (34,000) were allocated to video resources in the 2015 annual newspaper, with digital graphic posters more similar in a sense to LCD video resources.
The central barrier to the division of media is the pre-emptive advantage of super-high market ownership. The company is the building.
The extent of media resources available to advertising media operators directly determines the scope, level, level of services, and the impact and transformation of advertising, which are measured by advertisers.
It's an important factor to sue the operator. The market is very well occupied, so it's faced with a strong bargaining power on the part of advertisers, who are able to produce a higher single media output than their counterparts.
The higher single-media output allows the separate media to bear higher rental costs (according to our grass-roots research, because of the higher brand value of the separate media and the subsequent media maintenance capacity, as long as the separate media are no less expensive than the other peers, the building is built)
In addition, companies have a strong deterrent capacity for potential entrants, and on the one hand, potential entrants are challenging to divide the media, which requires a huge initial investment; on the other hand, the building itself is very fragmented and excellent.
Most quality buildings have been locked up for several years (usually 3-5 years), and potential entrants’ attempts to quickly capture market shares have become almost unrealistic. Without size, competition with the media is doomed, public barriers are prominent, and there is little chance that they will be threatened by peers or potential entrants.
Figure 23: The concentration of the advertising industry naturally increases, and the firm’s super-negotiating power is also due to the industry’s characteristic of the company’s highly dispersed upstream resources. In two ways, the highly dispersed structure of the building helps the company secure the industry chain.
On the one hand, the fragmented industry pattern clearly weakens the bargaining power of building resources over companies. On the other hand, the fragmented industry pattern makes it more difficult for firms’ competitors to raise their market share, thereby consolidating the firm’s position as an absolute leader.
4. Building media: sound operation, mining space is still huge 4.1. There is no need to worry too much about ceilings, and there is room for sinking + penetration (1) company penetration and much room for improvement.
According to our research and statistics, companies now have more than 26% penetration in Changchun, Dalian, etc.
There's still a lot of room to increase the penetration. (2) The company does not cover the market. Based on our research and summary, we find that in the cities it already covers, the number of framework resources and the number of people in urban areas.
At present, the number of resources for corporate framework media (framework 1.0+frame 2.0) totals approximately 12.37 million, covering mainly 46 municipalities, with a total urban population of about 214 million.
According to this data, the company has a total of 1,71 million undeveloped framework spaces, out of a total population of approximately 509 million.
4.2. Real implementation discounts, with first-line cities having a basis for price increases
In different regions, companies give different discounts depending on the type of advertiser, ranging from one to four. In general, the first-line city discounts are smaller than the third-line city, and small advertisers receive smaller discounts than large advertisers.
Although the prices of company-based media outlets are rising faster, we believe that the actual price increases implemented by the company are much less than the price increases for two reasons:
Logically: price increases are reversed, only cities with higher rates are equipped with a price increase base, and according to our measurements and grass-roots research, the company media are now on the first line of cities with higher rates of listings, lower rates of second and third lines of cities, and low rates of listings do not exist in cities with low rates of listings.
Bases. We believe that there is a real price increase in first-line cities as a result of the increase in housing prices, but the real price increase in second- and third-line cities is slower and lower in the number of registered houses, and the real rate of implementation is less significant.
Based on our research and calculations, the annual real implementation rate for the company ' s video media and the framework media has increased by about 3 per cent. 4.3. Analysis of media performance drivers in the building
The revenue from the company’s media depends on the amount of media resources available in the building, the publishing rate, and the actual price of implementation. The rate of listing depends on the price of implementation and the effect of advertising, and the price of implementation depends on the effect of advertising.
Physical hardware upgrades (e.g., a new generation of company displays, top of a dynamic screen, three static screens below, hardware upgrades to upgrade single-TV advertising output) and precision marketing further (the Department of Public Information, supported by material data, search data, shopping data, etc.)
At the local level, future companies are expected to use face-to-face recognition techniques to refine them to the individual level of the audience.
Assumption 3: no change in the rate of listing. 4.5. Building framework forecast model for media operations. Assumption 1: annual rate of growth in the volume of media resources in the framework, 2017-2019
Assumption 2: 3 per cent annual increase in the national re-publication rate. Assumption 3: no change in the rate of listing.
5.1. The number of cooperative screens has expanded rapidly, and cinema media have become a new major business. After several years of development, cinema media have become a new major corporate business. In 2015, corporate cinemas, which grew by 51.06 per cent over the same period, accounted for more than 20 per cent of the company ' s total revenues.
The number of corporate cinemas has been growing rapidly in recent years. In 2012, the corporate cinema media covered 2730 screens, and by the end of 2016, the corporate cinema media increased to 10,200 screens, with an annual compound growth rate of 39.1%, which is higher than the annual compound of the national screens for the same period.
Increase in speed (13118 national screens at the end of 2012 and 41179 national screens at the end of 2016, or 33.1 per cent for gagr).
The combination of three main features, the super-advertisement value of the cinema media, the high-consumption population, the impact of the audio-visual and the high-profile nature of the advertising, has given the cinematographic media a super-high advertising value.
1) Targeting of young and high-seasoned consumers: The group of 20-40-year-old young fashioners is targeted by the group of viewers, who have become their core recreational lifestyle, often linked to buying or shopping, so viewers are also the urban core consumer.
2) Visible audio-visual effects: The cinema screens are huge, soundful, and in a totally dark environment, they provide high-quality audio-painting and shock experience to pre-screen advertising, which gives full visibility to the unique quality of the advertising brand.
3) Super-high advertising concerns: cinema environments are simple, subject to censorship, and sound shocks give limited pre-enactment advertising a very high degree of attention and memory, and surveys show that cinema advertising is five times more recollection than television advertising.
5.3. The pre-screening advertising market can be 98 billion, with huge growth space. The pre-screening advertising market is vast. According to the United States experience, the pre-screening commercials account for 5-8 per cent of the total number of tickets, and according to our estimates, the total number of tickets in 2020 is 91.6 billion.
The size of pre-screening advertising will be 4.58-733 billion. According to UK experience, pre-screening advertising accounts for 1.2% of the total size of the advertising market. According to our estimates, the total size of the advertising market in 2020 will be $818.4 billion, and pre-screening advertising will be $9.82 billion.
In 2016, the pre-enactment advertising market was about 3.4 billion (up from 204 million in 2016, up from about 60% in 2016, and up from about 3.4 billion in 2016), accounting for 7.44% of the total year's ticket house. Given that nearly half of the screens in the country have not yet been pre-enacted.
And now that our pre-screening advertising market is growing at a much faster rate than the ticket house, we are optimistic to estimate that our pre-screening advertising market can outpace the United States and reach the British level, that is, before 2020, we have a pre-screening commercial market of $9.82 billion.
In recent years, the market for advertising has stabilized at around 60 per cent before the launch, assuming that the market rate remains unchanged, and Gagr is expected to reach 30.3 per cent between 2017 and 2020, keeping it fast.
The upstream front market is fragmented, with a prominent viewing of the centre. The downstream front of cinema media is fragmented, with the number-first-ranked market holding only 17 per cent of the Mandarin line, and industry cr 5, 52 per cent of the market, bringing greater bargaining power to cinema media companies.
The four largest companies in the cinema media industry are the crystallization, crystallized media, film fashion, and musical media. According to the most recent media network, over 300 cities have been covered by public vision, over 2,000 cinemas, over 10,000 screens, and the largest in the industry.
In 2016, the tickets were distributed across the courtyards to the Guangdong Landyard Line to the Chinese Film Star American Line.
It's a new main line south of China, a digital line for the Chinese cinema, and a joint line for Shanghai.
I'm at the Kanjoo Palace line in Guangzhou, and I'm at the Tianxia Joint House line.
6. The Māori rate will continue to decline with a cost-effective control capacity, and in recent years, the Māori rate of corporate media operations has stabilized at between 72 and 74 per cent, with cinema and industry-owned Chinese-language and city-wide media. In 2015, the Māori rate for Chinese-language media was 55 per cent.
The Māori rate is only 36.41% across the city. Companies have a monopoly over quality buildings in second-line cities, and large advertisers with the greatest willingness to pay and ability to pay have no choice but to do so, and the company’s stronger bargaining power ensures a higher Māori sales rate.
The cost of company rentals increased slightly faster than the rate of revenue, but the Māori rate of company media operations remained stable owing to the decline in corporate depreciation in recent years (the public sector accounts for depreciation on a five-year basis and parts of television and the framework remain operational after five years, resulting in a decrease in the depreciation base).
Unsustainability (the company's new setup of more than 30,000 new-generation screens in 2017 in first-line cities), we judge that the future Māori rate of corporate media operations will decline slightly. The Māori rate of corporate cinema media operations is lower than the Māori rate of building media operations, accompanied by the Māori rate of cinema media operations.
(b) Management costs include employee remuneration, rent, professional services, research and development costs; and finance costs.
This includes interest income, gains and losses on exchange, and fees. The company’s three-fee control capacity is prominent, with a yearly rate of 19.03 per cent for corporate sales, 4.59 per cent for administrative costs and a continuing decline in the division’s three-fee ratio.
7. Leaning artificial intelligence, precision marketing from buildings to personal property clouds, 100-degree clouds, electricity merchant clouds, and the company's precision camp. In 2009, the company created a real estate cloud based on analysis of property data (e.g. community building age, building prices, etc.).
In 2015, companies introduced 100-degree clouds, searching for key words by analysing the 100-degree mobile end, and looking for different consumer needs and brand preferences for different buildings.
In 2016, the company was involved in the electric cloud, working with the electric company to determine the brand preferences and purchasing preferences of different buildings for different fast-distribution items.
Using cloud-end data to determine what kind of advertising the elevator poster will be more accurate, so that the advertiser can create a higher roi, thereby increasing the value of the company’s media advertising position.
The purpose and value of accurate advertising for companies lies in the fact that the Division has been able to achieve a more accurate audience, improve marketing effectiveness, and thereby benefit the company.
At the end of 2016, companies announced that they would launch a new generation of interactive screens, a new generation.
The interactive screens will be sensitive to payment, on-board downloads, face recognition, and so on. The new generation of interactive screens has now entered a wide, deep north section of the building, amounting to more than 30,000. The new generation of interactive screens will have two screens up and down, which can be played independently or in combination.
The new generation of interactive screens is equipped with the most advanced current visual frequency recognition system, consisting of high sensitivity cameras, infrared detection systems, eight-dimensional processors and three-dimensional image recognition systems, with a hand-motion sensor function that greatly enhances the relationship between viewers and advertisers.
The new generation of interactive screens adds a human face recognition function, laying a solid foundation for company follow-on precision marketing. If the exact marketing based on the Ibs is accurate to the building, the precise marketing based on the human face is accurate to the individual, from the location of the building to the location of the individual is another cross.
In the future, the company will record the types of advertising that are of interest to each audience and, depending on the specific audience at the time, will broadcast different ads that will maximize the exact marketing and thus raise the price of the ad.
In terms of Internet finance, companies have invested in a lot of lattes under the technology banner and two products.
In sports and entertainment, the company works to create a platform for sporting and recreational content, including the production and distribution of television content, the production and distribution of films, the production and distribution of sports programmes and the running of sports events.
Companies and source capital have set up a $400 million sports fund and invested $300 million in heroic sports. The Multi-source Fund has now invested in sport social networking platform Gollum and the global famous sports and entertainment fashion company Wme/img.
Figure 48: Distributive media investment packages, taking advantage of their own flow advantages, into Internet finance 8.1.1. Investments in latte finance and "resal" under technology.
In January 2016, the company invested RMB 100 million and won 70 per cent of the share in the crop of technology, with two Internet financial products under the banner of latte finance and payback, one for intelligence and the other for credit card balances.
On the basis of a big Internet data analysis, Latte Finance provides intelligent, efficient and differentiated wealth management services based on a white-collar layer of investment potential.
The team comes mainly from recruiting banks, and has a lot of experience in retail finance. “Real,” starting with the current huge demand for credit cards for white-collar users, provides credit card balance replacement services.
Reimbursing the third-party platform. Using facial, voice recognition, and interactive fraud knowledge, technology controls the user interfaces for letters and has a comprehensive risk response mechanism. At this stage, intelligent clientele and credit products are so diverse that they increase user selection costs.
As a passive advertising media giant, the popular media have a strong propagandistic advantage. The “Nattar Finance” and “Just for the Right” location service groups are mainly urban white collars, while the largest number of urban white collars are in commercial writing buildings, high-rise residential areas, etc., which correspond to the audience for company-based advertising.
With a natural flow advantage, the company will build up 8.1.2. Loans for clients of projects such as the Lacroix. In August 2016, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary established a limited number of microloans in Chongqing City.
The Division (hereinafter referred to as “sub-prime loans”) is involved in net lending operations. The sub-prime loans, depending on the individual credit situation, provide credit facilities such as credit card payments to individual users. At the same time, the sub-prime loans include loans, bill discounts, and the transfer of assets for equity investments with their own funds.
and other operations approved by the municipal financial offices, including loans and discounts, which can be carried out online throughout the country, so that the public media can use the Internet to reach out to individuals and business clients throughout the country.
Development and promotion of advertising can also provide consumer credit to advertisers and promote the sale of advertising products or services. The creation of small loans is an important part of the design of a corporate financial sector development strategy.
To help the company deepen the supply of vertical services in the life circle and expand its operations in the financial sector. At the same time, the company will form management teams, marketing teams, wind control teams and operations teams with many years of experience in the financial sector, through data modelling, back-office design, institution-building, etc.
Measures to effectively prevent, identify and control risks, expand investments in sports, create sports and recreation rings, invest in heroic sports and expand the age structure of the audience
On July 28, 2016, the company raised the hero under the banner of hero fun with 300 million yuan, accounting for 8.242% of the shares, and infiltrated the electronics industry. Heroes' sports are mainly run by the electronics competitions, which are the largest electronics competitions in Asia.
Heroes are the third largest distributor of mobile video games in the country after telecommunications and web-friendly games.
Heroes play with each other to transfer assets and teams from existing electric competitions at fair prices, including, but not limited to, resources such as the Heroes League Hpl branding.
Vr is an important part of the future electric competitions, where hero sports have formed and invested in the U.S. Vr equipment research and development firm, and future developments in vr are also to be expected.
More than a decade ago, the mass media chose the building elevator as a media position, successfully gaining the attention of the white-collar population, creating a unique advertising environment. Similarly, in order to gain the attention of the white-collar population in the future, that is, the younger age group, sports events will become a new medium in the media.
Electronic games are the first sport after 90 or 95, with the mass media deployed from the source of the electronic competitive production, investing in heroic sports that already have a wealth of resources and experience in hosting events, and using the competition to expand their advertising coverage while promoting events.
At the end of May 2016, a sports fund was set up by a coalition of media sources and announced as a round of investment of the 15 million dollar-led social platform, “Grunts” c.
"Cuckoo" develops the arteries of "cuckoo" that start with the equipment that can be worn in the early stages of the country's roll-out of running software and sports platforms, capturing the deep demand of users for "sunning" and "beautiful" farming.
Community operations, strengthening of the user-relationship chain. Currently, “cuckoo” has more than 80 million users, covering 87 countries around the world every day, with users aged 18-40 accounting for 80% of the total number of users.
The community of high-value sports social content, starting with sports data collection and management patterns, is the most important target group: young people, men, and working people.
Users are clearly concentrated in large and medium-sized cities, of which the North is home to one tenth of the total number of users. On the basis of the fact that the current major group is the urban white collar, the collaboration between the crowd and the rumbles is bound to create some synergy.
8.2.3. Participation in sports and entertainment fashion, wme/img, June 2016, where Wme/img received $6,750 from, among others, a public sports fund
Little investment. Wme is the largest player broker in the United States, and img is the largest sport broker. In 2014, Wme acquired img as Wme/img, becoming the leading global sports, entertainment, fashion company.
Wme/img has a core of international entertainment stars and a lot of sports resources, as well as a lot of sports experience.
More than 800 activities, two-thirds of which were sports events and events, were owned, operated or involved in commercial promotions. In 2015, the company and the television company under the banner of Time Warner formed companies and created electric competitions.
In 2017, the company acquired ufc for $4 billion of the best international fights. wme/img was the first time that China had been involved in 2009 in signing a contract with Lena to split funds, etc. This investment will further boost the development of wme/img in the Chinese sports and entertainment market.
Wme/img will also help the decentralized media to develop their capabilities in the sports and entertainment industry chain. Figure 57: Wme/img manages sports events. Cross-country comparisons: corporate valuations are lower than comparable companies.
In 2016, the company’s operations covered more than 3,000 cities in more than 50 countries, with an income of €2,975 million.
Public property-related advertising agreements concluded at jcdecaux Airport, including commercials at the mall, as well as the rental of street household equipment, sale and lease of equipment, cleaning and maintenance services.
Advertisements covering public transport systems, such as airports, subways, buses, trams and trains, and billboard operations generally cover private property advertisements, including traditional large billboards or backlight billboards, as well as neon signboards and billboards.
Figure 63: De Gaulle Group revenue collection (millions: composition of De Gaulle Group collection)
(b) The high quality of the flow and the fact that, although the company performed poorly in terms of its growth, the capital market still gave it a relatively high day, with a lifting of 3,036 million shares, with the capital being invested in the company ' s equity prior to the listing of a stock, mainly in the United States dollar fund, which was involved in the privatization of the United States share of the mass media, such as Keré, Kansu, etc.;
On 17 April 2017, the ban was lifted in the amount of 505 million shares, financed by the participation of the company ' s shares in 10 institutions that had been added to the list; on 31 December 2018, the ban was lifted in the amount of 4,591 million shares, including shareholders in holding shares and a large number of investment entities in the renminbi.
On May 27, 2017, the CSRC issued a note entitled " Shareholders of listed companies, directors and directors of enterprises holding shares, for a period of 90 consecutive days, shall not lose more than 1 per cent of the company ' s total stock stock and 2 per cent of the bulk of the transactions.
With the new regulations in place, it is expected that later-stage pressure will become more manageable. The pressure will be lifted; the macroeconomic downturn has led to a reduction in corporate advertising budgets; and corporate media resources.
The expansion fell short of expectations; rental costs for buildings accelerated; and cinema media competition intensified.