The popular media (002027.sz) are China’s largest outdoor advertising operator, with a dominant market share. Thanks to its remarkable media form, strong bargaining power, and leverage, we believe that the company can do better over the next three years.
Revenue growth at the end of the ten-digit high and profit growth. We adjusted the unit's profit forecast and exit from the market (1) steady growth: due to steady growth in advertising revenue, we believe that the current form of advertising in the mass media is more market value than in the city (rmmmn/us$mn)
(2) Potential acquisition and acquisition opportunities in the relevant business areas: The public media have been actively exploring acquisition and investment objectives in sports, entertainment, and financial science and technology. Given the company’s cash abundance, we believe that it will continue to invest in the business areas, thereby promoting profitable growth.
The media sector has increased to 20 times (referenced to the global industry value) and is still using 8% of the industry’s shareholdings, the potential release of stocks, China’s growth in advertising has slowed, and bargaining power in cinema advertising has weakened.
One deep 300 index (right axis) has a business relationship and continues to seek to develop it. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider this report as a research assistant.
Information disclosure appendix, or contact your investment representative.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm just...
I'm sorry, pmsummarit: undervaluedout-of-homeleader focusmediais themarketshareledrinner-buildingandcinemapre-showadvertising, with strongbargaining poweroverdownstreamplayers, whichsupportsleveredyearningsrowth.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Margins. Wealsoincreasourcerminallearp/eto20from18x, nonowrefering international peers' humanitarianation (previously,wereferencedournamediacoverage) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it for me, and you're going to have to do it for me.
Inner-buildingadvertising: high-value'life'lfecirccle'media focusmedia'srevenuefromlddiaandposerframediahasseentablegroveth (+13% in 2014-16), broadlyinlinewithoveralladvertisingsninggrovethinchina, and Wealsoexpect
a 13% cagrin 2016-21e (stillinlinewithindustrygroveth), drivenbymoreofficebuildingsand resedentialpropertiesincitities.wethinkthesonforfirstgrovethisdueto: (1) exposureto acaptiveaudice: facusmedia' sadresourcesources
(iii) mostof facusmedia'saudinidleclaswithhpurchasingpower;
I don't know, believefosmediaofferseffive/economicallyviablewaystodrivebrand'spenetracyina shortperiodoftime. cinemapre-showads: afastgrowingadvertisingmedia
cinemapre-showadvertisthefastgroveingseggmentoffocusmedia.Theindustrygrew 33/40/45% in 2014-16vs.overalladspendingcagrinchinaof+18% overthesame industryesintablegroveverseviewership (11%cagrthrough202020e), andtheheradvertising
.focusmediahasa 63% sharethecinemapre-showadmarketasof2016, aheadoftheother
I don't know what you're talking about, two-year-olds wannadia and jingmao.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but it's not like I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2%. Wethink innerbuildingsandcinemaadsredwovalablesingmediaandfocusmediavill continuetogrolongstepwiththeindustry.focusmedias 90/70/63% marksharesinner
Building lcds/posterframes/cinemapre-showadvertisingasof 2016, whereitsdownstreamsveryfragmented.asaresources, facusmedia'sbargainingpowerorisstrong, whichleadstort inflation.
6-9% toreflectherverevenueandhermargindrivenbya growingaudice.wealsoadjustour2021eexitp/emulsuleto20xfrom18x, referencing
Historical-average internationalpeervaluations, anddiscountryntbackto2017using 8% secret coe (stillinlinewithournamediacoverage).comparedwith internationalpeers, facus mediahashihergroveth, hihermarginsandstrongerfllow, and doneincreased
I mean, the dividendpayoutratioroom 32%in2015to80%in2016, its2017dividyieldcomestoc.4%, inlinewiththeaverageofinternationalpeers.accreditingly, weenowbelievestestockmelits valuationinlinewiththeiraverepagemultiplehelongterm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
# Inventiveresearch source: companydata source: companydata #
31 May 2017: source: factset, gaohuasecuritiesresearch
We're going to have to get to the bottom of it, crosscheckwithdmvaluation facusmediarisesdividendpayoutratioto 80%inandwebeliethepayoyois likelytobemaintainedgivegetageshbalance.wetustrosscheckvaluation
Methhodogybyderivingtheoreticalvaluebasedon10-Yardividenddiscountmodel(dm), assumingtheothersamesecteorcoeof8%thatweuseOURTargateprice, adtermininalgrovethrate of 2.5% treffectlongtermmgdprowth.wefindthatdmyieldsamilarper-sharevalue (rmb)
May 31, 2017 inner-buildingadvertising: high-value'life 'lifecurle' media
I'd like to thank you for your help, especially for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help, for your help.
I'd like to say that I'm not the only one in the world, and over 50 per cent/40 per cent of the Finnerbuildingmediarevenuesarefromtier1/2cities, webeliethekey driverofrowth, atlasthenextcoupleofyears, whillemaintier1/2citiesratherthan Punerealitier3/4cities, whichweestimatehaveamuchloweradveldvertisatingvalue (i.e. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
-Cagrinthepastworksforfocusmediainthescategory.during 2012-2016, inner-building mediasegmentrevenuegrewfrommb51bntormb7.8bn (78% oftotal2016revenue).
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"Driverofthecompany'stopline, asinner-buildingmediaaccumulation 75%ofrevenue in 2016.geventhecompany'sstrengbargainingpowerantappingleverepage, WEexpecthenger sowhycaninner-buildingmedia, orwhatofusmediareferstoas"
If you're not, you're going to have to do something about it.
It's been a long time since I've been able to get my hands on it, and it's been a long time since I've been able to get my hands on it, and it's been a long time since I've been able to get my hands on it, and it's been a long time since I've been able to get my hands on it, and it's been a long time since I've been able to get my hands on it.
More over, officeandredredentialBuildelevatorsinchinatendtoesmallenclosedspaces inconvenientforversions; partromookatmobilephones, displayscreenersorposter framesinsidesuchelevatorsaretheonlyemstocapturepeple'sattention.webelleveads
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that.
2013-16. ConsistentafoutofofistististialBuildingsdonothoveelevats, and immostallnewbuiltresididialBuildingsdo,weestimatattheaofelevator-enabled buildingshasincreasedmorethan 10%peryearinthepastviews.webelieveagrowing
Audiencewillcreatetheheradverditsingvalue, anddriveveveveveregraughtoffofocusmedia. iii)targedhigher-incomemiddleclas: facusmedia'seddiaarelocatedinoffice buildings, elevator-enablerediibalbuildingsandcinemas, andthusareexposedto
May 31st, 2017, people with higher-than-averageincome.assuch, bebelievefocusmedia'sadresources areofhighervalueandmoreactivetoadverttisers.
(4)lowerpriceantvadsandonlineadstreaming.accordingtoctrmarketresearch, facusmedia'scpm (costpermilleimpressions) inmultiplicitiseslowerthanthecpmof localtevisions, andalsocheaperthanonlineadstreaming, makingitmore
I don't know, economictoadvertisionfocusmedia. (5) highlyfectivewayofbuildingnewbrands.giventheabove, believefocus media'sdisplayedresourcesare themosteversewaytomakeabrandpopularalloverchina
Instrustspaceoftime.Accordingtowpp'sbrandz2016reportontop100most valuablechinesebrands, inthelastworlds, 81% othetop100brandsinchinaave placedtheiradsonfocusmedia'snetworks, subgesting thehighvalueoffocusmedia's
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ Totalareoffirst-clasofficebuildings source: Bushman & wakefield source: companydata, gaohasecuitiesresearch ♪
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, Tier1cities aregrowthofresidediialpropertiesin40largeandmedium revenueperposterframe
I'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry.
May 31, 2017 cinemapre-showads: afastgrowingadvertisingmedia increasedmarketpenetrationkey
icinmaadvertisingisthefastgroveingsegmentofocusamedia, withvevenueup 65/42/51% yoyin 2014-16andonourestematectotorover2021e over 2016-2021e. incinemaadvertising, facusmediarentsprre-showtimeslotsfromcinemaoperosandsellthe
The corecompetiveadvantageoffocusmedialiesina networthbackedbyitsledmarketshareincinemadevertisingandbroadcliet base.asof2016, facusmediacoversmorethan 1,500+cinemasand10,000+screens,
...inthefuture,focusmedia planstoreastainsspreencoveragebypenetringinvoltiercitiesandsigningmoremoremore,weexpecttablemarginsonaidmarksetshareandreactivestrangebargaining
I don't know what you're talking about, pre-showcinemaadsareoneofthefastgroningadsegmentsinchinaasaaawhole, with revenerising 33/40 per cent/45 per cent in 2014-16versustetataladvertisingmarketinkinagainingat about a 17 per cent caproverthesameperiod.tapidgrodhofthecinemaadvertisindustryis
Drivenbyrisingmovieviewership (35/52%/9% yoyin 2014-16) thankstotheboommovie marketinchina. thecaptiveventureofcinemaadvertisingalsounderiasthehighvalueofcinema ads, inourview.
I mean, the Futuredriftheindustryliesintestablegrowlofchina'smovieindustryandviewership, thelaterof whichforeastcasttogroveatan 11% cagrthrough202020202020. anotherdriverishiger advertising coverage.asof2016, only 40% of the ofsreenschinachaveadvertivesoverage, and
By 2021e, thankstomajorplayersreasingtheirscreenpenetation. intheus,grothofpre-showadsisalsoinlinewithmovieboxofficegroveth.in2016,theepre-
The highvalueofcinemaadsresidesinthe heghratiofmillennialmoviegoers, whichisconsidevalabletoadvertisers.
You know, mackeretsize andgrovethofcinemapre-showads pre-showadmarketsetsizevs.boxofficeandtotaladvertising source: entgroup, gaohuasecuritiesresearch
Since 31 May 2017: source: entgroup, gaohuasecuritiesresearch
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Theyarketstructureofcinemapre-showadsissuewhatconsolidaded.focusmediais the largestplayerwitha63% marketsharein 2016.wandamedia, asubsidiaryofbandandams (002739.sz) isthecondlargestplayer, andthethirdplayerjingmaasasubsidiaryof
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Two per cent (asof2016). despitecompetation,wethinkfocusmedia'smarketsharewillellslightlyinclused,becausewanda
I don't know what you're talking about.
May 31, 2017 investmentcompanies, thustainingaccesstoabiggermarket. ascininemainsversioncompanies arestillfragmentedandtheconsolationprocessistslow, vedonotesanenymaticrealrealrealreal
I'm sorry, Tofusmedia'smarketshare.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, since: maoyan diverfiedrevenuesourcesandtrongbargaining power riselingrevenue contractingfromtheinternets-ablesingoraconcern?
In the first half of 2016, 16% of 2014 to 26% of 2016, thankstotherowhoftheinternetindustry.wenotesome concernsoverthismixchanges:someworythatfastmovvingconsumergoods (fmcg) dandautos.
I don't know, why didn't you tell me, why didn't you tell me, why didn't you tell me?
I don't know what you're talking about, facusmedia'srevenousservicesifieriedindicastriesand thecompanyisthus relivelyimmmunefoundistspecificrisk (exhibit28).
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We thinkinnerbuildingsandcinemaadsreaintwovalableadversingmediaandfocusmedia willcontinuetogroveinstep withtheindustry.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
And 63% incinemapre-showads, asof2016.however, itsdownstreamsveryfragmented.in inventing,downstreamplayersarerealestatedmanationscompanieswho apparently, with notionwidadeplayers.incincinemas, fausmedia'sdownstreammustomers
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
And the Grossmarginofinnerbuildingmediancreased 0.5 ppt. the Grossmarginofcininemaads alsoreasedrooms59%in 2014to62%in2015,althoughitedto61%in2016doeto contractrenewals.
It's not like we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to go to the movies, we're going to go to the movies, we're going to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to the movies, we're going to have to go to the movies, we're going to the cops, we're going to the company, we're going to the company, we're going to the cops, we're going to the cops, we're going to the cops, we're going to have to have to go to the next.
The company hasfewwaystomonetizeethehugeaudiennetrafic.webeliathatinvesinginmedia
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the hospital, but I'm going to have to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to the hospital, and I'm going to see you.
I'm not sure if you're the one who's going to do it, but you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it.
The companyhasstatedtitutionsregardingm&aareto realizehermonitationofiontraditiontransactionandfindnewrevenuesources.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Rmb400mnone-offsubsidedyredtoitsa-sharelisting, andmanagementexpects another portionwillwillberegnizedin2017.asthecompanywillcontineutetopaytaxesandisasilable taxcontributortoglobalgovernments, websiteothercovering governsubsadytoaccourtfora
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Seen-offpressurefromlockedshares ondec29, 2016, 3bshareswereunlockedFRromrestriaction, andonapril17, 2017,505m shareswereunlocked. thetotalsharesunlockedaccountfor41%ofthetotalsharesofofthe
Firstdateofunlocalizing, accoundingfor 16%oftheunlockedshares.sellingofunlockedshares;stillunderwayandthesarrescoullpotentiallybesubjecttosell-offpressure,creatinganhowever,wenethatthechinasecuritiesregulatrycommission(csrc) announcedanew
3% of acompany'stotalshareswithinanycontentive90-dayperiod(amongwhochnomorethan1% throughbiddingtransactionandnomorethan2%thoughblocktraining) .weviethisaspositive
I'm sorry, foraucusmediaaswebelieveitcoullgowaywaytoalliveiatingshorttermsharesell-off source: companydata bargaining poweringincininemaadvertising
You know, the bottomstreamlayersincineadvertitorsingarecinematicvestmentcompanies. The marketies fragmented butothereafewlargopelerslidedindicinemanandjinyicinema. The nextstry mightfurthonsolidate, weavefusmedia'sbargainingpoweandposinganupsiderisk
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment environment of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described are growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry), Liao Yiao, cfa: a share of media, a share of durable consumer goods, a share of food beverages and Chinese consumer goods.
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, American Group, Qingjia Haile.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River Shares, Maotai, Guizhou old cellar, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi Wine, Qingji Island Beer (a), Five Grain fluids.a A share of media: Au Fung Recreation, Light Media, Gohua Cable, Jujubner, Blue Light Sign, South-central Media, Distinguished Media, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Myeong Ju, Pinco.
China’s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light Dairy, Modern Livestock, Hua-Yun Entrepreneurship, Mon-Cow Milk, Master Kang’s Holdings, Qingjia Beers (h), Unity Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wan-Chu International, and Eli’s Shares.
Goldman Sachs has received payments for investment banking services over the past 12 months from the following companies: Divisional Media (rmb12.88) Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek payments for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Divisional Media (rmb12.88) Goldman Sachs has had investment bank clients over the past 12 months with the following companies: Divisional Media (rmb12.88)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.