The global leader of the car glass, the rapid growth of overseas operations - semi-annual review in 2018.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated business income of $1085 million in the first half of the year, and increased the value added of the global car glass.
Motorcycle glass, etc., used in Bingley, Benz, BMW, Audi, General, Toyota, the general public, Ford, Chrysler, etc., with a global market share of 25%. Companies boosted value addition by enriching product lines and optimizing product structures, such as packaged products, Hud ups and ups.
Glasses, soundproof glass, water-disgusting glass, spd light glass, plating glass, ultra-violet isolation glass, etc., were the source of income for high-value-added products in 2017.
The company uses a global business strategy to build production bases and businesses in countries and regions like the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan, and South Korea. American factories produce about 5.5 million cars, glass, successfully produced and lost in the last year, further upgrading companies in overseas markets.
Competitiveness. Corporate revenue in the first half of the year increased by 7.15 per cent over the same year, revenue from overseas operations increased by 22.31 per cent over the same year, and revenue from overseas operations increased faster than domestic revenue.
During the first half of the year, sales of corporate car glass and floating glass generated sales revenues of $9,487 million, $1.599 billion, an increase of 12.54 per cent and 35.80 per cent over the previous year. The floating glass increased significantly compared to last year, raising the risk of under-sales by downstream customers, industry policy changes, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.