Glossy Glass (600660) Motors Exchange gain performance, continued penetration of globalized markets, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report for 2018: 2018h1 achieved business income of $10.90 billion (yoy + 15.7%), resulting in a net profit of $1.87 billion (yoy + 34.8%), which is largely in line with expectations.
Ball, the system for measuring the increase in revenue should be close to the world’s full-scale sales. The company’s main market is concentrated in China and North America, and the rise in revenue of 2018h1 is still significantly higher than the corresponding increase in the entire car market (2% for North America and 5.6% for China), indicating that Fukuyo’s global leader is well-established.
The net profit gains and losses on exchange have led to a much higher rate of income growth than the net profit gains and a higher rate of core exchange growth. Companies hold $740 million in foreign exchange, while the exchange rate of $2018h1 has risen from 6.2 to 6.7.
The exchange gains of $60.84 million (the same period was $170 million in exchange losses) were significantly higher. The company’s core profits increased by 14%, compared to the 15% of our company’s core profits in the next three years.
As operations are gradually optimized, it is expected that the US Māori rate will continue to rise, laying a solid foundation for the glorification of globalization. Ten years of “good-quality cow” businesses, industry poles.
In 18 years, as the largest global output, capital spending was $4 billion, while capital spending continued to rise, with growth building blocks set; a cash share of 60 per cent for 17 years and an average cash share of 62 per cent since 2010;
"Significant Cow-type" enterprises operating 10 years' net cash flow positive, 9 years' net investment cash flow negative (which was positive as a result of the disposal of the Hainan building floating glass in 09), 9 years' net financing cash flow negative (not taking into account 1. Fulfilled glass (600660): high income growth, solidification,
15 Hong Kong shares issued finance, 16 years of low-interest super-short-term debt/high returns on investment), “quality cow” and long-term “cow” investment value
The risk of Chinese-American trade frictions having an impact on Chinese-owned enterprises has not been, has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.