During the year, companies benefited from enhanced marketing, optimized product structure and the release of plant capacity in the United States.
Among them, revenue from automobile glass operations reached $9,487 million, compared with growth in the structure of the same company, which grew by 7.15 per cent in the same year, higher than the output of the automobile industry, and foreign operations, driven by a significant increase in the United States factory harvest, which is the same.
This is a 22.31% increase, far from the increase in revenues from domestic operations. * Cost controls are reasonable, and exchange gains significantly boost the net profits of companies.
During the reporting period, exchange gains of RMB 61 million were recorded, while exchange losses of RMB 171 million were incurred during the same period last year, resulting in a 34.8 per cent increase in the net profit of the company over the same period.
Long stock price performance (last year). It is a matter of concern that the company ' s sales and management rates fell by 0.14 and 0.12 percentage points, respectively, during the reporting period, reflecting the company ' s management and efficiency.
The Māori rate was 41.96% in the first half of the year, down 1.02 percentage points in the same year, but the ring increased the price of the car glass by 0.05 % in the first quarter and the business pattern was better. In 2017, the company ' s car glass was better.
Sales amounted to 113 million square metres, an increase of 6.33 per cent over the same period, and car glass was measured at 166.16 per cent per square metre per unit, car glass business at 5.90 per cent, and the current prices were up. We expect the future to show up with company-backed products, hud.
With a rising proportion of high-value-added products, such as glass, soundproof glass, and water-bossed glass, the company’s car glass is expected to remain at a very high price. In the future, overseas markets are expected to provide growing power.
State Limited (including its 100% holding subsidiary) has generated $1.681 billion, a net profit of $127 million, and has continued to contribute to the growth of the profits after the loss was reversed in the second half of 17 years. At the same time, the company’s Russian factory is on the path of virtuous development, with German workers.
The start of construction has begun, and globalization is beginning to bear fruit. The growth of corporate income abroad is now higher than in the country, and the growth of companies will continue to improve as overseas capacity is released, and the impact of the renminbi exchange rate on company performance is expected to stabilize in the future.
It is determined that, at the same time, while overseas markets are expected to provide new growth space, we maintain the firm’s “carefully recommended” investment ratings, and so on; (3) the United States company’s unprofitable; and (4) the cost of raw materials continues.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.