Building banks (601939): three-quarterly review of 2020 asset quality pressure demonstrated and market expectations stabilized Events: construction banks earned $5,714.35 million in operating income in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 5.89 per cent over the same period;
The net profit attributable to the Bank's shareholders was $20,583.2 million, a growth rate of 8.66 per cent, corresponding to 0.82 dollars for the forecast of profits and investment rating: the State-owned bank, which is the mainstay of this year's “concessional entity”, has fully anticipated market pressure on the indicators of profit and increase, net interest differentials and asset quality, and the valuation has been sufficiently counterproductive.
As the macro-environment warms, the market’s confidence in state-owned businesses stabilizes, and current concerns about the readjustment of the red ratio weakens, we judge that the expected improvement in the market will be ahead of net interest differentials and capital.
Considering that the valuation is clearly low, the “buy-in” rating is still maintained.  The construction bank’s overall performance is in line with expectations, with a narrow profit cut in three quarters but a low income growth rate.
Loans are heavily priced and net interest differentials may still fall slightly.2 Net interest income for the first three quarters has remained at a low rate of income growth, mainly affected by interest rate fluctuations (fair value losses).3 Cost revenue for the first three quarters decreased by 0.93 pct to 22.18 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, making a positive contribution to roa, but credit
In the loan structure, private loans are 37% lower in the third quarter. According to the central bank’s disclosure of its own foreign currency credit balance sheet, the third quarter of the country’s loan chain is the third quarter of the country’s population.
With 4.4 per cent growth, 1.5 per cent growth in business loans, considering the construction of banks as leading mortgages and credit cards, the year-round reviews: assets are of good quality only to be expected to accelerate the growth of personal consumer-type loans in the third quarter.
Real good! 2020-04-29 to 53.96%, reflecting intense competition in market deposits, particularly in the second quarter, where structural deposits are subject to regulatory restrictions and farce market competition, and the expected gradual improvement in the pressure on deposits as the playing environment eases in the future.
At the end of the third quarter of the construction bank, the negative rate ring continued up by 4 bp to 1.53%, up 11 bp from the beginning of the period, but the market was expected to do so. At the end of the third quarter, in the event of an increase in the negative rate and a reduction in the credit impairment ring, the provision was made.
The uncertainty of asset quality pressure, which is at the heart of the current pressure on valuations, is a major credit investment by the big bank as a concession entity. It is now widely expected that the asset quality risk profile of the state-owned bank may be phased out in the first half of next year, and we judge that the credit risk pressure will become apparent from this three-quarterly report.
As the macro-environment improves, market concerns will weaken and business is expected to begin to stabilize.
Figure 10: Ratio of construction bank cost income to annualized non-performing loans = (net increase in non-performing loans + size of write-off)
Annual credit cost = average daily balance of credit assets impairment/loans and advances