China Air (60111.sh)
Airfields Proprietary quality, industry oligarchic valuation for repair Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
In March 2017, the company completed a targeted increase in the amount of $11.2 billion in net funds raised. This increase helped to increase the size of the operation and improve its negative impact.
At the same time, an increase in the size of the State Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund, which contributes 1.8 billion yuan, became the seventh largest shareholder in China’s State Aviation. The entry of the State Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund has re-enforced the expectations of the State Aviation Reprofiling and has pushed the State Aviation into a mixed position again.
With the introduction of a mixed ownership reform of air freight logistics, we expect that the mix is expected to come down gradually. A differentiated strategy is being pursued, with high-quality routes to boost profitability: the consumer properties of our civil aviation industry are growing, the climate is recovering, and demand is returning from the international stream.
In the new environment, China’s national airline has adopted a heavy-price strategy to significantly reduce international shipping, attempting to seize the opportunity of recovery of domestic demand, raise the number of guests, and raise the prices of the business sector by warming up with the arrival of the season. At the same time, China’s national airline has actively secured high-quality routes, raising company revenue.
1. “Good supply and demand, a return in passenger occupancy, a loss in exchange of good quality, a better rate of Maori and a better return per earner than Southern and Eastern Airlines.” In addition, Shenzhen Aviation is growing faster among its subsidiaries, contributing significantly to the performance of its parent company.
“Hansa's conglomerates have increased, and direct declines have been effective - the impact of oil prices and exchange rates on performance has declined: in the first quarter of 2017, the average price of Brent crude oil increased by 36 per cent on average, which is expected to push airlines to keep their profits on par. After one quarter, oil prices are expected to stabilize.
On the exchange rate, China's navigation began to change the structure of the currency of indebtedness and actively reduced the dollar debt.
The dollar debt ratio fell to 49% at the end of 2016, and plans to continue to reduce the dollar liability level to 35% this year, significantly reducing exchange-rate risk. The frontline industry looks forward to re-evaluation: our civil aviation industry is a typical monopoly industry with a more structured pattern.
But the US oligopoly airline, after a period of strong profit week, valued the pb more than 2.5 times. After the second quarter, the industry is expected to recover, and the exchange rate of oil prices was exhausted in the previous period, and there is scope for China’s navigation to recover the valuation.
China National Airlines has an absolute advantage at the hub in Beijing, and international routes are well-positioned and well-cultivated in high-quality markets; a price-priority strategy will be adopted that will fully benefit from the improved performance associated with warmer fares as the season approaches; pb
Impacts such as macroeconomic downturns, high oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, disease outbreaks and severe weather events. Targeted increases completed, mixed and gradual expansion of operations and improved debt structure
▪ On December 12, 2015, China State Airlines launched the " Non-Closed A Shares Scheme (Revised) " , which plans to continue to introduce all types of aircraft, improve the network of hubs, improve air transport capacity, and improve the implementation of the hub network strategy.
In the event of pressure, the company will issue a non-public release to raise funds of up to $12 billion for the purchase of 15 Boeing B787 aircraft (including other in-board support facilities such as seats), as well as direct sales of electronic business upgrades, on-board wifi (phase I) and replenishment of liquidity.
▪ In terms of raising funds, this increase will further scale up operations and increase core competitiveness, maintaining corporate dominance within the industry: new aircraft will enable companies to capture high-speed civil aviation trends, capture industrial development dividends, and adjust their delivery capacity in a timely manner; “upgrading to generation” has become significant
Effectively, the company ' s expansion of direct sales channels will reduce agency rates and create cost-control advantages, with direct sales revenue rising by 33 per cent on a year-on-year basis to 40.6 per cent in 2016; and the construction of the Wifi on board will increase passenger stickyness and increase demand.
▪ On 14 March 2017, the company issued a report on the issuance of shares in undisclosed shares, which was placed on the market on 10 March 2017.
The total and net assets of the Division will increase in size, and it is expected that the asset-liability ratio will continue to decline to a level where business development provides good security, enhances solvency, effectively enhances corporate resistance to finance, introduces corporate structural adjustment funds, and moves to a difficult position.
▪ A closer look at the target audience for targeted increases, and the participation of China State Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund, Inc., in the acquisition of the purchase, is a matter of concern. The fund, which has contributed 1.8 billion yuan yuan and received 230 million shares in the distribution unit, became the Chinese State Aviation I State Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund, which was established in September 2016 with a total size of 350 billion yuan.
In the area of purchasing and restructuring, the focus is on fostering strong and strong alliances between central enterprises and promoting the restructuring and upgrading of central enterprises. The offer of a targeted increase in shares in China’s air navigation is the third investment that the Fund has made since its inception, bringing imagination to the future restructuring of China’s air navigation and a clear signal of confusion.
In December 2016, at the Central Economic Work Session, it was clearly stated that the reform of mixed ownership was an important breakthrough for state entrepreneurship, with substantial steps to be taken in areas such as civil aviation. 2017 was a year of mixed landings and a year of focused breakthroughs, and that the three major airlines, as large State companies in the civil aviation sector, were once again the focus of attention.
▪ In fact, the navigation had been tested 10 years ago, and China had held a cross-share (currently 18.13 per cent of the fleet) through three Star Programs; in 2010, Thai Airlines had 49 per cent of the interests in the cargo of the State through direct and indirect holdings.
However, in this wave of civil aviation changes, China’s national flight started late. Orient Airlines became a pioneer for this round: on 1 September 2015, Orient Air announced the arrival of DATA’s shareholders, DATA’s departure to the east, and Orient Airlines announced strategic cooperation with the couriers to increase the number of Orient’s flights by $3 billion;
South Air, as the largest domestic airline, is catching up in the field of mixing. First, at the group level, in January 2017, at the annual working session of the South Air Group, it was suggested that this year, “focusing on research is being introduced into the state of the art.”
Internet enterprises, cross-share holdings with global industry leaders or joint affiliates to promote mixed ownership reforms.” At the end of March, South Air announced, American Airlines (americinairlines, inc.) will invest approximately HK$1.5 billion in South Airh shares, accounting for 2.7 per cent of the total share capital, for generations to come.
A series of commercial collaborations, such as code sharing, intermodal transport agreements, and the introduction of China’s state-owned structural adjustment fund, have re-enforced the expectations of the state-owned air movement and pushed the country’s air travel once again into a tangle.
On the evening of April 21, China State Airlines issued an announcement in which it agreed to the reform of the mixed ownership of air cargo logistics by the controlling shareholder, the China Air Transport Group, the implementation of which may involve China State Navigation and its subsidiaries.
At the same time, private logistics couriers, such as Consistence, Circle and Entente, have been introduced, new national shipping companies have been formed, the network of hub routes for national and South flights has been consolidated and the supply chain management and terminal customer resources of private enterprises have been consolidated, and the international competitiveness of our aviation logistics industry has been enhanced.
Civil aviation demand has stabilized, the climate has continued to recover, consumption properties have increased, the air market has grown without fear, and aviation, as a higher-end mode of travel, mainly for business and long-distance tourism, has been able to travel.
The growth of per capita gdp and per capita income will contribute to the steady growth of the airline industry in the long run. Although the country’s economic growth has slowed in recent years, it has had an impact on the growth of business passenger flows, but it has been received per capita.
The driving forces of demand in China’s aviation market remain strong, with huge market potential, as a result of growth, rising consumption, and urbanization. The rapid rise in the income level of the population has expanded the wider personal leisure market, the proportion of private consumption in the airline industry has risen, and the overall demand for aviation has increased at a reverse rate.
In 2015, international shipping became the main driver of demand growth in the civil aviation sector. As oil prices fell in 2015, air fare prices gained a much lower level of space, stimulating demand for private tourism.
In the second half of 2016, the rapid devaluation of the renminbi, the rise in oil prices and the political problems of South Korea in Japan caused by the rapid depreciation of the renminbi, the rise in the price of oil, and the rising demand for international shipping.
International line demand has started to decline, but international lines have been reduced, leading to an increase in overall aviation demand by the end of the year, when international routes have fallen. This reflects, on the other hand, the importance of consumerism in the airline industry. In 2016, the overall, domestic, and international rpk increases were achieved separately.
To look forward to the future, with the growth of disposable income for all inhabitants, aviation demand will continue to grow steadily. Given the continued growth of our economy and the continuing increase in disposable income for all, aviation demand will be sustained.
But the gap is still larger than the mature air markets, such as the United States. In 1971, when the average American income amounted to $4,000, the number of flights per person reached about 0.9, which is about twice the country’s 2015 data.
We still have an average of 10 per cent of our air market during the 13th Five-Year Planners, and we have a steady growth in passenger occupancy, a double-digit growth in the number of aircraft in the civil aviation industry in recent years, reflecting the speed with which the aviation divisions are taking control of the industry.
At the end of 2016, Chinese airlines operated a total of 2,933 transport aircraft, an increase of 10.7 per cent compared to the end of 2015, and since 2016, the rapid growth in aircraft fleets has supported the pace of industrial operations, excluding seasonal factors.
High, civil aviation has grown by 14.3 per cent year-on-year in 2016, although industry supply has continued to grow at a high rate, industry has been recovering steadily since the 2016 season, owing to a steady increase in demand for air travel and a consistent pattern of growth in the number of industry seats.
In 2016, China ' s civil aviation occupancy rate was 82.7%, an increase of 0.5 percentage points in the same year. A closer look at monthly data, which has been increasing for nine months since June 2016, compared to the previous year. In 2017, it is expected that the civil aviation industry will maintain a higher profile as tourism demand becomes more intense and business demand recovers.
Improved availability of and demand for air space, better passenger occupancy rates, higher fares in air or volume, laying the groundwork for higher performance in the second and third quarters of the Department of Aviation.
However, China’s national airline has adopted a strategy of differentiation, which has led to a decline in the supply of the three main shipping fleets to adapt to the new environment in the industry, as well as a decline in the demand for international lines.
The largest reduction, especially on the international line, and the diversion of part of the movement to the domestic level, has sought to capture the opportunities for a recovery in the industry landscape, to raise the number of guests, to take advantage of the industrial boom in the second quarter, to raise the price of hope and to bring about greater elasticity in performance.
From October 2016 to March 2017, China’s air traffic, South Air, and Orient Air’s use of seats increased by 5.5%, 9.5%, and 10.9%, respectively, and the company’s occupancy rate also increased significantly.
China State Airlines’s occupancy rate for this period was 81.1%, an increase of 2.1 percentage points over the same period. A detailed breakdown of the market began in 2015 when, in the context of low oil prices, the Director of Air Affairs was desperate to launch an international route in order to win the right to sail.
The industry has suffered losses, so China’s national airline has adopted different strategies to increase fares. The current market growth is recovering, supporting companies’ strategies. China’s international line layout is perfect, with an international ask drop of 50%.
On the other hand, as oil prices have become the norm, major airlines have become more cost-intensive, unable to increase the supply of long-range routes at will, and the supply of the three international routes has begun to slow down, but has slowed down at the national level.
The fastest. After the fourth quarter of 2016, China ' s national airline was the only domestic carrier in the three major fleets that increased faster than the international line, with the domestic line and international line supply increasing by 7.9-3.4 per cent compared to the previous year, and the German airline Lufthansa, which is in the Federation of Stars, was on 1 April 2017.
At present, both sides account for about 40% of the market share of the Central European route, but they are facing challenges from the domestic aviation division. The consortium will provide additional facilities and benefits by expanding the network of Central European routes, optimizing flight schedules, and sharing codes.
As a result of the reduced impact of the fear, European market demand has recovered, with a prudent drop in capacity and a build-up with the Hansa coalition, and a significant improvement in the prices expected for the European market for China’s national airline this year. With regard to domestic routes, China’s national airline has a temporary advantage at the domestic hub airport, with the capital airport flying.
At 38%, Chengdu's share of flights exceeds 25%, and high-quality domestic routes are rich in resources. At a time when it becomes clear that air demand is shifting from the international to the domestic level, it begins to withdraw its international capacity and transfer it to the domestic level.
When Beijing II is completed in 2019, it will move from the capital airport to Beijing airport II. At that time, 30% of the airport will be vacated, and China will remain the sole leader of the three flights.
In general, China’s national airline will use a heavy-price strategy to optimize profits. Chart 14: China’s sub-season ask ratio
In 2016, China’s national airline opened a new Warsaw route at the capital airport, secured a San Francisco route, and expanded its “one-way” route.
The opening of relevant markets and the enhancement of the network influence of the Beijing hub; the consolidation of the Shanghai International Portal at a time when domestic routes such as San José and Chengdu are open in Shanghai; and the launching of the South China International Networking at Shenzhen.
▪ High-quality airline resources have also improved the quality of the company's revenue, with a significant “upgrading” effect, with sales costs of $5,595 million, $553 million less than the previous year, and revenue management quality leading. Companies' direct sales channels have been expanded effectively, their functions have become more optimized, with a 33% increase in direct sales revenue and a 33% increase in revenue.
40.6% adheres to a sound price strategy, deepens the O&d earnings management system application, and promotes flights pragmatically, refines their management and achieves a steady increase in domestic returns, while the overall returns quality continues to be industry-led. China’s Māori rate has always been better than that of South and East Airlines.
The Māori ratio was 19.6 per cent, 5.3 per cent and 1.9 per cent, respectively, as a result of an increase in the price of oil by 1.4 pts compared to the four periods, while the rates for the South and the East fell by 3.3 pts and 7.7 pts, respectively.
In 2016, as a result of falling oil prices and the greater space available in the air services to boost demand, the three flights experienced a fall in revenue per passenger kilometre: US$ 0.54, US$ 0.5, US$ 0.52, US$ 4.7 per cent and US$ 5.7 per cent, respectively.
And 7.3% of the country’s air traffic was the smallest and still in the lead. Shenzhen Air was a joyful encounter with the Black Swan, and Shenzhen Air was growing faster among the many subsidiaries of China National Air, making a huge contribution to the performance of the parent company.
Shenzhen Air is based on Shenzhen, with a registered capital of 813 million yuan and a 51% shareholding. As at 31 December 2016, Shenzhen Air (Hinchen Air including Kunming) fleet had 188 aircraft of an average age of 5.96.
Seats amounted to 57,831 million, representing an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period; income passenger kilometres were realized by 47,804 million, and in 2016 Shenzhen Air combined operating income of 25,970 million yuan, representing an increase of 8.84 per cent over the same period, and net profits belonging to the parent company of 1,573 million yuan, representing an increase of 114.51 per cent over the same period, net of gains and losses for minority shareholders.
After that, the net profit from China ' s navigation was 11.3 per cent
Shenzhen’s air performance has risen considerably, and is expected to continue to contribute to China’s national airline performance in the future. China’s national airline has completed a cross-stocking program through the Star Plan, and China’s national airline currently holds a 29.9% share in the national airline, which is an important joint venture with China’s national airline.
On 31 December 2016, there were 202 aircraft in the air fleet, with an average age of 9.0. In 2016, the air fleet was able to use 146.09 billion kilometres of seats, an increase of 2.4 per cent compared to the previous year; and the income of 123.480 billion passengers, an increase compared with the previous year.
• However, in 2016, Thai air operations faced difficulties in achieving a net profit of $498 million attributable to the parent company, a decrease of 110.21 per cent compared to the previous year. China Air confirmed the return on Thai air investment - $658 million, a decrease of $1,667 million. For analytical reasons, China’s domestic airline is rapidly increasing pressure on the US-European market.
There is some diversion to Thailand: American airlines have also invested heavily in the movement of U.S. destinations to Hong Kong, putting some pressure on the country’s revenue levels; and fuel insurance has cost Hong Kong $8.5 billion.
Aviation will effectively avoid this risk by reducing fuel hedging positions. In addition, Thailand is actively promoting a cost-cutting plan, building an erp system and creating a business-sharing platform, which is expected to reduce costs significantly in the future and will re-contribute to China’s investment earnings.
The impact of oil prices and exchange rates on performance disturbances has declined, and oil prices have experienced a narrow shock.
The risk of oil price fluctuations is also one of the major risks to airline performance. While major airlines focus on green development, adopting various energy-saving and reduction measures, the amount of fuel consumed by air company supplies is increasing.
Consumption of 66.24 million tons, an increase of 8.4 per cent compared to the increase of 8.6 per cent in the ask.In 2016, the cost of aviation oil from China ' s national airline remained at 25.2 per cent of the operating cost, against a background of low oil prices, as other costs in the main battalion ' s operating costs fluctuated with the price of aviation kerosene.
Changes in the operating costs of major companies and lower net interest rates for airlines will at the same time give rise to corporate profits  due to the lower oil price base in the first quarter of 2016 and 36% increase in the average crude oil price of Brent in the first quarter of 2017, which is expected to result in a larger fall in profits for airlines in the same quarter. After the first quarter of 2017, oil
Prices will be stable, Brent crude oil will have a narrow concussion of $55 per barrel, a narrow season relative to the increase, and fuel cost pressures are expected to improve marginally in the second and third quarters. Given the greater impact of oil prices on airline performance, we estimate that oil price movements will affect China’s navigation.
The sensitivity of net profits. Under the 2017 Brent oil price hub 55/barrell scenario, if oil prices change by 5%, China’s net profit is 12.3% sensitive, as compared to the exchange rate announced by the company in 2016, which is another important factor affecting airline net profits.
When there is a net dollar debt, there will be a loss on exchange if the renminbi depreciates, and the gain or loss on exchange will have a significant impact on net profits. As the renminbi devalues rapidly since the second half of 2015, China’s navigation has begun to change the currency of indebtedness.
By 2016, the ratio of US dollar debt had dropped from 73.48% to 49.12%, trying to reduce the risk of exchange rate depreciation. This year, China National Airlines has targeted US dollar debt.
However, due to the decline in the dollar debt ratio, the net loss on exchange in 2016 was $4.234 billion, a decrease of $922 million compared to the previous year. The exchange rate of the renminbi against the dollar is expected to stabilize in 2017, superbing the dollar liability.
We measure the sensitivity of exchange rate movements to China’s net profits. If the renminbi changes by 1% against the United States dollar, China’s net profit is 4.7%, compared to 5.5% published by the company in 2016.
In the case of the United States, which is the world’s largest airline country, the United States has a huge consumer market.
After 2009, the six major aviation groups in the United States were reorganized into three major aviation groups (Damar, American Airlines, United American Airlines) with more than 80% cr3, a typical oligopoly market. With the oligopoly situation, the three major aviation groups reached a tacit agreement and began to move cautiously to the market.
Good supply and demand conditions have led to a gradual rise in the US aviation industry’s occupancy and fare rates, and sustained improvements in profitability have led to a rise in US aviation holdings. Stock prices have risen more than 25 times since the end of 2009, and the pb valuation has reached 2.6 times.
Looking back at our civil aviation industry, which, for historical reasons and government control, is typical of the front-line monopolistic industry, and which has a more stable pattern, with cr4 (China State, Orient, South, Hainan) in 2016, in terms of passenger turnover, 77 per cent, is still in a period of rapid development.
The need for the divisions to put cards through their capacity to take over domestic and foreign shipping rights, and sometimes to do so with less caution, has led to fluctuations in the profitability of domestic shipping firms. This has made it possible to combine the four major lines in 2006 to date, although they recorded a loss in 2008 alone, and have not been able to sustain a steady increase in profits in other years.
As one of the three major flights, China National Airlines has an absolute advantage at the hub in Beijing, has a competitive advantage in the deployment of international routes, has a strong market for quality, and is rich in resources at times, with a 17% share of two-class revenue, and a clear brand competitiveness.
And because oil prices were at a low level in the first quarter of 2016 and cost pressures increased in the first quarter of 2017, the city is pessimistic about the airline’s performance in the first quarter of 2017. The capital cycle will begin to drive increased demand for business trips, with domestic demand more likely than expected, and fare prices are expected to rise in the middle of the first quarter of 2017.
On the international front, due to a reduction in the supply of national shipping and the elimination of fear from European routes, the international passenger rate is expected to increase and the fare drop is expected to shrink. Adding oil prices and exchange rate discounts is the basis for the airline’s performance in the second and third quarters.
At present, China’s national shipping pb valuation is about 1.6 times lower than its own history, but it is the lowest of the three major shipping lines, and the valuation level is much more different than that of the American oligopoly airline.
In the context of the onset of the season, the continued recovery of the industry climate and the exhaustion of exchange rate discount factors for oil prices, there is scope for the valuation of China ' s national navigation.
Travel demand (rpk): Business demand recovery, recent upturn in domestic demand, international routes are expected to slow down slightly after high growth, and overall aviation demand will remain high. 2017-2019 Influencing capacity (ask): Increased domestic demand is expected to bring some of the additional capacity to the airline.
Domestic lines, the seizure of international shipping rights, will slow down the pace of growth. In 2017-2019, the entire number of passengers benefited: companies adopted a price-priority strategy, with domestic lines expected to be equal in 2017, resulting in macroeconomic downturns, large oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, disease outbreaks and severe weather events.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.