The external factors were multiple, and the cargo was reduced to the point where, in the first quarter of the year, the international route increased its capacity and the benefits recovered significantly from the in-depth study of China National Navigation (601111).
In 2017, the same-year increase in the number of international ask routes was higher than the 10 percentage points of domestic routes, focusing on Europe and Australia. In the first quarter, the international route’s indicators rebounded, although the international situation is difficult to predict in the future, the future growth in international airline performance is still to be expected.
The customer base and hub network strategy benefited the national airline from a trend of dry price increases. Two-class passenger earnings in 2016 were 17% of the highest level ever recorded, while the national airline, as the largest source of domestic public commerce, fully benefited from the shipping price reform.
From the analysis of the existing air plate reform situation, it is possible to introduce strategic investors and to reform the cargo block.
There is the possibility of introducing strategic investors in the freight plate, in cooperation with couriers or electricians, by which the unit compares with the trend of 300 depths and can increase the efficiency and profitability of the shipping plate.
• Three-fold positive exchange rate prices for oil prices, resulting in higher performance; oil prices remain low, and pressure on oil prices will decline on a quarterly basis if the price status quo is maintained; devaluation of the renminbi will be lower than in comparison; corporate debt will be lower and exchange rate pressure on the dollar will be lower; pmi will be higher and public business demand will return
The reform of the State Enterprise has not been as successful as expected, the prices of aviation oil have risen significantly, exchange rates have fluctuated significantly and the international political situation is unstable.
The Chinese State of China is in the vanguard of our international routes, with South-West China, Zhejiang, Chongqing, Inner Mongolia, Tianjin, Gui.
State, Tibet Branch, and Shanghai Base, South China Base. In addition, the company held shares in a number of companies, such as China Air Cargo International and Beijing Aircraft Maintenance and Engineering.
In March, the company successfully completed a non-public release, with a total of 1.440 billion shares, a sub-business upgrading project, a wifi project on board, and a replenishment of liquidity. A positive launch of the fixed increase will help the public.
The Division raises productive capacity, expands capital and reduces the level of indebtedness. Figure 4 - 2012 - 2016 is owned by the parent company ' s net profit (i) four regional hubs, with clear network advantages
During many years of operation, the company formed a complex hub with Beijing as its core, with Chengdu as its regional hub, and the Sea as its important international portal, with Shenzhen as the heart of the Pearl Triangle, with a four-angled diamond-shaped and broad-balanced network of domestic and international routes. The diamond-shaped network system covered the most economically developed and densely populated areas of China.
With absolute leadership and international operational capability on mainstream international routes such as Europe and North America, Asia is the only airline with easy access to any continent of the world except Antarctica.
For seven years in a row, the company’s main base airport has been the second most important transit hub in the world. The North is located at the Euro-American crossroads, with the best position to build a large international hub in North-East Asia, and a good local public-business client base. Beijing’s regional advantage and its client structure are conducive to higher returns for companies.
Figure 6 Beijing is an important international hub: (ii) the significant return of international shipping routes to international warming, and the strong rise of international shipping routes to 2017, and the significant return of European and American airlines to international shipping in 2016.
Increased capacity inputs, less than expected market demand, led to a poor market environment, and the impact of increased fear caused poor international airline revenues in 2015-2016. In 2017, domestic airlines moved soft and rationally to international routes.
In the first quarter of April 2017, the passenger rate on international routes was three years higher than in the previous quarter.
Figure 10 Comparison of international freight and mail turnover for 2015-2017 shows a contraction in overall supply of 2017, with a significant increase in visitor kilometre earnings and performance throughout the year. 2017 serviceable kilometres and tons of serviceable kilometres are at a three-year low relative to the growth rate, indicating a contraction in supply and a reduction in operating costs.
The supply contraction trend continued throughout the year, with a significant increase in passenger kilometre earnings and performance throughout 2017. The drop in passenger supply in April of 112017 and the contraction in freight supply in April of 122017
International routes have increased their capacity, with a similar increase of 10 percentage points in the number of international routes launched by Ask. The launch plan for 2017 is to increase the number of domestic routes by 5-6% and the number of international routes by 15-16%.
(iii) Trends in domestic routes benefiting from industry price increases
On 14 October 2016, the circular on issues related to deepening the reform of air passenger fares in civil aviation provided for a competition between a line of less than 800 km and a train of more than 800 km with a high-speed train.
The customer base and hub network strategy allows the State to benefit from price increases. The public business base of the State is the highest among the major airlines, with two-carriage passengers accounting for a larger share of passengers, and in 2016 for 17 per cent of total passenger operations, the highest ever.
Two-class passengers, as consumers with insensitive prices and a higher frequency of official travel, continue to be able to maintain normal passenger rates. Second, the national airline insists on a hub network strategy, with domestic routes concentrated mainly in second-line cities, with larger public-business customers and a greater degree of confidence in winning the passenger base.
II. The civil aviation sector continues to grow steadily and rapidly in 2016. With the slowdown in the world economy and the downward pressure on the domestic economy in 2016, the main transport indicators of the civil aviation sector have continued to grow steadily and rapidly, with both passenger and cargo traffic and capacity investment increasing.
The rapid development of China’s air transport industry has had an increasing impact on the world air transport market. In terms of total transport turnover, China continued to record a steady second-higher growth in international passenger transport operations in 2015 than in domestic shipping since 2005, when it ranked second among the States parties to the International Civil Aviation Organization.
22.70 per cent, higher than 12 percentage points on domestic routes, is expected to fall back in 2017; airport throughput continues to grow steadily, and international operations are growing rapidly. Air throughput is on average 10.56 per cent per year, and the national air transport airport has completed landings and landings, which are 7.9 per cent more than in the previous year.
Second, Shanghai Pudong Airport is the third largest in the world for nine consecutive years. At the same time, international operations have grown faster than domestic operations, with passengers on international routes growing at an average annual rate of 5 percentage points more than domestic routes, and international shipping lines at an average annual rate of 1 percentage point more than domestic shipping lines.
The 2012-2016 airport post-mail throughput capr 5.93%.
Since the launch of the Guidance, the accompanying documents have been improved, and a new round of reform of state enterprises has been stepped up, reform has been stepped up and areas of reform have been expanded. On March 31, 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission convened a meeting on the theme of reform within the Commission, which noted the need to focus on pilot reforms with mixed ownership, in line with the requirements of improved governance, enhanced incentives, a strong focus on ownership and greater efficiency.
In April, the company also issued a public announcement that the National Development and Reform Commission had agreed to a merger of air freight logistics with the company China Air Transport Group. The reform programme is expected to be reported in July and August, and will be implemented in the second half of the year.
For 10 years, the bottom line shows that the cargo plate’s contribution to the total revenue is decreasing. Thus, the fleet’s long-term failure to harvest, and its lack of profitability, is in urgent need of reform to increase its performance.
As a result, this reform of the cargo plate is necessary, followed by the possibility of introducing strategic investors in the cargo block, in cooperation with a courier or electrician. The advantage of working with a courier or electrician is that the airline can provide transport power, increase aircraft efficiency, boost the profitability of the cargo block; and the courier and electrician can improve logistics efficiency, and both can promote the industrial chain.
Follow-up does not rule out the possibility of bringing in investors for strategic cooperation.
Strategic collaboration with Hansa, United States of America, to consolidate the strategic advantages of the European-American route. National and Hansa flights will coordinate with each other.
At the same time, by expanding the code-sharing flight link, passengers on national flights can easily use the Frankfurt, Munich, Zurich and Vienna air hubs for code-sharing flights to and from Austria, Belgium, Germany and Switzerland.
Together with the United States, Hanza is the largest European airline on the Chinese market, with the most frequent direct flights on Central European routes: United States Airlines is the largest American airline on Hawaii and Asia. Cooperation with the United States and the United States will consolidate the country’s dominant position on European-American routes.
The two major US aviation giants are now on the south-south voyage, and the future of US air cooperation with US navigation is a welcome development. Table 3 Airboard Reforms, Exchange Rates, Oil Prices, and Triple Prices.
(i) Prices of domestic aviation kerosene are on the market as the prices of the same oil are stable and lower, and cost pressures are decreasing on a quarterly basis. In 2011, the National Development Commission decided to develop mechanisms to further improve prices of kerosene from aviation plants, which are subject to agreement between the supply and demand sides, in accordance with the principle that prices do not exceed taxes on imports to the Singapore market.
The prices are determined annually. The prices of the plants are adjusted on a monthly basis, and the price is adjusted on a one-day basis.
Oil is one of the major operating costs of the group, and company performance is influenced more by fluctuations in prices. In 2016, if other variables remain constant, the cost of oil would rise or fall by about $1,099 million if the average price of oil would rise or fall by 5%.
Figure 22. Three major aviation fuel costs (millions of dollars) and their share in total costs
The dollar rose to nearly $60 at the end of the year. Although oil prices remained in the $50-57 zone in the first half of 2017, the same-year pressure was clearly decreasing month by month.
Figure 26.2016-2017 Brent crude oil prices increased in comparison with previous increases and decreased (ii) Exchange rates stabilized, liabilities decreased, currency exchange pressure declined, RMB 2017 depreciated pressure eased, dollar liabilities were low exposure and exchange losses were reduced.
Other risk variables remain unchanged, with the 1% appreciation or depreciation of the renminbi due to changes in the exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar, which will result in net profits and equity interests of the company increasing or reducing by 376 million yuan by the end of 2016 respectively. Based on the median value of the dollar against the renminbi, the renminbi appreciated by about 2.23% from the beginning of 2017 to mid-June, and by about 1.16% during the same period last year.
In 2017, the currency depreciation pressure was lower than in 2016, and the exchange pressure on the country’s navigation was lower than in 2016. In 2017, it is expected that the US dollar liability exposure will be further reduced by 40 per cent from 49 per cent in 2016, and the impact on the exchange rate of 2017 will be further reduced by the figure of US$ 27 to stabilize the exchange rate against the renminbi.
(iii) Good fare policies, rebounding public business demand, rising fare gains, and market regulation. On 31 December 2015, the Chinese Civil Aviation Administration issued an opinion on the implementation of the reform of the civil aviation transport price and charge-back mechanism for domestic airline passengers that had become competitive in 2017.
On 14 October 2016, the circular on issues related to deepening the reform of air passenger fares in civil aviation provided that the price of passenger transport tickets in the form of a competitive route would be set by the airline on its own initiative: there would be no discount on the airline ' s up-to-date market-regulating route.
In principle, the published fares should not exceed 10 routes per season, each route should not accumulate higher prices per season than pmi, the economy is re-energized, and the demand for public business travel is back on the rise. The pmi is measured by the trend in economic change, the pmi is marked by a 50-point divide. The 2017 pmi index is high, the highest level since 2015.
Air passenger turnover) indicators measure air passenger transport needs, and the pattern is similar to that of pmi, which fluctuates earlier than 2 to 3 months. Thus, the 2017 pmi index is the highest in two years, with the highest rate of growth since 2012, reflecting a recovery in public business travel demand in the performance of national shipping, and a significant upward trend in the ratio.
Figure 282017pmi shows that we compare the company’s valuation with other listed companies, pe and pb. Comparable companies now have a market surplus of 15 to 28 times and pb 1.0 to 3.8 times.
Liu Zhenwoo, head of the large machinery team, and a master’s degree in materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology. He was the manager of China’s China Metallurgical Control, and the Beijing City Planning Committee planned to take up the check-ups and join the civil securities in 2015.
Li Qing, Senior Engineer, Doctor of Engineering, University of Edinburgh, United Kingdom, has worked for three years in large state-owned integrated energy enterprises and is responsible for investment advice on transport, energy, etc. projects. In 2015, he joined the civil securities industry.
The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.