Researchchand developmentcenter Medium Coal Energy: Undervalued Coal Giant
China Coal Energy: The undervalued pontoon coal giant, November 2, 2022.
\triangleright is large, the JCJ has a high proportion and a high level of profitability. The company's coal resources are rich, up to 2021 billion tons/year, fourth in industry, 113 million tons in coal production, third in industry.
90% are powered coal. Companies have a strong competitive advantage in coal resource reserves and are expected to benefit fully from the winding-up of coal sources (601898.sh).
The company has some potential for endogenous growth in coal production. The company is currently building four mining wells with an approved capacity of 23.8 million tonnes/year, of which the sea has 20 million tonnes/year (after the increase), and is now in the process of conducting an overall test operation, with a projected contribution of about 5 million tonnes this year.
It is planned to reach production in 2024; the reed ditch coal mine (2.4 million tonnes/year) is expected to be completed in 2025.
In addition, the corporate parent company, the Coal Group, took over large amounts of coal from non-coal companies during the restructuring of the supply side of the industry, enabling production to double from 131 million to 231 million tons, and unsecuritized capital.
Coal + Coal plates have been developed in tandem, with a high profit elasticity in the middle of the rise in oil prices. The company has formed two major coal industrial chains: Coal-Methanol-Fryers and Coal-Synthesium-Uranium-urea. The company currently has 1.6 million tonnes/year of methanol production and 1.2 million tonnes/year.
Coal polyolefin production capacity, 1.75 million tons/year urea production capacity, and an additional 750,000 tons of polyolefin production capacity is expected under the Elmol Phase II project. Corporate methanol production is mainly used to meet the production demand for acetylene production, and the internal sales price is slightly lower than the external sales price.
About 50% of the coal is produced by companies, and the sea is able to produce more. We believe that the current energy inflation, which is driven by the energy cycle, is still in the early stages, and that long-term capital spending on global crude oil has led to a decline in supply elasticities, while demand for crude oil is still increasing.
Long, global or will continue to face shortages of crude oil for many years, oil prices are expected to rise, chemical prices such as methanol and hydrocarbons are expected to follow the oil price cycle, and the company coalification industry has more to offer. The coal industry is still undervalued, and we believe that it will be accompanied by an overall industry valuation in the future.
Rehabilitate and release the company’s capacity, and the company’s valuation is expected to return to a reasonable level.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, profit forecast and investment rating: the company's expected coal production during the 14th Five-Five.
Internal and external growth. Given that coal is being built and nuclear capacity is being released, and the price of coal is being kept high, we predict that the net profit share that the company attributed to its parent company in 2022-2024 will be the space for the development and valuation rehabilitation of the chemical industry, giving the company a "buy-in" rating.
Risk factors: severe downs in the economy have led to a sharp fall in coal prices; major coal safety events have occurred; uncertainty in the conflict in Russia and Ukraine; changes in domestic and foreign energy policies have had short-term effects. As one of the four coal-listed companies producing more than 100 million tons of coal, China has a high share of the General Association, a high level of profitability and a high degree of certainty.
The previous valuation was still low, and companies were expected to accompany the restoration of the overall valuation of the coal plate and the release of additional capacity, as well as the recovery of the valuation, which, in our view, is still in the early stages of high energy inflation driven by the energy cycle, short supply due to insufficient long-term capital spending on coal, while the demand for energy continues to grow as a result of the rapid development of the new industries, the rising level of electricity available to the population and the continuing demand for energy.
Inflexibility and demand elasticity will keep coal supply tight and coal prices high. Companies will benefit fully from the current cycle of coal up, and a high percentage of the Association is expected to enhance certainty and stability of profitability. In addition, the company ' s coal production capacity will continue to increase, with 2024 tonnes/year of capacity in the sea where the coal mine will become productive and increase corporate performance; and coal will increase.
The basic logic is similar: global crude oil is also subject to supply elasticity due to insufficient capital spending, and is likely to remain in short supply for many years. The price of relevant coal-chemicals is expected to rise with the rise in the oil price hub, corporate coal-chemical plates are rich, current coal plates remain undervalued, high profit increases correspond to high-roe lower pe and pb, and coal plates are long-term.
The Chinese coal energy is the lowest value compared to the other three coal companies that produce more than 100 million tons, and the company’s valuation is expected to return to a reasonable level with the restoration of the overall valuation of the coal industry. The only major company in the industry that specializes in coal is the company listed.
China Coal Group, Coal + Coal Chemical Co-operative Development Corporation, is a central listed company of the China Coal Group.
In 2008, a share was marketed. The Central Coal Group held 57.36% (2022h) of the shares, and the company was actually controlled by the State Finance Committee of the State Council. The Department is also the only company in the country that has been listed for coal, except for China’s Senghua, and is more likely to benefit fully from the coal roll-out cycle than is the case with the integrated layout of the Senghua coal circuit port.
Three listed companies belonging to the China Coal Group, namely, China Coal Energy, New Bank Energy, and Shanghai Energy. China Coal Energy is the central coal listed company. As of 2021, China Coal has a total assets of $4,534.3 billion, of which China Coal has a total assets of 3.9%, and China Coal Energy Holdings.
The group is expected to promote the integration of listed companies and the coordination of listed inter-firm relations. For non-listed coal subsidiaries, the company has also made a commitment to inject Sino-Colonel and Resource Development into Chinese coal energy by mid-May 2028 to address peer competition questions in figure 1: Corporate equity structure (up to 2022h)
In 2021, a shortage of coal and a substantial increase of 75.7 per cent in coal prices compared to the previous year had exceeded the level of profits earned during the previous year. The chemical industry was an important complement to operating income, with coal industry earning $21,670 million in 2021, or 9 per cent of the total;
Māori now stands at 2,649 million yuan, or 6.3 per cent of the total Māori, in addition to the fact that the manufacture of coal mine equipment by companies coincides with financial operations. Figure 2: Coal energy collection in 2018-2022h (billion yuan; %) Figure 5: Māori coal energy structure in mid-2021
Coal plates have grown steadily, and the growth of internal and external growth has brought potential for development The company has a rich coal resource reserves and a second-largest in the industry. By mid-2021, coal energy reserves stood at 27.19 billion tons, confirming a storage of 14,255 million tons, after China’s godship, of 33.21 billion tons, far more than the rest of the industry.
The company ' s coal resources are distributed mainly in the Shinjong region, where three areas account for 42.19 per cent, 19.11 per cent and 32.51 per cent respectively, and are predominantly powered by coal, which accounts for 88.9 per cent of the total. The company ' s capacity is at the forefront of the industry.
The company’s largest level of production capacity is located in Jin Ki, one of the 14 large coal bases designated by the state, which accounts for nearly 70% of the company’s total capacity; the Sanxi sub-district mines, Jiangsu Datun, and Inner Mongolia’s Gilt mines account for about 8.9%, 5.5%, 10.6% of the total capacity.
Coal in the grass and ditch industry (50%), with three companies participating in it having a total equity capacity of 13,226 million tons. By 2021, the company had a combined capacity of 10,000 tons, or 11.25%. 2.48% longer, ranking among the top three industries. The production of powered coal was 102 million tons, an increase of 3.48% compared to the previous year, and the production of refined coal was 1036%.
Powered coal production, 5.36 million tons, an increase of 6 per cent from the same year; coal sales of 110 million tons, or 38 per cent; coal sales of 169 million tons, or 58.1 per cent, sold out of trade; coal sales of 1,170,000 tons, or 3.8 per cent; coal sales of proxy trade, led to a rise in coal prices in 2021 owing to tight demand and supply of coal.
In 2021, the company sold coal on a par, while the profit coal price rose by $71.4 billion, an increase of $22,189 million.
The Coal Group has been active in providing insurance, contracting up to 13 million tons of orders from the Association to compensate for the reduction of imported coal, and listing companies have assumed about 7 million tons. As of July 2022, the share of sales from the Coal Association reached 90%.
Figure 10: Changes in company-owned coal sales (tonnes) Figure 11: Coal sales prices of company-owned commodities ($/t)
Coal production costs have risen, and prices have doubled the same ratio.
325.19 ton/ton, an increase of 16.5 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the price of raw materials used for coal mining; and the non-implementation in 2021 of the policy of reducing by half the stage payments received in 2020, which resulted in an increase in labour costs on an equal basis. The increase in the same rate was 101 per cent, to $24 6.8 ton/ton. Coal prices and production costs for major companies in the industry increased simultaneously in 2021.
In the first half of 2022, the cost of coal per ton of coal energy dropped to $308.73 per ton. Prices are accounted for for as the proceeds and sales of coal produced by powered coal; combined prices include coal powered, and coal produced per ton of coal sold: per unit cost of production by God: shoal is the full cost: Sino-coal
Coal extraction, trade coals are the cost of selling home-grown coal (the cost of the sale of sorbium and Chinese coal includes part of the cost of selling coal), there may be high-level companies that continue to optimize market layout and customer structure, deep-ploughing traditional south-east coastal markets. Approximately 70% of corporate coal comes from Shanxi, Shanxi and China.
Twenty per cent came from Xiaomong, one of the most important coal-mining ports in North and North-West Coal Production Provinces in China, and one of the few near rapidly growing industrial centres and coal-consuming areas in China. In 2021, corporate coal sales went mainly to North China, East China, South China, with three-point sales points.
At the same time, the company is actively expanding its market space in the interior, including in the central and western parts of the country, with China increasing sales by 34.5 per cent and 34.1 per cent on a par with other regions. The company sells coal mainly by rail.
The large coal transport railway line, the Qin railway line, and other major regional and national railways have established direct transport links with major coal shipping ports, such as the port of Qin Royal Island, the port of Tianjin, and a number of major customers.
In 2021, the company sold coal power at a price of $572 per ton, an increase of 42.3% compared to the same price, but the company ' s coal price was relatively low, mainly influenced by the influence of coal. The company ' s coal powered coal has the advantage of having a high ash melting point, no easy slag, reliable quality, and even heat balance, but at the same time it is flat.
The high sulphur content of coal in the soybean area (the national classification identified sulphur at < 1.0% as low sulfur coal), the high ash fraction (<16% as low ash coal), and the low caloric volume have resulted in a certain reduction in the price of coal sold to corporate goods. The benefits have expanded and there has been some scope for growth in the main industry.
The company is currently building four mines, with a total production capacity of 23.8 million tonnes/year. The company owns a large ocean of 20 million tonnes/year (after the increase) and a total resource reserve.
A total of 4,786 million tons, with a design capacity of 3,309 million tons, with characteristics such as ultra-low ash (7.12% on average), low-middle-low sulphur (1.5% on average) and super-high heat (7400 kcals) as high-quality chemical and power coal. The company has revealed that the sea is in the process of commissioning and is expected to contribute 5 million tons of production this year.
In addition, the construction of the Ilan III mine, which belongs to the Heilong River Coalization, has recently been completed and is expected to be completed in March 2025. The mine is expected to be a high-quality smoke-free base in the country. The coal mine is expected to be 2.4 million tons per year.
In 2021, four of the company's coal mines were added to the list of state-guaranteed coal mines, with an additional capacity of 12.1 million tons per year. Of these, both the open-air and the Wang Jiaxing coal mines have obtained production and recovery documents, which together increased their capacity.
In the first half of 2022, Xinjiang ' s 106 coal minerals were able to increase by 600,000 tonnes/year; in the ocean, coal mines increased to 20 million tonnes/year, and the company expects to be fully productive by 2024.
The coal industry has implemented supply-side structural reforms, with the China Coal Group taking over large amounts of coal assets. Starting in 2016, the State Finance Committee of the State Council began a central enterprise effort to address the excess capacity of coal, led by the new company, the China Coal Group, and the All-China Group.
The first group consists of specialized coal enterprises, including the Senghua Group, the Chinese Coal Group, which are doing great work to achieve their objectives. The second group consists of eight companies, including China, China, China, Da Tang, China, China, and China, which are involved in coal mining: 12 companies, including the Pali Group, China Iron Industry, China Coal Industries, etc., have, in principle, withdrawn from the coal business.
Reorganization of resources to optimize the withdrawal of excess coal capacity with existing capacity. Table 7: Companies accepted by the Central Coal Group for non-reimbursable transfers in March 2017-2021 Table 8: Companies acquired and annexed by the Group in March 2017-2021
From 2016 to 2019, the Sino-Coal Group received 30.31% of the share in the new coal pool, the shares of the three subsidiaries of the Sino-Coal Company, and the Polycoal Company, 231 million tonnes per year in late March, with a total washing capacity of 285.5 million tonnes per year. As of the end of March 2022, the Sino-Coal Group had ownership.
In March 2021, the management of Coal Asset Management Ltd., a central enterprise ' s coal resources integration platform, was transferred to the company. In the future, the company ' s coal resources and capacity will be further upgraded as the associated resources are consolidated.
Table 9: China Coal Group Coal Assets Carried by China Coal Group Figure 16: China Coal Group Energy Growth (tonnes/year) Three Coal List companies belonging to the Coal Group, with coal resources concentrated in China Coal Energy.
The group’s avoidance of peer competition has given companies some potential for growth. In March 2021, the Sino-coal group applied to sign an agreement to avoid doing business.
Competing agreement, promises to inject the shares of the Resource Development Corporation (100% group shareholding) and the Huai Yuan Corporation (60% group shareholding) into Chinese coal energy by mid-May 2028. China Coal is a 60% subsidiary of the group directly controlled by the group and gained control in 2018.
The resource development company is a group-owned wholly-owned subsidiary that achieved a net gain of $150 million and a net gain of $173 million for 2021q1 throughout the year as of March 2021. In the long run, growth in the external power of coal production in medium and coal energy is expected to lead to an increase in the performance of the main business.
Coalification is the company's second-largest collection block, which generated revenue of $21,670 million in 2021, or 8 per cent of the total; and Māori 2,649 million, or 6.3 per cent of the total Māori.
The company currently owns 1.6 million tonnes/year of methanol production, 1.2 million tonnes/year of coal polyolefin production through its holding subsidiary, and has a high profit elasticity in the coal sector due to rising oil prices, which are closely linked to oil prices.
Process route: first, scerebral oils, second, coal (methanol) and third, propane dehydrate (pdh), which is mainly produced as raw material. According to the Beechon moor data, in 2021, polyethylene production capacity was 2.46 million tonnes, coal head 21%, scerebral oil cracking was 78.45%, oil-based hydrocarbons had a greater upstream advantage, and Brent oil prices and hydrocarbons had a greater advantage.
Prices are highly consistent. At the same time, they can be counter-directed to upstream methanol prices. Thus, higher crude oil prices can lead to higher prices for related chemicals.
Since 2015, insufficient capital spending has limited global crude production capacity, while the old wells, accompanied by an increase in the number of years of exploitation, have seen their production decline and their supply elasticity decline. For example, Russia, the second largest oil exporter in the world, reported in October 2022 according to the International Energy Information Agency (IEA)
Crude oil production declined from 10.42 million barrels per day in October 2021 to 10.2 million barrels per day in September 2022. In addition to the Russian-Uber conflict and the effects of Western sanctions, Russian crude oil production fell by 340,000 barrels per day in September 2022 compared to January-February 2022, and existing capacity has been largely depleted, leaving very limited capacity.
Even if capital spending is now increased, it will be difficult in the short term to achieve growth in capacity and supply constraints will continue. Figure 19: Russian upstream capital expenditure on crude oil ($1 billion) Figure 20: Russian crude oil production and capacity (million barrels per day)
The recovery in oil prices in 2021 did not boost upstream capital spending. In 2020, the new coronary hit international oil prices, and global upstream capital expenditure contracted by $149 billion in 2019, a 31 per cent reduction compared to the same year. In 2021, the global economic recovery, combined with the occ+ alliance, reduced production, brought the average price of the brent oil to $70.94 per barrel, an increase of 64 per cent in 2020, compared with the global increase of 64 per cent in 2020.
Upstream planned capital expenditure increased by $25 billion compared to 2020, by 7.7 per cent compared to the same year, and remains significantly lower than the further increase in the price of water in 2019, but was affected by low-carbon policies, with the major crude oil companies losing capacity. From the beginning of 2022 to the present, the average price of the bent was $104.9 per barrel, an increase of 47.66 per cent over the mid-2021 boom.
We believe that the demand for crude oil will continue to grow, and that the long-term rate of return on conventional crude oil projects will remain uncertain due to the three- to five-year cycle of production of traditional oil fields.
Europe’s oil giants have shifted to greater investment in new energy sources, such as renewable energy, and to integrated energy companies, even like the bp and Shell scheme, which will continue to reduce crude oil production over the next 10 years. The US is focused on oil and gas production, but is influenced by low carbon, policy factors, and limited capital spending and output growth.
Global demand for crude oil has slowed but will continue to grow at a slower pace under high oil prices. Global demand for crude oil declined by about 9 million barrels per day in 2020 compared to 2019, and demand for crude oil recovered rapidly by around 5.5 million barrels per day in 2021, as a result of the outbreak of the new crown epidemic. Figure 25: Global crude oil demand and demand estimates for 2010-2060 (million barrels per day)
Capital spending is the main reason for limiting crude-oil production, whether it is conventional hydrocarbon resources or shale oil in the United States. Given the global chronic shortage of capital spending on crude oil, the elasticity of the global supply of crude oil will decline, while in the transition to old and new energy sources, crude oil will be needed.
In the longer term, it is expected that the oil price hub will continue to rise, that energy resources will continue to rise in the next three to five years, and that the price of related chemicals will rise as oil prices rise. Coalists will benefit from relatively low domestic prices of coal, and their comparison with petrochemicals will continue to rise.
Coal + Coal + Coal & Coal Quantities have taken advantage of synergies and have benefited from the rise in the prices of major chemicals, and the company ' s coal kernel collection increased significantly in 2021.
The sales volume was 1.62 million tonnes, which was roughly the same as last year; prices rose to $7521 tonnes/ton, an increase of 17.79 per cent in the same year; methanol sales, 1246,000 tonnes, an increase of 81.1 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the 1 million tonnes/year methanol technology adaptation project, which was launched in April 2021; methanol sales were 1870 yuan/tons, an increase of 40.4 per cent in the same year, and urea sales were 22.13 million tonnes.
Maintenance of last year ' s level; accompanied by demand-led price increases of 37.11 per cent over the same period. Double-litre-led companies, coal-chemical units, achieved operating income of $21,670 million, an increase of 27.47 per cent over the same period; Māori, 2,649 million and Māori, a rate of 12.22 per cent. Figure 26: Revenue from coal-fired panels and Māori (billions; %)
Figure 27: Prices and sales of polyolefins and methanol (tonnes; yuan/tonne) The future hub of international oil prices is expected to increase, and the profitability of coal-chemical products will increase. In 2021, prices of corporate coal-chemical products generally rose, but Māori fell by the same amount, and coal-chemical operations reached M$ 2,649 million, a decrease of RMB 28 million from 2020.
The decrease of 1.0 per cent was mainly due to the increase in the cost of coal-based chemicals, driven by the increase in the price of coal, which was faster than the increase in the price of oil. In 2021, urea downstream demand in four of the company’s main business products led to a rapid increase in prices, with a 72.28 per cent increase in Māori compared to the same year; polyethylene, polypropene and methanol showed cost increases greater than price increases, and Māori differed.
The cost of coal-based products is highly dependent on coal prices, and prices are highly correlated with oil prices. Domestic coal prices are now stable, international oil prices are falling, and the profits from chemicals are somewhat compressed.
Figure 28: Cost increases for coal-based coal-chemical products in mid-2021 faster than price increases in mid-2021 Figure 29: Recent trends in crude oil and coal prices (US$/bp; yuan/tonne)
Coarse gas, with purified production of synthetic ammonia or methanol and synthetic ammonia and carbon dioxide production of urea; methanol, with mto-reactive production of ethylene, acrylic monomer, polyethylene and polypropylene. The company has 1.6 million tonnes/year of methanol production, 1.2 million tonnes/year of coal polyolefin production, 1.75 million tonnes/year of urea production capacity through a holding subsidiary; and extension of the capacity of middle coal maryllium to urea through participation in the stock market.
The company has an interest capacity of about 640,000 tonnes/year (15.83%) with China Sky (38.75%). The company is in the process of building the elm forest phase II project, which is expected to add 450,000 tonnes of polypropylene and 300,000 tonnes of high-density polyethylene.
There is an increase in the number of intermediates of coal and methanol used between divisions. Methanol production was mainly used to meet the demand for its own industrial chain, with a self-use of 8.15 million tons of methanol in 2021, representing 65% of its sales.
The company ' s demand for methanol is maintained at 435,4.4 million tonnes/year, with internal supply meeting about 15% of the demand. Internal sales of methanol are about 69 yuan/tonne lower than the company ' s external sales price, saving about 56.24 million yuan, making full use of half of the coal needed by coal-chemicals to produce the company ' s own coal. In 2021, coal (coalification + power plants) was used internally by the company, accounting for 17,85 million tons.
According to our estimates, the demand for coal from companies producing coal-chemical products in 2021 was approximately 1,4596,000 tons, with the internal supply of coal accounting for 50%, and is on the rise. Coal production in the sea is a direct supply of coal-rich companies, and the company ' s coal and coal-chemical plates are expected to increase further.
1. Production: Taking into account the fact that the new sea coal mine has become fully operational this year, the company expects to contribute 5 million tons of production this year, which will reach about 15 million tons in 2023 and 2024, which is expected to reach 20 million tons in 2024; the reed ditch; the coal mine is expected to be completed in December 2025, the Libo coal mine in March 2025; the open-air east, Wang Jiaxing, etc.
2. Prices: Given the coal price limit policy, we expect that the price of the powered coal association will not increase significantly in the short term, or that it will remain high in operation. Coal processing is supported by downstream demand, and we expect that the price will be in the upper range. Advance 1, production: sales of acetylene and urea will remain stable, taking into account the gradual release of 1 million tons of methanol from the synthetic gas project.
Prices: Given the strong correlation between chemical prices and oil prices, we expect that oil prices will be in the upper range in the future, with high historical valuations, but still below the valuations of the eight coal companies that are of concern to us, pb1.5x, and 1.95x compared to the three power companies. Thus, overall, the company's current valuation remains low, accompanied by the restoration of the overall valuation of the coal industry.
Corporate valuation is expected to return to mean value and to be further upgraded. Figure 34: Medium Coal Energy p-band (as of 11.1) Figure 35: Medium Coal Energy pb-band (as of 11.1)
Horizontally, the company ' s valuation is roughly the same as that of the main power coal company, but the company has a significantly lower valuation attribute than that of a company of the same size. We have selected the top 12 companies for the market value of the industry to compare their performance with the valuation. The median coal energy source was 4.75x per cent in 2022 (as of 11.1), which is lower than the industry average per cent (6.99x). The median coal energy source was 0.9x per cent per year in 2022, which is lower than the top.
h sharepb is only 0.56x and is at a lower level than in comparable companies. Overall, the value of medium coal energy (a+h) is more favourable and there is greater scope for future valuation restoration.
Over the last five years, stock prices have been growing behind schedule, and the company’s valuation needs to be repaired. Major companies in the coal industry have grown significantly since 2017, while stock prices have been growing relatively slowly. In terms of performance, coal energy has grown by 924.12% over the last five years, higher than China’s 7.19pct. In terms of valuation, coal energy has declined by 85.84% over the past five years.
As a result, the company has shown a greater increase in its performance in recent years, but a greater decline in its valuation, leading to a weak rise in its stock prices. We believe that the company’s valuation is expected to return to a reasonable level in the future, with the restoration of the industry’s overall valuation and the release of its productive capacity.
Figure 37: Changes in equity prices in the four major coal companies from 2017 to date (as of financial costs and impairments are expected to reduce the impact on profits). The coal industry as a whole remains undervalued, and the company’s valuation is expected to be repaired.
In the last three to five years, the additional energy generation has been limited and the supply side has been difficult to improve in the short term. And the country is in the process of upgrading per capita, with the new economy gradually replacing the traditional energy-intensive sector as the main power source for the entire society, and the stability of coal-fired power generation supports the construction process.
High-profit performance, but still undervalued. As at 1 November 2022, the coal industry, from the point of view of pe-g, had increased its net profit compound by 50.4% over the last five years, while pe only 7.09x was below the median in the industry. Coal, chemical, shipping, colour, petrochemical, communications, etc. were undervalued. The coal industry, from the point of view of pb-roe, was projected to be 2022.
The measurements are 23.27 per cent, which is significantly higher than the industry median of 11.82 per cent, while pb is only 1.53x, coal, iron and steel, building materials, absolute valuation method (fcff) we reflect the company's long-term value by absolute valuation fcff, first of all, assuming that the core parameters of the valuation are:
Risk-free interest rate (rf): on October 27, 2022, the return on the 10-year maturity of the Chinese debt was 2.7 per cent.2 Debt interest rate: a combination of the current five-year loan market quoted interest rate and the interest rate on corporate borrowing, and the debt interest rate was 6 per cent.
4 Beta values: used to measure market-to-market stock price fluctuations. Beta>1 shows that the company’s stock price fluctuates more than the market, and vice versa. The value of the company’s Beta value for nearly 100 weeks was 1.0524 in wind. 5 Risk premium: the risk premium is the part of the market’s expected rate of return that exceeds the no-risk rate of return. The market’s expected rate of return is selected.
Sensitivity analysis: Stock prices under absolute valuations are more affected by discount rates and constant growth rates. Therefore, a sensitivity analysis of valuations based on predictive models looks at changes in stock prices at different discounts and growth rates. We believe that sustainable growth rates have led to a significant decline in coal prices as a result of a severe economic downturn; major coal safety incidents; uncertainty in the Russian-Turkish conflict;
Short-term implications of changes in energy policy: Member of the Committee of Experts on Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (chair), research advice in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years, and “13th Five”
National coal survey and development planning research, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, 100 topics. In June 2016, China joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunjing, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and a Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, who was formerly a member of the Heung Xing Securities Programme.
Research on large energy panels, such as Lei, Gas, and High-level Doctor of Mining, China Mining University (Beijing), Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Investment in Secondary Enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mine production, technology management in coal production, investment in coal mining projects, management of operations, etc., 2022
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June of that year for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation, in virtual power plant applications and in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied coal and electricity, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he worked in coal and coal industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.