\triangleright \triangleright 30/08/2023
q2 power repair, lower coal prices, full elasticity of performance release: low base effect due to 2q22 public health events and West \triangleright South hydropower surge, 9.9 per cent increase in electricity use in Zhejiang province on a year-on-year basis.
Electricity increased by 21.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the company completing 42.268 billion kWh in single-quarter electricity generation, 32.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, excluding the q2 company from the list of share collections and costs, and generating $21,027 million on a year-on-year basis, which is 19.4 per cent higher, while the price of coal has fallen since the beginning of the beneficiary year, bringing the Māori to $1,509 million, an increase of 2,353 million on a year-on-year basis.
In the first half of the year, the critical coal-fired unit was put into production, taking into account the trend in coal prices since June, which has increased in volume and decreased in volume, and the q3 one-season profit is expected to continue the high q2 trend.
There has been a steady increase in nuclear power participation and a significant improvement in fire power: 1h23 has achieved a net return on investment of 2,520 million yuan, and research assistant Zhao Guin Li an increase of 411 million yuan, an increase of 19.5 per cent, of which 1,083 million yuan has been invested in nuclear power participation.
The synergy of the new energy industry chain is to be expected: 5.761 billion yuan in 1h23, a year-on-year increase \triangleright00023.sh) covering the first report: the sixth major fire power, nuclear power.
24.2 per cent, but the increase in the cost of the photovoltted backboard business resulted in a reduction of between 1.5 percentage points and 15.1 per cent in the Māori rate; and the realization of the voltage module, the middle breakout, the net profit from the mother was $236 million, an increase of 2.4 per cent, followed by private equity and equity.
A two-way break-up of the new energy development chain, followed by the industrial chain synergies, is to be expected. Investment proposal: q2 company power repair, high elasticity and full release, \triangleright
The performance of q3 is expected to continue the current high growth; the return on investment in the nuclear access plate has increased steadily, and the return on the fire power investment has increased by 10.7/9.7/9.2 times the price charged on 29 August.
3) Competition in the electricity market reduces the price of electricity on the Internet; 4) supply restructuring suppresses the power of the crew; methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received any direct or indirect recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.