To fully benefit from the rise in the gas climate of lithium, 6f price hikes led to the release of the third quarter of 2025, with a marked improvement in the performance ring compared to 51.53 per cent, a significant 29.11 per cent increase in the ring, and a significant improvement in the performance link, which is in line with the market
• Isolation sales continue to increase, and integration advantages highlight profitability.
In response to the rapid price rise, market bulk prices have passed 135,000 yuan per tonne, and supply and demand patterns in the industry have shifted from excess to tight balance. The company's electrolyte pricing is tied to 6f market prices, although q3 performance has been insufficient, but the company has been rolling prices with large clients, and prices are expected in December and next year.
As the cost passes smoothly, the company’s q4 single ton of electrolyte will become more resilient, and the company’s subsequent profits are expected to continue to improve. The rate of penetration of the new lithium salt continues to rise.
This increase has increased to 2.2% in three quarters, and is expected to increase further as the technology of the company improves and the performance of its products improves. . . . ..the positive material business has suffered significant losses and is expected to become a new growth pole.
The company has now completed the development of three and a half generations and four generations of iron phosphate lithium products, which are in the process of being tested for production. The company’s phosphoric lithium production technology has a significant advantage in terms of energy consumption, with the opening of the iron lithium production line in the second half of the year.
With the gradual increase in the cost of processing lithium phosphate, the business is expected to be profitable throughout the year in 2026, the global layout is accelerating, the new materials are opening up the growing ceiling, the solid cell electrolyte is progressing. The solid electrolyte of the company’s sulphide route is in the middle of a trial.
The phase is now mainly the delivery of kg-grade samples, together with the technical verification of materials by downstream battery customers, and the ongoing promotion of the construction of the 100-ton intermediate test line for the electrolyte of the sulphide, which is planned for the next year. The company continues to promote global capacity-building, with the launch of a 200,000-ton annual electrolyte project in Texas, United States of America.
Launch of the pillar, which is scheduled for official construction in the fourth quarter of 2025; Land consolidation for the Moroccan Lithium Batteries Integration Project has been completed and is planned to be launched from q4 to q1 in 2025; 2. Performance short-term pressure, integrated and diversified layout
Risks of industrial policy change: fluctuations in raw materials and inventory risk: risk of exchange rate movements. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.