The cooperation agreement boosts performance expectations and provides the basis for growth by adding productive capacity.
On September 22, 2025, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Xijiang Chi Chi, signed a cooperation agreement with Xijiang Lanjing.
The agreement provides that, during the period of validity of this agreement (from the date of entry into force of this agreement until 31 December 2030), Ripland (Hinpo Langwein State base and affiliated companies/bases) will procure not less than 800,000 tonnes of electrolyte products from the Xijiang Tianjin and not less than 20,000 tonnes of phosphoric acid from the core raw material of the electrolyte product.
The price of lithium is determined by separate negotiations between the parties. This agreement, if fully implemented, will generate solid-state battery material for the company’s business performance from 2026 to 2030.
The state electrolytic route, which is currently in the pilot phase of the solid electrolyte of the sulphide route, is mainly associated with the technical verification of materials by downstream battery customers, while the development of the medium-test line is being promoted on an ongoing basis, with the company planning to complete the construction of the medium-test line by 2026 with the capability of medium-test production. \triangleright
Recovering operations. In lithium resource layouts, companies combine costs and associated risk factors and adopt a prudent investment strategy. The ratio of lithium acid is used to meet the requirements of customers and relevant regulations such as the European Battery Act for the use of recycled materials.
The prices of electrolyte fluids and lithium hexafluoride are expected to recover favourably. The company expects future prices of the electrolyte liquids and lithium hexafluoride products to recover benignly at \triangleright, influenced by price fluctuations in lithium carbonate from the core raw materials, on the one hand, and with downstream demand on the other.
The industry’s capacity utilization levels have steadily increased, and product prices and profitability will return steadily to a reasonable level in the context of improved supply and demand patterns. The company believes that the current rate of start-up for three lead-suppliers of lithium hexafluoride is already at a relatively high level, that he does not have a cost-effective capacity, that the actual production load is low or that there is no actual driving capacity.
A relatively balanced stage is needed. There is room for companies to upgrade their production capacity on the line of existing production, but they are not currently considering production, and companies will maintain a relatively balanced level of capacity utilization, and the release pace of new production will be taken into account in the context of changing demand in the market. \triangleright
Taking into account the construction of solid-state battery materials and new capacity, companies are given a value premium of 45 times greater than in 2026, first of all, the risk of technological overlap, the risk of price fluctuations of raw materials, the risk of overseas expansion, and the risk of intellectual property rights.
I'm sorry, sir. I'm sorry, sir. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, supplyophon 20000tons.
2026 to 2030. \triangleright theconstructionofthepilotprodactionlineforsolid-statebettermaticsexpedtobe
The company's playoutinsolid-statebatteryrealsmainlyincludessulfedandoxide solid-stateliterates.currently, thesulfideroute'ssolid-statectorlotteisinthepilotstage, Mainly cooperatingwithdownstreamstreambatterycustomsforormatalitechnologyverification.athesametime,
The companyplanstocompletethe constructionof thepilotproductionline by 2026andhastheabiltytomassproduceit.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, the companywillcontainueimprovestorethorsoursofwatersofwaterstebateries, insuressubplyofreccleedmatics, andgradually inclusetheproportionofferecycléclectimetemete the requirementsofcustomer sandrelevantregradationsschastheuropeanbatteryactontheproportionofproportionof
What's different?
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's not like I'm a member of the group, but I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group, and I'm a member of the group.
The industry of rsksoftechnologicalation, Fluctuationsinlawrealpricees, overseasexpansion, anddintellectualproperty.
The companies covered include: East Yoo Group, Global New Materials International, China Heart and Heart Fertilizer, China Fertilizer Group, China San Feng Group, China Sanjiang Chemical Group, China Union of Plastics, Pura Lin Sungshan, Migau Group, China Petroleum Chemical Group, China Xuyang Group, and Colour Player New Energy.
Source, Skychemistry, Science and Culture, etc.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take it easy on me.
I don't know, it's time for me to go to school, but it's time for me to say: 6 to 18 months disclaureofinterests (1) theanalystsand theirassociatesdonottserveasandofficeroftheissuementisthisresearchreport.
(2) thealystsandtheirassociatesdostoonyovenyfinciancionalinterestsindérationtotheissuementationintsresearchreport. (3) globalprosperitysocialcompanimationedand/oritssubsidiariaesdosothordealtoortoormorethan 1% ff themarketcapacitationof themissualizationintsreresearchreport.
(4) globalprosperityfinalcompanymitedand/oritssubsidiarieshavenothadinvesmentbanking_relativeships with the issuermentedinthisresearchreportwithintheprecipreding12months. (5) globalprosperityfinalsocialcompanymitededand/oritssubsidiaresareotma makingamarketin thesecuritiesinrespectospetorisseuer
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of this, but I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, group sofglobalprosperityful company, since it's time to find out what you're doing, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm going to be able to do it.
2025globalprosperityfinal company.allrightsreserved. unit 2301, 23/f. 308 centraldesvoeux, 308 desvoeuxroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong