Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) has seen a significant increase in performance during the quarter, and q2 is expected to be resilient to release transport and shipping ports.
The Middle and Far Seas Control published its first quarterly report in 2024, which led to a higher round of growth in performance. The Middle and Far Sea Control achieved 48.270 billion yuan in operating income in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.94% in the same year and 18.05% in the same year; the first quarter of the period of control of sea traffic was relatively stable, and the foreign trade single-box revenue was more stable.
In terms of the volume of cargo, 6.0273 million teu, an increase of 10.53 per cent over the same period, the structure of which shows a decrease in the volume of cargo, with the exception of the Asia-Europe Line, which was reduced by the impact of the Red Sea events, and the remaining routes, where the volume of cargo was greater, with a value of 2009.72, an increase of 107.45 per cent over the same period, but the revenue from the single container of the medium- and long-range sea-controlled international route was as follows:
$117,2.06/teu, a decline of $99.45/teu from the same year, and a substantial run-off of industry prices, we anticipate further revenue from the company's route in the second quarter as the company was able to secure the supply chain for its customers during the Red Sea events, with the landing of the price of the Association in 2024 and the increase in the spot price of the immediate shipment.
The Euro-American replenishment and the Red Sea events, or the reversal of supply and demand in the industry, are expected to result in a significant increase in average prices throughout the year. Since November 2023, tensions in the Red Sea have continued, with a tightening of the supply of the relevant routes’ markets driving the movement, which has recovered at the end of the year, taking into account that about 30% of the world’s transport capacity is deployed on the European line from the Suez Canal.
In addition, the current stock of consumer goods in Europe and the United States is in a lower position, the stock ratio has been repaired, and the tailing effect is expected if followed by the replenishment of the stock.
In the mid- and long-term, the Middle-Sea Controls (601919.sh) and 2022 report - high performance, 23 years.
Sea Control, as a fleet owner, showed better bargaining power than industry averages at both ends, and the company was expected to lead the industry against the backdrop of continued tension in the Red Sea and the prospect of opening a replenishment bank in Europe and America when Middle and Far China Control (601919.sh) - the Association of Governors increased the quality of profits and actively promoted the Hong Kong Navigation Association.
Middle and Far Seas Control (6019.sh) - Reconnaissance of the first fleet of shipowners, asset quality continues to improve The Middle and Far Sea Control published its first quarterly report in 2024, which achieved a higher round-up in performance. The Middle and Far Sea Control recorded a real operating income of 48.270 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.94 per cent in the same year and a net gain of 18.05 per cent in the ring; and a net return to the mother.
Figure 1: Medium- and Far- Seas controlled operating income and speed of increase Figure 2: Middle and Far-sea controlled net return profit and speed of increase Figure 3: Middle and Far-sea controlled single-quarter operating income and speed of increase
Figure 4: Medium- and Far-sea control of single-quarter net profits and increases in the volume of controlled cargo during the first quarter is relatively stable, and foreign trade single-box revenues are more stable. In the first quarter, the Middle and Far-Sea control totals 6.0273 million Teu, an increase of 10.53 per cent over the same period, with the exception of the Asia-Europe Line, which is the result of the Red Sea incident.
In terms of prices, the average value of ccfi in January-March was 1290.49, an increase of 18.76 per cent, and the average value of scfi in 2009.72, an increase of $/Teu, a significant run-off in the shipping industry, which we expect to have implemented in large numbers during the Red Sea events.
As a result of the supply chain security provided to customers, the revenues from corporate routes are expected to increase further in the second quarter as the prices of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations landed in 2024 and the prices of current shipments increased. Euro-American replenishments and Red Sea events, or the reversal of supply and demand in the industry, are expected to increase significantly in average prices throughout the year.
Since November, the situation in the Red Sea has continued to be tense, with the tightening of the market power supply on the relevant routes contributing to a recovery in prices at the end of the year, taking into account that about 30 per cent of global capacity is deployed on the European line, while the roundabout from the Suez Canal route will stretch about 30 per cent of the distance one-way, as in the case of the Red Sea incident throughout the year, or will lift the industry as a whole by about 9 per cent of its needs.
In addition, the current stock of consumer goods in Europe and the United States is in a lower position, the stock ratio is being repaired, and the tailings effect is expected to further stimulate the industry’s upwards in prices if followed by a replenishment. Figure 6: United States stock and consumption are at a lower rate than per year.
Figure 7: U.S. Treasury ratios have returned to normal levels (to the end of the pool), and as a fleet of shipowners, sea control has shown better bargaining power than industry averages at both ends of the cost of revenue, and now, against the backdrop of continued tensions in the Red Sea, Europe and America are expected to open up a replenishment facility, the company is expected to lead the industry to a profit-making process.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject