Pulsified petrochemicals (002493.sz) 23rd of June 2023.
• China's petrochemical industry core assets, currently pb, are at a historically low level, covering the first time that the company has a “buy-in” rating.
The company's current stock price is 2.3 times the price of 2023 pb, at a lower grade value in almost five years, and it has not been able to keep up with the recovery of downstream demand, the firm's ongoing construction, and we firmly value the company's performance with sufficient up-and-up-flexibility and hope to revalue it. We expect the company to return to its mother's net profit in 2023-2025.
New petrochemicals, a leading global head refinery, has multiple core competitivenesss, with significant alpha properties.
In addition, the company’s energy costs, logistics costs, or will be further explored in the future with the construction of a mountain fish power plant, a gold pond crude oil storage base. In addition, the fossilized industrial chain is superior, and its design follows a “low-oil multiplicity” of oil, and in the future, with the three ongoing projects moving forward, the harvest rate of the finished oil will be higher.
The chemical structure will continue to decline, and the chemical structure will be upgraded. The petrochemical heavy oil is highly processed, highly hydrogenized, with a high aromatic aromatic output, with a single petrochemical plant having a capacity of up to 9 million tonnes/year.
• 2023q1, the aromatic industry chain repair is evident, or will move out of the bottom zone, new materials open up the growth space tons, px price spreads continue to grow. As of 16 June 2023, the price gap for px-stone brain was approximately $435.35/ton, an increase of $143.63/ton from 1 January 2023, and the profitability recovery is evident.
By June 18, 2023, the pta price difference was still as high as $405. We continued to look at the upward elasticity of the aromatic chain. In addition, the company’s layout of new high-end material such as Poe is expected to open up the growth space.
1.1. The company owns the largest single-body refinery in the world and builds a powerful alpha-chemical platform in both directions. The company is one of the leading petrochemical companies in the country, relying on the largest single-body refinery in the world, Zhejiang, which actively promotes integration and multi-industry chain layout. In 1995, the company was established in the former City of Siushan, Win Seong Textiles Ltd.
For the first time, the company’s main business was manufacturing, processing fabrics, scrubbing filaments, and so on. First, in 1997, the company was proactive in introducing advanced pet-slicing and ballistics equipment from Japan, while at the same time voluntarily abandoning the fabric business and transforming itself from the traditional textile industry to the upstream optics industry.
Second transition: In 2002, the Zhejiang Young Seong Chemical Fibres Company Ltd., a project to produce 200,000 tons of polyesters and straight silk per year, became operational, marking the shift from the company's main business to polyesters, molten bodies, straight wires, bullet-loaded integrated production: at the end of 2004, two pairs of single-line fibres produced 200,000 tons of polyesters per year.
A third transition: in 2005, the Zhejiang Shengpta project, a company-owned subsidiary, became operational and the company successfully moved into the pta area and the industrial chain was further improved.
In 2010, the company successfully landed at the bottom of the market. The fourth transition: in 2015, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Ningping Bo, Ltd., launched the aromatics project, further extending the chain up to the px. During this period, the company accumulated valuable refinery operations and management practices.
The fifth transition: in 2019, the company’s controlled subsidiary, Zhejiang, became fully operational in early 2022. Since then, Zhejiang has become the world’s largest monolithic enterprise.
The company, based on the petrochemicalization of the river and its two-way multi-industrial chain layout, has turned its way from a textile factory to a platform-based petrochemical enterprise. The company has developed a “two-way, cross-cutting development strategy”; vertical: refining integration from the bottom up; horizontal: constantly digging for efficiency gains and widening the product matrix.
On 17 August 2022, the company announced its intention to invest in high-end new materials projects (for a total projected investment of $64.1 billion), high-performance resin projects (for a total projected investment of $19.2 billion), 1.4 million tonnes/year of ethylene.
In addition, the company plans to invest in the construction of a new material park in the canoe market, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2025 with full capital.
The subsidiary, with its main focus on new materials (Taizhou), has invested in the construction of a project to produce 10 million tons of new high-end chemical materials per year in the city of Taizhou to speed up the layout of new high-end materials such as new energy materials, engineering plastics, high-performance resins, special rubbers and elastics, degradable plastics, high-end polyolefins.
The 40 million tons of refined energy from the river have continued to tap into potential efficiency, high-end chemicals in both directions and high-quality product structures. In the future, with ongoing projects under way, the growth of capacity and the optimization of product structures are expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the company’s performance.
Proportion of shares in executing subsidiaries; Note 3: Tables show output statistics for the company's main product, and the smelting-blocking devices are summed up in chapter II of this report. 1.2 Saudi Arabia's high premium on equity, which highlights the recognition of company value in international financial markets, the clear and stable structure of the company's equity, Saudi Arabia's high premium on equity, and the price of the company in international financial markets.
As of March 31, 2023, the shareholders in the company were Zhejiang Wing Sheng Group Limited, with 61.46 per cent of the shares; the company actually controls Mr. Li Shuiyong, with 51 per cent of the company ' s holdings on direct and indirect total stock holdings, and zerochemicals owns the largest single-body refinery in the world and the largest px production in the world.
Base; China Gestalization as a wholly-owned subsidiary connected to petrochemicals, with obvious synergies. On 27 March 2023, the company issued a communiqué: On 27 March 2023, aramcooverseas, a fully-owned subsidiary of the Everest petrochemical Holdings and the Zheung Sein Holdings Group, Ltd., and Saudiarabianoilcompany (Saudi Arabia-Arabics)
Companyb.v.(aoc) has signed the Agreement on the Purchase and Sale of Shares.
Prior to and after the transfer, the status of the Emeritus Holdings and the Aoc Holdings of the Emeritus petrochemicals was as follows: According to the Emeritus petrochemical Proclamation, on 27 March 2023, the company established a strategic cooperative relationship with Saudi Arabia and signed a Strategic Co-operation Agreement, which is valid for 20 years. In addition, Eon Seok Seok and its subsidiaries and sands.
Tea Mae and its associates signed a package of agreements on crude oil procurement, relief deeds, parent company guarantees, ats frame rack agreements, feedstock supply framework contracts, chemical framework agreements, framework agreements for refined and chemical products, crude oil storage framework agreements, technology sharing framework agreements, etc., and both parties have entered into a package of agreements on crude oil procurement,
Cooperation in the supply of materials, the sale of chemicals, the sale of refined chemical products, the storage of crude oil and the sharing of technology.1 The Crude Oil Purchase Agreement: Saudi Arabian, petrochemical and Pyrochemical (Singapore) Pty Ltd. will enter into a crude oil purchase agreement (cosa) with a commitment of forty per day for Saudi Arabian-American supplies to zolpidem.
Eighty thousand (480,000) barrels of Arab crude oil for processing at a refinery in Choshan City, Zhejiang Province, China, the purchase price is determined on the basis of open crude oil market indicators: the initial fixed duration of the agreement is 20 (20) years, followed by an extension of the agreement for a period of five (5) years, unless otherwise terminated under the agreement; the parties will sign simultaneously, including relief deeds
and related agreements, including parent company guarantees (pcg). 2, ats framework agreements: aramcotrainingsingaporepte.ltd (ats, Ames Singapore Trading Company) and Eun Seong Singapore will enter into framework agreements with the main content of which is to be in force during the period of service of Cosa, with the exception of the cosa Division.
In addition to the supply of crude oil, ats can supply Singapore with up to 80,000 barrels per day of Arab and/or non-Arab crude oil ... The agreement is a framework arrangement to be further negotiated and confirmed by the parties.3 The Crude Oil Storage Framework Agreement: Fossilization or its associated direction provides Saudi Ame with instructions in the town of Choshan
Crude oil storage tanks with a capacity of 3 million cubic metres and related facilities: (a) Saudi Arabian or their associates maintain the crude oil stock in the tanks at an indicative minimum level of 1.5 million metric tons and undertake corresponding replenishment obligations; and (b) if the crude oil stock in the fruit storage tanks is less than 1.5 million metric tons, Saudi Arabian or its associates should be required for 42 days from the date of the shortfall
The agreement is a framework arrangement. In our view, the company will help the company to have a strategic investor in Saudi Arabia and to enter into a related agreement.
To stabilize the supply of crude oil and expand the distribution channels for chemical products abroad, while providing a good basis for introducing advanced Saudi Arabian technology in such areas as refining oil and petrochemicals. At present, the company’s valuation is at a historically low grade level, with Saudi Aramco’s premium on equity, highlighting the recognition of the company’s value in the international financial markets, promising to lead the company toward a revaluation of its value.
1.3. The performance of the petrochemical production booster, with excellent cost control during the company period The high rate of growth in the company’s production support company, with high oil prices and low downstream demand, delayed the company’s performance throughout the year 2022.
In 2019, 40 million tonnes of petrochemicals/yearly refined integration projects (phase I) further extended the company ' s industrial chain, effectively reducing the company ' s production from upstream to downstream: 19.71% in 2020 and 26.51% in 2021, respectively.
As downstream demand gradually recovers, corporate profits will become more resilient. Cost controls are excellent and cash flow is strong.
Devices are interoperable, single-equipment repairs do not affect the overall plant’s production load, and effectively guarantee the plant’s back-to-back and long-cycle running. At the same time, scalding advantages, long-term running cycles also help the company shape a period of excellence. Figure 9: Cash flow of company operations from 2020 to 2022
2. Alpha: Molecularization is a global refinery with multiple competitive advantages of size, process, ancillary engineering, integration costs, product structure, etc. 2.1. Size: the largest single-body refinery in the world, with clear advantages of integration, scale, etc.
Chelmification is the largest single-body refinery in the world, integrated on a scale-based basis. The smelting plant is the trend in the global refinery. According to the paper " Study on Integrated Green Line Planning for Large Refinerys: If the process flow is the same, the smelting process can be 10 million tonnes/year at a full cost of less than 5 million tonnes/year.
Small and medium-sized refineries are difficult to compete with model refineries in terms of cost reduction, downstream extension, and integration of resources. Psychicization is the largest single-body refinery in the world, and refining integration has been achieved: through constant pressure-reducing evaporation.
Integrated layout and “molecular refining” concepts for multiple sets of devices such as distillation, hydrogen fragmentation, light hydrocarbon recovery, aromatic hydrocarbons combined maximize the efficiency of the use of oil resources, not only by reducing investment costs and production costs, but also by providing greater processing flexibility, high-end product extension: oils can be targeted and chemicalized in the actual course of operation
Changes in the demand for products, flexible adjustment of product structure to “oil-friendly oils, maleicene, maleic aromatic aromatics”; and the ability to go downstream and extend various types of new high-end chemical materials with “trichlorobenzene” raw materials.
The use of the process and the company ' s environmental assessment report may differ somewhat and are therefore available only for the reader; 2 - Tables are only for petrochemical phase I and phase II devices, and the planned 1.4 million tonnes/yearly of ethylene and downstream chemical installations (phase II engineering product structural optimization) project is described in table 1 in chapter I of this report and is therefore not included in this table. 2.2. Raw material: corresponds to 80 - 90 per cent or more of the world ' s crude oil class to facilitate the procurement of the opportunity oil species
The petrochemical raw material programme is designed as high-sulphur crude oil, with low-sulphur crude oil processing capabilities and a high degree of free choice of raw materials. In general, low-sulphur light crude oil processing processes are simple, investment is low, maintenance is light, but crude oil is relatively less adaptable and crude oil costs are high; high-sulphur heavy crude oil processing processes are complex and investment and maintenance is heavy, but crude oil is flexible.
High, and relatively low cost. The two series of distillation feed is graded for high-sulphur and high-sulphurate crude oil. The high-sulphur-based series: a 1:1 ratio of light Iranian crude oil, Saudi-medium crude oil with a mixture api of 31.6. The mixed series of crude oils is a high-sulphur mesobase with low metal content of depressurized oil and is sent to fixed beds.
Slag oil with hydrogen devulcanization. High sulfate acid series: Iran heavy crude oil, Brazil brade oil 7:3 feed, mixed api 26.7; Iran ' s heavy crude oil metal content is high, while Brazil ' s frade crude oil is a typical high-acid heavy-oil species, and the slag oil series has a fixed bed that is difficult to process directly, and is sent to delay coke decarbonization in order to improve the adaptability of crude oil.
Plants are designed for high-sulphur crude oil, with low-sulphur crude oil processing capabilities and a high degree of flexibility in material selection. At the time of operation, petrochemicals, based on the design, can be flexiblely adjusted for the purchase of raw materials, depending on the crude oil supply price of each type, and can process 80-90 per cent or more of the global crude oil product category, leaving sufficient space for the acquisition of the opportunity oil species.
2.3. Heavy oil processing: the "fixed bed plus magma bed" dual process, with significant benefits in the context of high oil prices, China's external dependence on crude oil has long been high. For the first time in 2019, China's external import of crude oil exceeded 500 million tons and its import dependence was 72.6 per cent; in 2020 and 2021, respectively, China's external dependence on crude oil was high.
73.6%, 72.0%. For the efficient use of scarce crude oil resources, the efficient use of heavy fractions (especially slag oil) is essential for the efficient use of crude oil.
The crude oil resources are often used more efficiently. The slag oil plus hydrogen, boiling-bed oil plus hydrogen, slurry-type beds (multiform beds or suspended beds), etc. The most extensive industrial application of slag oil plus hydrogen is the fixed-bed hydrogen process.
Delayed centrifugation: Delayed cokering is a relatively reliable thermal cracking technology capable of dealing with sub-standard slag oils, which is not susceptible to the nature of the raw material and is widely used because of its adaptive nature, high process reliability and lower investment and processing costs.
Fixed-bed oil plus hydrogen: During the hydrogenization of the fixed-bed oil, the feedstock is removed from the reactor bed with a catalytic agent at high pressure by the metal deposited on the catalyst, so that the tolerance of the catalyst determines the life cycle of the hydrogen-filling device. The rate of dissolution and diffusion of hydrogen in the material and in the asphalt determines the rate of heating.
However, the raw material of the fixed bed plus hydrogen device usually uses about 50% of the diluted oil to reduce the viscosity and significantly reduce the efficiency of the fixed bed plus hydrogen. In addition, the catalytic design and the fixed bed plus hydrogen reaction properties also make it difficult to convert the technique to asphalt, which is the fixed sheet oil plus hydrogen.
The process produces higher rates of light oils and higher value-added products, with better economic benefits in the context of higher oil prices. Boiling-bed oil plus hydrogen: the response bed layer of the technology is “inflated bed state” and can eliminate fixed-bed oil plus hydrogen.
However, helium is high and remixed, with desulfurization rates, nitrogen rates, carbon abatement rates, demetallicization rates slightly lower than fixed-bed oil plus hydrogen, and low-quality tailings production rates of about 25-40%. The typical boiling-bed oil plus hydrogen processing process is: low-mass depressure slag oils are treated with boiling-bed slag oil plus hydrogen, and wax fractions and depressure waxes are divided and reduced.
Oils, tarsaline oils are treated together with heavy oil-hydrogen-filling devices as feedstocks for catalytic fission devices. Powder-bed oils for hydrogen: At the core of the slag-oil-hydrogen-filling technology is the transformation of asphalt, while the development of the “moderate” catalysts is technology-critical: the process applies to high asphalt, high metal content, high carbon residue overweight,
The typical processing process for slag oil with hydrogen is that low-pressure slag oil is treated in a slurized bed with hydrogen, and the tail oil is separated by solvent de-alkane techniques and de-carried with the wax oil fraction of the slurry oil with hydrogen is used as an input to the catalytic fission device.
Comparison of the four slag oil processing programmes: (1) In the output of light oils and high-value-added products, according to the Chinese Research Institute for petrochemical Industries, " Choice of the route of heavy oil processing processes at different crude oil prices " , for the processing of sandy oils, light oils and
High-value-added products (petroleum + diesel + lime oil + liquefied gas + acetylene) produced by programmes ranging from small to large: slag oil < stationary bed plus hydrogen < boiling bed plus hydrogen < magma plus hydrogen > . Compared to boiling slag oil plus hydrogen, slag oil plus hydrogen has a slightly higher hydrogen consumption compared to its light oil production.
High-value-added products show a significant increase in production and a significant decrease in the fuel-fuel ratio. (2) In terms of economic efficiency, according to the paper by the China Research Institute for petrochemicals and petrochemicals, " Choices in the route of oil processing processes with lower crude oil prices " : for conventional crude oil (all types of crude oil that can be dealt with by fixed-bed oil plus hydrogen)
When crude oil prices are above US$45 per barrel, the fixed-bed oil hydrogenation programme is more economically efficient than the slag oil combing programme and is also clearly ahead of the boiling-bed oil plus hydrogen programme, so when crude oil prices are US$45-80 per barrel, it is recommended to use the fixed-bed oil plus hydrogen option. For the worse-quality raw materials, such as heavy oil, the price of crude oil is above US$80 per barrel.
The economic benefits of the slag oil plus hydrogen programme are better than those of the fixed-bed oil plus hydrogen; the slag oil plus hydrogen option is significantly more economically efficient for very poor raw materials such as the Tastyrene oil than the conventional crude oil plus hydrogen; and for both conventional and non-conventional crude oil, the economic benefits of boiling-bed oil plus hydrogen are less than the slurry state.
Subsoil oil hydrogenation programme, therefore, when crude oil is priced at $80/bail or more, it is recommended that slag oil be used for hydrogen.