Precious petrochemical rongsengpetrochemical (002493ch) short-term profit under pressure, new material transformations steadily progressing steadily with the late progressinnewmatictransformation.
In 2022, the company realized business income.
Sliding, especially in the second half of the year, was largely due to the high volatility of crude oil prices, while at the same time, billions of dollars, based on 51% equity, contributed companies' net profits to their mothers amounted to about 3.1 billion yuan, a decrease of 8.3 billion yuan.
The net profit for the 1q22-4q22 quarter is estimated to be 5.34 billion yuan for zolpidem, 3.200 billion yuan, 360 million yuan, -2.85 billion yuan for polyesters.
In 2022, there was a profit of $476 million in the petrochemical (arocarbons), a decrease of $1,720 million in the same year; the pta plants combined contributed $269 million to the mother's net profit, an increase of $357 million, we believe.
In the case of polyesters, microfiche (Long silk) and Inseinko techniques have been achieved, mainly because of the high size of the bottle, and the same profit has been lost. 40 million tonnes/year of refining integration projects have accelerated the layout of new materials.
The Division targets new energy sources and high-end materials, deploying new energy materials such aseva, dmc, pc, and abs, and the product chain continues to be enriched. As new projects move forward steadily, new energy materials, renewable plastics, special synthetic materials and high-ends are being deployed.
• It is proposed to introduce Saudi Arabia-Amey as a strategic investor and to cooperate in the supply of crude oil, in the purchase and sale of chemical products, in the storage of crude oil, and in the development of technology.
The Shareholder Holdings and the strategic partner Saudi Arabia-America's wholly-owned subsidiary aoc signed the Stock Trading Agreement, which is intended to transfer 1,013 million shares of its holdings to aoc by way of an agreed transfer, at a cost of $24.3 per share.
We believe that working with Saudi Arabia and the United States, on the one hand, can secure a long-term and stable supply of crude oil and other chemical raw materials and, on the other hand, expand the channels for overseas distribution of chemicals.
By strengthening technology sharing and co-researching chemical products, it is expected that there will be mutually beneficial predictions and investment ratings. We expect the company to return its net profits in 2023-2025.