Event 2: On 26 April, the company announced in its first quarterly report, 2023, that it would collect 69,721 million yuan, that its raw materials would fluctuate sharply throughout the year, that its demand would improve over time, and that, throughout the year 2022, Pyrochemical II would be fully achieved, leading to a significant increase in production and sales, but that it would do so.
The industry faces the twin challenges of large fluctuations in crude oil and fluctuations in demand due to the epidemic, and overall profitability is high. The sharp rise in crude oil in the first half of the year and the rise in the refining chain, but the price of oil above $100 per barrel, makes neither oil nor chemical prices impossible to transmit. The price of crude oil has declined rapidly in the second half of the year.
The risk of stock loss and the decline due to insufficient cost support for products are compounded by the recurrent domestic demand of the epidemic, which has increased industrial stocks, with more chemicals price differentials reaching historically low scores.
After that, most of the product price differentials were repaired, especially the finished oils and the aromatic px-pta chain, which we believe will be repaired gradually. At the same time, despite repeated events, the cost side has stabilized in the middle-high tremors, and the smoothing of raw material fluctuations has contributed to reducing the risk of stockpile management.
• Extending the chain of refining industries, with hundreds of billions of investments driving growth, carbon neutralizing and in the context of new refining projects, despite tight approvals, the company has been able to replenish and drop along the chain.
Oil enhancement and product value-added routes can still guarantee future capital expenditure, thus driving medium-term planning, especially the planned projects of eva, dmc, α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe, Xydamine and Xydulium, which are now in urgent need of domestic import substitution and faster downstream growth in new energy chemicals or high levels.
Performance material. We think that competition in new materials would be a powerful asset for a refining firm, with the pre-investment advantage of sufficient cash flows and the profit-making switch point of high R & D inputs, with hundreds of billions of investments driving growth.
The three most efficient outputs are the continuing cost advantages associated with the advantages of an integrated platform, and the scarcity of the advantages of raw materials will become increasingly apparent in the context of tight project approval. 2. Saudi Arabia’s Al-Amey premium premium is high, and its people are very good.
3. Three quarters of performance is under repair and prices of new materials plus products and raw materials are highly volatile; competition in the refining industry is increasing;
On 19 April, Precious Stone published the 2022 annual report. According to the announcement, in 2022, the company achieved a total revenue of $289,095 million, an increase of 63.3 per cent over the same period; Māori $5,620 million, a decrease of 82.01 per cent over the same period; and achieved (0.38 percentage points below the same year), sales costs, management costs, research and development costs and financial costs.
The business position of 2022q4 was down relative to q3 and the net return to the parent showed a negative return. It was calculated that the increase was 2.54 percentage points compared with the increase.
Figure 4 Māori Quarterly Changes in Māori Quarterly Changes in Māori Quarter Change in Māori Quarter Change in Māori Quarter Change in Māori
Figure 6 Quarterly changes in net profit returns of companies
Figure 10 Quarterly changes in the four costs of the companies Chart 9 Quarterly changes in the four costs of the companies Chart 16 Cash seasons for the purchase of fixed assets, intangible assets and payments for long-term assets
Figure 17 Biannual changes in stock turnover days Figure 18 Quarterly changes in stock turnover days 2
2.1 Refinement plates: The first half of the year saw a rapid increase in profits, the second half of the year saw a drop in full production of the annual refining integration project (phase II), with an additional 20 million tonnes/year refining capacity equipped with four regular sets of magma bed units and the highest slag oil conversion rates worldwide.
In 2022, the demand for marketed oil subsided, with domestic gas, diesel and aviation kerosene falling by 11.6 per cent, 4.7 per cent and 28.6 per cent, respectively, while the company ' s refining plates continued to expand and the refining plates were achieved.
Compared to the same period last year, the company ' s portfolio operations increased significantly this year. Four products of 22q4 refined plates, including gas, diesel, aviation kerosene, paracetal oil, were at an average spot price of $8006 per ton, $8438 per ton, $7829 per ton/cost, with the most refined plate raw materials in 2022 at 91.53 per cent, depreciation, energy, labour, respectively.
Wages were 3.90%, 3.45%, 0.89% respectively. Compared to the same period last year, the share of raw materials and manual wages was broken down by the cost of the company's refining industry in 222021
Figure 23 Refining plate operating data 2.2 Chemical plate sizes: demand is weak, leading to year-round profits and a marked increase in production and sales. In 2022, the company established two subsidiaries to add value to refined raw materials and build new chemical materials upland.
The company is moving forward with new material projects, which include investing $19.2 billion in new sets of devices such as ldpe/eva, eva, ldpe, dmc, pmma and abs, and plans to invest $64.1 billion in building fission devices, acetylene devices, poe polyolefin felastics, polybutylene-1, acetic acid devices, acetic acid devices, ethylene devices,
eva/ldpe (pipeline) devices, adipic acid devices, adioxin devices and adiamine devices, etc., in order to increase capacity and enhance the overall competitiveness of enterprises. In 2022, the chemical plate generated $113,899 million, an increase of 66.40 per cent; Gross profit of $11,821 million, a decrease of 54.28 per cent.
An additional 1.4 million tonnes/year ethylene ethylene and downstream chemical installations project aimed at increasing raw material production, providing more raw material security and space for companies to develop new downstream high value-added materials and fine chemical industries, and promoting green low-carbon development.
The price of the rest of the products showed a downward trend; the largest decline was in cost terms, with 90.3 per cent of raw materials in 2022 and 3.90 per cent in depreciation, energy, labour wages, and 0.89 per cent respectively. The share of raw materials increased by 0.84 pct compared to the same period last year.
Figure 26: Bi-annual changes in corporate chemical block revenues
Figure 282022 Cost splits in the chemical industry
The company has a significant advantage in pta plate, old devices have been upgraded, new devices are being put into production, and Henan Shengsheng is actively pursuing new projects and has successfully delivered 50,000 tons of food-grade regenerative polyester (rpet), which is expected to become the largest food in the country in the future, with a 2.5 million tonnes/year pta project and 1.8 million tonnes/year polyester bottler devices expected to become the largest in the country.
The average spot price of the 22q4pta plate was $5,657 per ton, with the highest percentage of pta raw materials in 2022, 94.23 per cent, depreciation, energy, labour.
Wages were 1.80%, 2.63%, and 0.13% respectively.
Figure 352022 Company pta plate cost split Chart 37 pta plate operating data 2.4 polyester plate: low end demand and increased profit compression by industry expansion
The company is moving forward with new projects in polyester plates, and Insein’s high-end membrane production capacity is expanding, with 150,000 tons of production lines to be released this year. The 500,000 tons of differentiated fibres project is also actively under way in Sein Yuan II, with 1.41%, 5.07%, and 1.91% respectively.
Figure 39 Māori bi-annual changes in company polyester plates
Figure 432022 Cost splits of corporate polyester plates, Figure 442021 Cost splits of corporate polyester plates 3 Reversed bottom of the refining landscape, looking for recovery of demand
3.1 Refining plates: the outbreak policy was optimized, the refined plates were first reheated in 2023, the refined plates were reheated in 2022: the demand for petrol coal, the demand for diesel fuel, and the slow repair of sulfur oil in 2022. The fall in Russian crude oil production in the context of the Russian-Turkish context led to a tightening of market supply, coupled with the continuing stock of crude oil markets
The decline has led to a sharp rise in international oil prices, supported by a strong raw material base in the market for finished oils and quarries as a whole, but demand has been divided by downstream influences. Throughout the year, overall demand for diesel fuel has been boosted by the start-up of large-scale industrial and infrastructure industries, and petrol, aviation and kerosene have fallen sharply as a result of the epidemic.
In 2022, China’s refinery capacity continued to rise, with a net increase of 1760 per year.
Ten thousand tonnes/year or 188%, total capacity rises to 947 million tonnes/year, and quartz oil vapour fission amounts to 32.28 million tonnes/year. Total capacity stabilized at 935 million tonnes/year in the first half of the year. 20 million tonnes/year of petrochemical integration projects were delivered in late June, and production capacity increased to 955 million tonnes/year in September.
At the end of the cost, the geopolitical conflict persisted, the crude oil supply was inflexible, and crude oil was expected to rise and collapse in 2023.
At the demand side, as epidemic control policies normalize, gasoline, and aviation kerosene demand are repaired by the same ratio. According to data for the first quarter of 2023, gasoline has reached the same level in previous years, and kerosene, although lower than in previous years, is in a fast-repair route.
With regard to the need for cerebral oil, the consumption of ethylene oil in the first quarter of 2023 was significantly higher than in the first quarter of 2022. Although the combined profits of ethylene in 2023 were not encouraging, the consumption of cerebral oil would continue to increase, considering the production of new units such as the Guangdong petrochemical and Hainan refining, and the chemical project would have a clear demand for light cerebral oil.
In terms of restructuring the market, the increase in px production is also a market hot spot in recent years, and will also boost the demand for light stone brains. The Federation expects that the proportion of chemical light oil to our oil terminal demand in 2023 will be consumed monthly (tonne tons) of gasoline in 2018 in figure 452019-2023.
Figure 472019-2023 Monthly consumption of aviation kerosene (tonnes) Figure 48 Prices of main refined oil products (m/t) Supply end, short-term, first quarter 2023, reduction in the production of scephalus oil, and incentives for processing with short-term refineries
Lower loads are relevant, and spring repair and holiday factors exist. One-year dimensions, new projects have increased the production of sulfur oil, which is largely matched by demand, as the new production capacity is mostly integrated, but may be strained with the release of px projects and the supply of reassembled sulfur oil.
Without changing our position as a net importer of petrocephalus oil, we have introduced an import quota system for petrocephalus, with successive increases in import quotas issued by the Ministry of Commerce in 2020-2023. In cooperation with Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia has consolidated the crude oil procurement supply chain.
At the same time, Eon Seok-seok and Saudi Arabia signed the Strategy 10,000 barrels of Arab crude oil (the 20-year period of the agreement, with a five-year extension option) based on open crude oil market indicators; Saudi Ame supplied additional supplies of no more than 80,000 barrels of petrochemical oil per year through ats; Saudi Amer did so through ats.
The supply of fossilized petrocephalus, mixed dibenzene, direct-distilled fuel, etc., totals 200,000 tons per year. As the first major oil company and long-term stable crude oil purchasing partner for petrochemicals, Saudi Arabian-American equity and subsequent packages of purchases, stock management, etc., have been active in stabilizing the supply of petrochemical crude oil and reducing procurement costs.
3.2 Chemical panels: project construction on a continuous basis, layout of new materials upland 2022: outbreak disturbance of demand for chemicals, observation of recovery of demand due to high fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, pre-high and low prices for the main products of the chemical panels, first half of the year due to:
Crude oil rises rapidly, with an excessive short-term increase of $130 per barrel, while the spread of the epidemic has led to a lack of demand, unwieldy upstream costs, high chemical prices, but narrow profit margins. Crude oil prices in the second half of the year are expected to fall due to interest increases, chemical costs are not supported by strong overseas demand, but domestic demand is driven by the epidemic.
We believe that the main contradictions are now centred on the pace of demand recovery, that there is a certain inertia in the epidemic's demand for consumption, etc., that the repair process is improving on a quarterly basis, and that there are domestic economic policies in place to see whether the actual demand situation abroad is consistent with the expected recession, and we believe that the current price at the node contains pessimism.
The supply side is expected to be limited. This year ' s release of Guangdong petrochemical, Hainan refining, and Xulong petrochemical production of new herbs may, to some extent, suppress the resilience of restorations.
Zhejiang petrochemicals are the largest private refinery in the country, leading in its production efficiency. They have the largest private refining capacity in the country, and have a large size and integration cost advantage in refining, refining, pta, polyesters.
From a policy point of view, the Guidelines for the Promotion of Quality Development in the petrochemical Industry, issued jointly by the six ministries on 7 April, clearly state the need to guide the refining project “reducing oil” because of the need for finished oils, which will be reduced in the future under the double carbon target, and the increased demand for petrochemical products, which leads to healthy industrial development.
From the point of view of “reducing oil”, the company, as a fibre-optic company, has the capacity to absorb the capacity of large-scale px installations, and to enter the refining industry, where it has the potential to reduce the internal demand for low-oilification ratios and to maximize the availability of chemical products such as px, which can help to promote the high quality of the refining industry.
The advantages of companies are also reflected in the flexibility to adjust px blocks to different market environments: the 2022 px market as a whole was high and low, with prices continuing for the previous year in the first half of the year, while the first half of the year was marked by a significant increase in profits, supported by oil support and quantitative supply and demand performance.
Overseas gasoline is profitable, while it enters the high demand season for oil produced in Europe and the United States, which needs to import aromatic hydrocarbons to meet the demand for gas and to supplement the local chemical needs, while Japan and Korea are in the process of overhauling and opening up the upscaling of aromatic products, reaching their peak in June, at a time of over $1,500 per ton.
The price of px, which is well-backed by the lopsided effects of rising domestic supply, is still at a relatively high level, with pta plates: the price of pta fell slightly after a sharp increase in 2022, and the market was significantly higher than in 2021. Since the beginning of the year, the pta market has been moving up the road, and it has been booming since the beginning of the year, mainly because of international activity.
The price of crude oil has risen all the time, driving the downstream pta market up. The cost side has slammed down into the downstream pta industry, and the pta industry processing fee has been reduced to a negative value at some point; because of poor industry profits and the difficulty of following up with the pta market futures, the plant has been strongly marketed, and the firm’s prices have been raised, and the pta’s absolute prices have risen sharply, but the price has risen sharply.
Outlook 2023: px and pta profits are warming in the short term, and post-saving price differentials are on the rise. px plate: at the cost end, China’s economy is warming Asia’s economy, and growth in crude oil demand is expected to support oil prices, high crude oil shocks, and cost-side support preferences; on the supply side, the expected new px devices are in production
The market mentality, demand side, is not on track, the downstream pta end industry is clearly up, the supply and demand side is on the right side, and together they drive up the pre-quarter px market. In the post-market context, we think that we can sustain the bias, cost-side crude oil is on the right side, and demand side is on the right side.
On the supply side, partial installation repairs in the second quarter have affected supply, and after six months of chemical depression, px new installations have either come into production or have less than expected pta plates: pta prices and processing fees in 2023 have been significantly repaired.
Demand, although currently weak, is limited by the fact that processing fees have been compressed to very low levels and the downside space is limited. The market supply has declined significantly in recent times, with the repair and reduction of pta installations concentrated, while downstream polyester loads have gradually risen to high levels, supply and demand remain in a state of de-storage, current supply flows have become more tight, and processing fees have been restored to some extent.
In the long run, the px-pta industrial chain, the costs of large refining, the advantages of downstream industrial chains remain obvious, and the outlook is still clear.
The recovery benefits most from the recovery. By 2025, if the current construction and proposed production capacity is considered, the domestic pta capacity integration device will be available. Assuming that the production capacity is on schedule, it will increase industry competition in the short term, leading to accelerated washing and production clearance. The decisive factor in this shuffling is the cost advantage, which is based on the original.
The degree of self-sufficiency, scale and technological sophistication of the material. Compared to the advantages of complete self-control of the raw material, which is available at the lowest cost, px accounts for about 85-90% of the raw material costs, a low-cost px has an absolute competitive advantage. Second, the advantage of size, which is currently pta.
By 2012, the total capacity of the devices was within 1.5 million tons, and the current size of the new devices was around 2 million tons, with the cost of single-ton energy consumption, raw material consumption, and single-ton depreciation falling significantly. In the second phase, new materials were put into production, with 19 million tons of total equity participation, and 8.97 million tons of equity.
Helium petrochemicals, together, are the top two of the industry. Finally, technological advances.
As a result, it has a significant advantage on all three elements of competition, and the industry as a whole will have a strong and strong stance. With the lowest cost advantage of the industry and the cash flow from a large refining industry, the economy will be able to expand in reverse, with great elasticity in its performance once the wheel’s backward output is phased out.
We believe that the benefits will be fully realized by firms able to expand in reverse, with low-cost and cash-flow advantages. Large-scale refining firms rely on the power of an integrated raw material platform, with the highest left-hand cost curve in the industry, with lower processing costs and greater flexibility in the event of a reversal of the industry’s climate.
Px production capacity of 10.6 million tons, pta capacity of 22 million tons, the company owns the world's largest chemical production capacity, including pta, px, etc. The next 2.5 million tonnes/year pta and 1.8 million tonnes/year polyester bottler devices are expected to continue this year with new polyester material plates: supply pressures remain, waiting for demand recovery
Polyesters and long filament plates 2022: Significant year-round fluctuations, weak year-round demand for spinning, and recovery of terminal demand. Polyester plate 2022: The market for polyester slices as a whole in 2022 showed an upward and downward trend throughout the year. Upstream costs were strongly supported in the first half of the year, while slices were low in stock and passed to the highest point of three years.
Prices have fallen, but the short-term benefits of px supply shortages, coupled with the decline in pta’s start-up, have underpinned the pta’s price boom and cost-end support has intensified again. But the four-quarters have gone down as the crude oil market has fallen and demand for the final textile industry has continued to stagnate, with high stocks running through the four-quarters, cost and demand depressed polyester slices.
Pilgrim filament: The trend in the long silk market in 2022 was more volatile, the overall price fell, the rising factors went up, the domestic economy went down, the capacity of the population to consume non-essential items such as clothing was declining, the market was losing, the spring and summer clothes were out of order, downstream knitting companies were running low loads and financing was slow to return.
The increase in production capacity is still under way, mainly around leading firms, concentrated in one or two quarters, with market supply pressures increasing or decreasing, resulting in a particularly significant supply and demand gap throughout the year, a further contraction of downstream demand at the end of the year. Under the double pressure of stock and loss of efficiency, most businesses are starting to lose their jobs in early leave mode, the city.
At the end of the year, there was a sharp drop in field output, with the opening rate of the long wire market at only 50% near the end of the year, and the planned launch of the long wire project in the fourth quarter of the year, which had also been delayed due to conflicting supply and demand. The entire long wire market was supported by the cost of polyester slices and scavengers. On the demand side, the domestic outbreak control was optimized to facilitate the terminal market.
On the external trade side, geopolitical, inflation, and so on, are constraints on the market mentality and on the gradual recovery of production and supply capacity in other economies. As a result, foreign demand for Chinese commodities is not as strong as it used to be, and export pressures remain.
In the long run, the concentration of long-term scrubbers has continued to increase, and the need for differentiation has been highlighted. As capacity expands, small-scale enterprises have gradually withdrawn from the market, the industry will accelerate the shuffling, and the industry will be squeezing the long-filac industry.
The pattern is expected to continue to optimize, market concentration and competitiveness are expected to increase further. The longer-silent pattern is more stable, and the new production capacity is being built entirely by head firms, indicating a more stable long-silent pattern, which in recent years has entered the stage of development that should be reflected in the upstream and downstream industrial chains, and the gap between small and medium-sized long-silver firms and leading firms has been advanced.
Another significant trend is that the process of production of long-line scrubbers usually requires multiple and complex differentiations, functionalization, high attachments, etc., which differentiate between the demand for long-line scrubbers. Depending on the need for differentiation, the long-line scrubbers vary according to the need for them.
It can be divided into high simulations (demons, heterogeneous interfaces, diffusion, filamentary densities), new functionalizations (fire retarders, high-strength wires, conductive wires), high performance differentiations (exceeding hair, hypercrystal cotton, hypercrystinctane, etc.). Companies have long variations, often in filamentary directions.
Energetic petrochemicals are based on the advantages of refining, with 460,000 tons of poy, 540,000 tons of fdy, and 420,000 tons of dty. At the same time, new projects are advancing, the production of high-end membranes is expanding, and 150,000 tons of production lines will be released this year.
In August 2022, the company issued three foreign investment announcements, which are planned to be converted from petrochemicals into three medium- and lower-stream projects.
Under this heading, total investment would amount to $117.8 billion, and it is expected that 16.41 billion dollars in net annual profits will be realized after delivery. (1) It is planned to invest an additional 1.4 million tons of ethylene/nearstream chemical installations, with a total investment of 34.5 billion yuan.
(b) It is planned to invest in high-performance resin projects with a total investment of 19.2 billion yuan, which is expected to be constructed over a period of two years, with the aim of using petrochemicals I and II chemicals as raw materials for the expansion of new, high-value-added materials downstream of the layout.
Net profits of 2,423 million yuan/year after delivery. (3) It is planned to invest in a high-performance resin project with a total investment of 64.1 billion yuan, which is expected to be built over a two-year period. The project will further optimize the industrial structure of the company, expand new materials and refine the capacity of the chemical industry, which is expected to be achieved after delivery.
A series of projects are planned to break market concerns about the company’s future forward growth. Carbon neutralization, despite tight approvals for new refining projects, leads the company along the line of chain-reducing, oil-reducing and value-added products.
In particular, the planned projects of eva, dmc, alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe, adiamine and adiazine are now in urgent need of domestic import of alternative, more rapidly downstream, new energy chemicals or high-performance materials. For refining companies, we believe that competition in the field of new materials will take place.
There will be sufficient advantages, first, the pre-investment advantages of sufficient cash flows, second, the efficiency and productivity of high R & D inputs, third, the continuing cost advantages of integrated platform advantages, and, in the context of tight project approvals, the scarcity of raw material advantages will become increasingly apparent.
Due to stock loss factors during the quarter, we have lowered the company's profit forecast for 2023, which is expected to result in significant price fluctuations for the bountiful petrochemical products and raw materials; Increased competition in the refining industry;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.