Energetic petrochemicals (002493): Smelting taps, building a new platform for material integration, internal refining maps, leading to international battles. After 30 years of farming, Energetic petrochemicals have been completed from "one silk" to "one drop of oil" to the growth of platform-type new material companies. In 2022, the triumph of petrochemical reverses expanded, with dry investment in new materials.
In March 2023, the company transferred 10% of its shareholdings to Saudi Arabia at high premium rates to achieve strategic cooperation on crude oil procurement, raw materials supply, and chemical marketing, with a long-term and revalued future. The petrochemicalization is used to construct the petrochemical mound.
The world's leading industry is now 40 million tons of refined oil, 11.8 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 4.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, with a 56% rate of chemical products. By petrochemicals, glory can be associated with the whole industry chain layout.
The company has its own pta-proprietary technology, and the integration paradigm is remarkably “reduced efficiency” and internationally competitive.
High self-sustainability; production capacity in downstream film, silk, and vials is in the lead. Future polyester production is expected to concentrate further head-to-head, with high entry barriers, and the company polyester industry is expected to maintain a long-term leadership advantage.
New material platforms with diversification and diversification. 1) Investing + 1 million tonnes under construction, with photovoltaic-classeva having long-term excellence; 2) Poe taking the lead in breaking key technologies; 3) Insein polyester membrane II, with high-end variations in products; 4) Deep layout of the diazole-Nylon 66 industrial chain, breaking raw material constraints; and 5) abs in short supply, with companies taking the lead in integrated production.
Most of the new projects are expected to gradually release capacity in the last three years, when the company will be expected to increase its yield and help the company become the core asset of the big chemical block. Large and beautiful, the value of the bottom of the industry cycle will be high.
Sector. As demand warms, there is a trend towards a recovery in product price differentials; the company's high-quality assets are being put into production, and the expected performance is expected to be gradual.
"I'm going to tell you, "I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you,
1.1. Intra-smelling map, leading to international battles 30 miles from “one silk” to “one drop of oil” and the uninterrupted growth of platform-type new material companies. In November 2010, Eon Seok was traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange stock, and now the layout is refined.
The entire industrial chain of phenyl, aromatic, aromatic, aromatic and downstream fertilisers (pta), ethylene diol (meg) and polyesters (pet, with bottles, membrane), and scrubbing filaments (poy, fdy, dty). In 2022, the glorification of petrochemical reverses expanded and continued to expand.
The company has a well-structured and well-distributed subsidiary. The company owns fully-funded or participating subsidiaries such as petrochemicals, China-Golden petrochemicals, China-South Fuzzys, Fugitives, Metabolic Fibres, and builds a global mega-integrated refining base, completes up and down, and continuously upgrades the new energy and materials industry chain.
The company optimizes its business layout and enhances its core competitiveness through strong alliances. On the domestic front, new materials are created in cooperation with stale petrochemicals; on the international level, zolpidem and uop jointly establish petrochemical technology for catalytic research and development; Transfer 10% of shares to Saudi Arabians and establish strategic cooperation on crude oil procurement, technology sharing, marketing of chemicals, etc.
The Company's Equity Structure and the Main Holdings signed an Agreement with the Saudi Arabian-American subsidiary, aoc, on 27th, and a Strategic Cooperation Agreement, in which it was agreed that it would be privileged to hold 1,012,552,501 shares (10 per cent of the company's total stock as at the date of this Agreement plus 1 share) of the company's total stock.
The shares are transferred to aoc at a price of 24.3 yuan/shares, with a total value of 24.6 billion yuan, and are transferred with many dimensions of cooperation to promote high-quality development. The controlling shareholders have signed a series of strategic cooperation agreements with Saudi Arabia and the United States, which allow companies to obtain long-term and stable supplies of raw materials, while at the same time promising to expand overseasization.
The agreement on the purchase of crude oil, which was initially fixed for a period of 20 years (subsequently extended over a five-year period), was used for the purchase of 480,000 barrels per day of crude oil of various grades from Saudi Arabia to the United States. In addition, Saudi Arabia provided $800 million a year in letters of credit.
Chemical Framework Agreement and Framework Agreement on Refinement and Chemical Products: Companies or Emeritus Singapore sells 800,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene, polypropylene, etc., 300,000 tonnes/year of chemical products, 15,000 barrels/day of refined products. Technology Sharing Framework Agreement: provide technologies with Saudi Arabians (but not limited to those in the refining and petrochemical industries).
Amer’s recognition of the value of China’s refined assets has allowed the company’s assets to be revalued.
The company ' s refining project contributed the vast majority of the profits. In December 2019, the petrochemical phase was officially launched, leading to a 30 per cent increase in total business income and a 275 per cent increase in gross business income for the enterprise through upstream refining of oil and related chemicals.
High crude-oil stocks combined with weak demand and short-term performance were affected. Oil prices have fallen rapidly since 2023, and the demand for downstream chemicals in Brent has weakened, as has the amount of fixed depreciation in the second phase of petrochemicals.
In 2023, q1, the company achieved an operating income of 69,721 million yuan, an increase of 1.63 per cent in the same year and 898 per cent in the same year; and a net return of 14,168 million yuan, a decrease of 147.11 per cent in the same year.
Performance is expected to be restored by the recovery of refining and refining price differentials since q1 in 2023. Oil prices of 2023q1 finished products were repaired quickly. As at 31 March 2023, crude oil catalytic fission price differentials had risen by 77 per cent compared to the beginning of the year and were at a relatively high level in history; the recovery of major refining products downstream was slow, and most refining products were at a relatively low level in history.
In the context of the subsequent economic recovery and the continuing recovery of demand, such as travel, consumption, etc., the price differentials for finished products are expected to continue to be good, the price differentials for refined products are expected to gradually get out of the bottom, and the overall profit recovery for refined enterprises is imminent.
1.3. Research and development and capital inputs to ensure sustainable development. R & D and asset inputs are important underpinnings of future enterprise development.
Over the years, research and development and capital investment have been among the first in private refining and chemical industries. The investment in research and development and in asset plates has enabled companies to expand their industrial chains, with advanced production techniques and leading production capabilities. In addition to a significant increase in product sales, companies have benefited fully in terms of production costs and scale production, with synergies between industries and good capital investment.
Chemical companies have been ranked in R & D investment for the last five years, chemical companies have been ranked in capital expenditure for the last five years (millions) and the annual ratio of total fixed assets, reflecting the new products actually built and under construction by companies listed in the relevant sub-sectors in 2022.
In addition, Proteus fixed assets are the largest in size, and in 2022, the proportion of re-sustained assets is far greater than that of similar enterprises, and it is expected that these assets will yield additional returns in 2023.
The cash flow structure is healthy and supports subsequent project development The company’s profit structure is healthy and solvency is good, and supports subsequent project development inputs.
The value of the margin has been higher than 100% since 2020, attesting to the good quality of operating profits. Given that the company is a asset-intensive enterprise, considering the impact of depreciation on profits on fixed assets, the net cash flow of the company is still higher than the net profit after deduction of the depreciation and, from the operational level, it can be considered that it has a strong bargaining power up and down the chain.
2. The petrochemical industry: energy changes, new material breakdowns 2.1. Refineries: growing capacity to produce eastwards, with a strong pre-integrate ahead of us, continue to increase our refining capacity, leading to the expansion of world production capacity. Currently, global refinery capacity is concentrated in Asia and the Pacific, Asia and the Pacific.
North America and Europe account for about 68% of the world’s capacity. In terms of refining capacity structure, North America’s production capacity is stable relative to the base, and Europe’s production capacity is declining, while Asia and the Pacific has experienced a significant increase in production, rising by 12.7% over the last decade, contributing to most of the growth, with a strong trend in Europe and other Asian production markets.
The share of global refining capacity (million barrels per day) and per cent increase in private refineries has increased. In recent years, domestic refining capacity has risen steadily as a result of large-scale refining integration projects. In 2022, China ' s refining capacity is expected to reach 924 million tons, the largest in the world.
With the energy revolution, the population’s demand for petrochemical products has been rising, and there are three new trends in the development of integration projects. 1) The refining of oil production is shifting to organic feedstocks. The current market is becoming increasingly demand for organic feedstocks, especially for acrylic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and their downstream products, and demand supports the transformation of refining integration from a re-finished oil harvest to a multi-yielding organic.
In comparison with the rest of the world, we have a significantly lower rate of oil harvest from State-owned and private refineries than the rest of the world, in line with the trend towards “reduced oil growth” in the refining industry.
The new project infrastructure is built at seven petrochemical bases, which will account for 40% of the country’s total capacity. 3) From traditional to multi-dimensional patterns of integration.
Production capacity is expected to continue to optimize in a two-carbon context, with a strong ahead. In 2021, the State Department released the Carbon-According Action Programme to 2030, which states that in 2025, the country’s primary processing capacity for crude oil was limited to 1 billion tons.
As a result, further phase-out of backward production capacity is expected in the future, and since the introduction of the two-carbon policy, the gold phase of the country ' s large-scale refining enterprises will have a priori advantage in large-scale refinery planning, and access is expected to be more difficult thereafter.
2.2. Hydrocarbons: National production substitution and emerging downstream demand dominate the development direction
There are also wide-ranging applications in science and basic research, where the growth of ethylene and acrylic production is increasing year by year. We are further releasing ethylene production, driven by foreign investment, state enterprises, and the accelerated construction of ethylene projects by private enterprises, and by the need to reduce domestic supply and demand gaps.
Production has grown from 25,975,000 tons to 46,190,000 tons, with an average annual compound growth rate of 12 per cent. After 2022, the expansion of domestic ethylene production continued, but output growth slowed down from 2020 and 2021. According to the crowds, downstream product competition has intensified. In the case of ethylene, for example, downstream products have also increased their supply as the country expands ethylene production capacity.
At this stage, low-end products are highly homogenized and competition is increasing, and precision and high-end is the way to development. According to IPC data, in 2020, the country ' s new chemical materials industry was about 650 billion yuan, consuming about 960 billion yuan, consuming about 37.7 million tons, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 71 per cent.
The lowest self-sufficiency is for high end polyolefins (47%); for engineering plastics and electronic chemicals (62%); and for synthetic rubber and high performance membrane materials (68%). As the domestic industrial structure is optimized, semiconductors, electronics, new energy, information communications, aerospace, etc., are gaining momentum and are expected to lead to a sustained increase in the demand for new chemical materials.
High-end polyolefin products are expected to open a new picture of refining. Smelting companies use the products of acrylic and polyolefins as the main feedstock, producing materials such as poe, photovoltaic eva, etc., as an important opportunity for refining companies to open up a new growth curve. Based on the optimistic predictions of cpia photovoltaic new loaders, we measure a 17/24% increase in demand for photovoltalineeva 2023-2024, and a pe particle.
As new production lands are available, the raw materials for downstream polyester products are available and cost-effectively improved. Previously, the pta-polyester industry chain was subject to high upstream import dependence on raw materials, and most of the profits from the chain were often split between the industries producing px (for dibenzene) and meg (ethylene diol) from overseas upstream raw materials. However, as domestic private refining, etc., has taken place in recent years.
Rapid expansion and centralized construction of domestic coal-based ethanol production, with import dependency rates for px and meg showing a significant downward trend in recent years, from about 60 per cent in 2017 to around 40 per cent, a drop of up to 20 pct. This trend has led to an expected improvement in polyester costs and has facilitated the movement of profits from the polyester chain downstream.
From 2017 to 2021, our px and meg production was dominated by an integrated industry, with an industrial chain voice. Since 2011, our pta production base has amounted to 70.25 million tonnes per year.
It constitutes an oligopoly pattern in which leading firms have a higher voice within the industry.
In 2022, the demand for raw materials rose and demand was weak, and the profit from the elixir was constrained. We are a large country with long silk production capacity, which, according to data, reached 3,754 million tons in 2022. International crude oil prices remained high in 2022, and the cost of raw materials should rise significantly. As a result of the epidemic, market demand was depressed, and the rate of downstream start-up was more under pressure.
The average rate of work on the long wires was 73.62%, a decline of 16% from the same year. This is reflected in the two rebounds in 2022, but the overall trend is declining.
The price difference between the price and the demand is gradually warming, and the profit is expected to improve. 1) Domestic: As the effects of the epidemic subside, residents' travel and consumption needs will be released quickly, and domestic longline needs will be met or the opportunity to reverse at the bottom. 2) Overseas: the pressure on shipping costs has slowed down considerably.
Dismantling, as maritime transport costs gradually return to normal levels, will be accompanied by a future recovery in overseas demand for long-leaf exports, with demand or continued energy. (2) Polyester thin film: polyester membranes are used as the main raw material for polyester slices, with good transparency, lightness, good physiology and fragrance, moderate tidal resistance, good visual mechanics, widely applied to LCD, health care, etc.
Packaging materials, electrical appliances, new energy, etc. Polyester membrane is divided into ultra thin membrane, thin membrane, thick membrane depending on the thickness of the membrane, and one-way polyester membrane (cpet) and two-way polyester membrane (bopet) depending on the stretching process.
In 2021, the demand for membrane in polyester membrane products reached 54%, an increase of 35 percentage points compared to 2012, and market demand facilitated a breakthrough in the production of polyester membrane, whose applications, in addition to optical film, electronics and membrane, are increasing in such areas as solar backboards, optical membranes, flame retardation membranes, etc.
The consumption structure of the country ' s bottom market in bopet membrane in 2021 and the consumption structure of our lower membrane in 2012) polyester bottlers: the two booms in the industry and beyond, short-term exports and the upgrading of demand structure for consumption in new areas; their sustainability
In the last two years, the export of the bottlers has been increasing. The demand for the polyester bottles is expected to continue to grow in areas such as high-end packaging of drinking water, fresh food boxes, medical tests, etc.
In the context of maintaining the relative competitive advantage of the domestic polyester bottle, China’s bottle industry is expected to replicate the development path of the highly similar chain of industry, with a focus on output to overseas markets under expansion of capacity.
The project is planned in two phases: one-time processing of 20 tons of crude oil per year.
Annual production of 5.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tons of ethylene annual production, completed at the end of December 2019; second phase of annual processing of 20 million tons of crude oil, 6.6 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tons of ethylene annual production, fully operational at the beginning of 2022.
3.1. Refinement capacity has a world-wide advantage The 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project, the largest single-body single-scale national refining integration project, ranked Zhejiang as the fifth largest in the world in terms of the size of the refining capacity of existing and individual plants under construction.
1) For the current large-scale refining units, the original refineries have a large scale effect, but the production capacity has been expanded by multiple units. Zhejiang petrochemicals have a single-line size advantage and sophistication. Global refining capacity rankings (as of 2022)
2) The entire design of the early traditional refineries is based on oil products, and either ethylene or px (catalytic reorganization) is usually implemented in stages, or it is not the subject of a petrochemical project, which results in insufficient product optimization between refined oil and petrochemicals, which is the complete subject of an integrated refined oil + ethylene project.
3. By comparing the size of the country’s refined oil and chemical complexes, the country’s one-ton investment is significantly lower than that of foreign refineries. This is due to the cost of purchasing materials (e.g. steel) for our refining projects and the lower time-cost of the projects, the main construction and the details.
Design synchronized, resulting in significant savings in human costs. While international partial refining projects have often delayed progress, resulting in higher time costs, such as the Tangerte petrochemical project in Nigeria, at a cost of approximately $14 billion, with a refining capacity of 32.5 million tons per year, which was built in 2013 and was scheduled to start production in the first quarter of 2019, progress has been repeatedly delayed and is now likely to start production in 2025.
Tens of tons/year refining capacity, with a total investment of $16 billion (excluding integrated facilities). The Rapid project is divided into 28 major production units: 300,000 barrels/day of crude oil processed daily and produced quartz oil, lpg, gasoline and diesel; and petrochemical components 3 million tonnes/year of graphite oil fission devices for the production of 1 million tons of ethylene, acrylic, p, c4 and c5ene
Hydrocarbons, epoxyethane (eo), phenols, biphenolsa, elastomers, isomers, high-activity polybutylene, non-ionic surfactants, sulfonic acid, and lube additives. The Malaysian State-owned oil companies and Saudi Aramco each have 50% shareholdings and Saudi Aramco provides 70% of the crude oil demand for the refinery. Project started in May 2012, started in March 2015 and started in February 2019.
It is worth mentioning that Malaysia’s Rapid Project’s flagship installation 15 million tonnes/yearly pressure distillation device (cdu) was contracted by China’s central petrochemicals as a total contractor. From the amount invested in the project, the equivalent amount of Rapid’s capacity is not equal to that of the Zhejiang petrochemicals project.
In terms of the project’s construction cycle, Rapid spent four years from the start of work to the start of production, far from the petrochemical phase (about two years), and the depth and breadth of the downstream products are not comparable to that of the petrochemical project.
High, with the use of slurry bed plus hydrogen in phase two to expand the capacity of ethylene production. 3.2. Technology and scale advantages effectively control costs in the era of high oil prices
Cards and technologies have maximized the use of raw materials and the orderly expansion of downstream high-end materials, mainly as a result of: 1) the joint venture with Honihuerup to set up Zulcotech Ltd., which captures the hydrogen catalytic process at the core of the refined oil rings. 20,000 tons/year hydrogen catalysts were put into production at the end of 2022, with different models of hydrogen.
Catalysts, which can be used for hydrogen processing of paracetola oils, distilled oils, wax oils and slag oils, and for upgrading the production capacity of the industrial chain catalysts. In addition, the refinery ' s heavy oil modification and aromatic hydrocarbons, polyesters, etc., are working in depth with Honiwell, using world-leading technical equipment and performing process-wide automated controls.
2) The production of basic chemicals and new materials works with world-class technology suppliers such as English and S&w to ensure that products and technologies are world leaders. 3) In domestic refineries, the first attempt is to introduce state-of-the-art technologies.
Sub-devices are based on international leading processes, while the technological advances of the State-owned enterprises during the second phase of construction have been rapid, and most of the installations have been converted to national production technologies, such as co-operation with China-Pulsification, which is the first private refining enterprise to introduce the slurry-bed oil-hydrogens technology in the country.
The development of the integrated use area of the by-products of ethylene fission.Technology and characteristics of the major carbide devices in table 9
Our crude oil resources are scarce, we have a long-term dependence on imports, and large-scale refining integration projects need to balance supply stability, cost fluctuations, and processing gains when designing oil species options. The cost of crude oil for domestic refining enterprises can reach about 80% of the operating cost, which is essential for the profitability of the project. The following are unique advantages for petrochemicals compared to other refineries:
The 40 million tonnes of petrochemicals/yearly refining integration project has a total of four permanent pressure-relief devices, adapted to more than one or two normal pressure-relief devices at multiple refineries. In addition, Pyrochemicals, in conjunction with its main crude-oil supplier, Saudi Arabia and the United States, has agreed on a strategy that will further consolidate the current crude-oil procurement cooperation and guarantee a long-term stable supply of crude oil.
A major feature of the design of the petrochemical-processed oil species is the selection of 30% of the Brazilian frade high-acid oils, with crude oil as an opportunity crude oil with a lower price than that of the Middle East, a higher level of light-massification, a greater number of high-value products that can be refined and a higher-valued product selected in conjunction with the scalding advantage of the petrochemicals can be effective in achieving mitigation efficiency gains during periods of high oil prices.
The large price differential between light oil and poor crude oil results in an effective reduction in the cost of raw materials by properly procuring the opportunity oil species, and also increases the refinery’s 3.2.3. Hydrogen & Re-orthopedic hydrogen excellence is the core process of refining the oil. The use of hydrogen processing, which allows heavy oil to be lightweighted, allows further processing of chemical raw materials.
Hydrogen is divided mainly into hydrocides and hydrogen fission, which is equivalent to a combination of refining and catalytic fission processes capable of a greater proportion of light crude oil, which is the current trend in refineries. The petrochemical hydrogen fission device and its size are at the highest levels in the country. Representative devices are:
1) Fossil oil hydration unit, which in phase II completed the construction of the world ' s largest 3 million tonnes of slurry bed (suspension bed) slurry hydration unit, with a transformation rate of more than 90 per cent, 10 to 40 per cent higher than conventional equipment; low feed quality requirements, with heavy metal crude oil and other low quality crude oil that cannot be processed by conventional industrial equipment.
In addition, magma beds are economically significant when oil prices are higher. The current slag oil treatment process is more common than the slag oil plus hydrogen and slag oil co-carrying process, while the slag oil plus hydrogen is common for boiling beds, fixed beds, and magma bed units. Studies have shown that the slurry bed is significantly more economically efficient than other equipment when very poor slag oils are treated, and the crude oil price is higher than $45 when the raw materials are inferior.
At /bbl, the slurry bed economy was significantly better than the caricature device, and at $80/bbl, better than the fixed bed. As can be seen, when the original oil price was higher, the slurry bed oil plus hydrogen technology was more economically efficient.
2) Two phases of diesel-fueled hydrogenification units, all of which are diesel-suggested, at the highest level of water level in the country. Two diesel-fueled-hydrocrackers are equipped with the largest conversion rate of the Chevronrums (Clg)-specific joint venture.
The recomposition mechanism is the application of hydrogen production from aromatic aromatic devices to acetylene plants. The advantage of private refineries is to control the market for polyester products downstream of aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatics and to better digest aromatic aromatic production.
Thanks to the powerful 16 million tons of recombinant capacity, the mass of petrochemicals supplied 89.58 million tons of hydrogen, which is much higher than in state-run refineries of the same kind. Hydrogen (recombined, ethylene, pdh, etc.) + coal-coated hydrogen can be achieved by refining plants without the need to purchase hydrogen.
3.3. Multi-yield aromatic and aromatic hydrocarbons, coupled with high-end fine chemical products such as high-end, high-quality processed raw materials, reasonably configured equipment processes Production of raw materials at the end of production, implementation of molecular refining concepts, high-quality material recovery rates.
C1-c5 separators are set up, light hydrocarbons are maximized, and separate small fractions of different carbons are collected, separated from high purity, orthopaedic compositions, and high-quality light hydrocarbon resources are provided for ethylene fission. Because the characteristics of the fission material are important factors in determining the competitiveness of the ethylene device, the differences in the ethylene fission material directly affect the ethylene feedstocks as a result of the same process.
The lighter the raw material, the higher the ethylene rate; and, in general, the higher the ethylene rate of the n-alkanes than the iso-alkanes. c1/c2 separation device, which purifies carbon two and more recombinant fractions of the dry gas raw materials, is the first in industry, by composition, to recover the unsaturated, saturated and enriched plants from gas.
Pure ethane gas, light hydrocarbons and hydrogen gas products, providing high-quality raw materials for ethylene devices, propane dehydration devices, refineries with ethylene recovery rates of more than 90 per cent and ethane recovery rates of more than 96 per cent, taking full advantage of the refinery ' s dry gas resources and increasing the built-in price of c3/c4 separation units to recover the whole plant ' s s saturated gas, separating propane and saturated butane, where propane enters pdh.
A 60% saturated butane is a very good ethylene fission material, a portion of which is directly decomposed, part of which is collected and then disassembly, making full use of the resources of c3 and solid c4. c5 is treated with a positive isomer separation device that effectively separates the high value of the active material. The high ethylene acceptance rate of ethylene positive c5 is used as a material for ethylene fission and the high octane value.
Asomer c5 is used as the composition of the oil. Figure 34 Light fractions for the first phase of carbide uses the process at the end of the production device to maximize the use of cracking raw materials, with a high commodity rate.
Vapour fission ethylene (VCM) is the core device in the ZEP region, which benefits from the management of the end-molecular grade of the material and has abundant oil, among other things, and has a significant advantage over the raw material of the pure petrocephalus oil in the industry; high product yields: ZPC I, ethylene II, 37 per cent, 36 per cent respectively, and AC, 16 per cent, 17 per cent, or 53 per cent, which is significantly higher than in the same period or in the same-scale refineries.
The cost of oil-based hydrocarbons will depend on the relative value of ethane/lpg, coal and crude oil, compared to the gas/coalification industry, where the oil head process can feed c2-c9.
Oil stoves, five light oil stoves, two gas stoves, can handle multiple different conditions at the same time, and the raw material is more adaptable. The oil head is also better structured to avoid sharp fluctuations in profits due to a single product downside, and the combined risk resistance is even greater.
3.3.2. The industrial chain extends to fine-chemicals. The end layout and high-end layout of the sub-soil products of the acetylene.
fdpe, hdpe, eo/eg, etc., in addition to the #1.4 million tonnes of Ethylene project under construction, which expands the production capacity of products such as ethylene acetate, po/sm, etc. on a second stage, and is expected to create a profitable advantage on a scale and with a high added value. For acrylic, in addition to ethylene devices, there are two sets of 600,000 pdh devices that can increase the production of acetylene and by-product hydrogen.
Gas. Downstream is polypropylene, with acrylic acetone, mma, acetone, po. The aromatic part of the aromatic hydrocarbons is well supplied and the industrial chain is complete. The main advantages of the chemical aromatic aromatics industry chain are that: 1) it is the world ' s largest px production base, with a combined production capacity of 9 million tons for two periods and a layout of the px-pta-polyesters.
The pure benzene is the most productive and produces 2.7 million tons in private refining enterprises. (2) The industrial chain is more complete and has strong synergies.
We believe that another special feature of the chemical industry chain is the c5/c9 deep processing area. The c5/c9 is a by-product of the cracking gasoline plus hydrogen process, even if the largest 1.4 million tons of ethylene vapor cracking is currently only 10 to 2 million tons.
Traditional small-scale refineries have only about tons of tons, and, because of their low yields, they cannot reach the economic scale of further deep processing, which is sold directly as raw materials. Fossilization benefits from the size advantages of refined oils and ethylenes, with more than 400,000 tons of c5 and 400,000 tons of c9 by-product resources per year, naturally providing the ability to continue deep processing on a scale.
The Deutsche Chemical Replenishment (GEM) Deutsche Gesellschaft für Gesellschaft für Gesellschaft für Gesellschaft für Technische Zusammenarbeit) with 55 per cent German-American share and 45 per cent petrochemical share, will build a combination of downstream use of cracking by-products, producing a variety of high-value-added derivatives such as inter-pentadiene resins, dcpd resins, c9 cold polylumsinium resins, etc.
On the other hand, petrochemicals are expected to generate a steady return on investment.
The production of c5 resin plus hydrogen is expected by the end of 2023. Although the crude oil price fluctuations and the risks to the operating environment, the pace of work and profitability are not as high as expected, there is now an improvement in the price of oil-specific chemical raw materials and demand at the end of the product, which is expected to lead to a gradual improvement in post-partum performance.
We believe that the Dejon Chemical fission c5/c9 project has many advantages, such as adequate supply of raw materials, advanced production techniques, high product differentiation, close proximity to the final consumer market, and its future profitability is also to be expected, and it is expected to contribute steadily to petrochemicalization with excellent geographical conditions and policy support for the oil production business.
Psychiatry is located on a green petrochemical base located on the hillside in Zhejiang province, with significant advantages such as the advantages of location, the vastness of the market area, the abundance of coastal resources, the advantages of port construction, the ease of environmental capacity, the scarcity of land resources and the high end of the development platform.
(a) Access to and from the port: Ningpork Hill Harbour was ranked first in global port cargo through 2022, and is expected to enhance the concentration industry of the international bunker oil tankers by bringing raw materials, such as crude oil, liquefied gas and methanol, into the domestic and foreign markets;
In close proximity to the consumer market, there is still much room for petrochemical development: the petrochemical project is located in our concentration area for oil and chemical products, with 40% of petrochemical products consumed in the country and 90% of plastics and fibre optics produced in the country.
The U.S. Gulf of Mexico, one of the refining bases, has a total refined oil capacity of about 460 million tonnes/year, or 52% of the U.S. refined oil capacity; the U.S. total ethylene production capacity exceeds 27 million tonnes/year, or 95% of the U.S. total ethylene production capacity, while the petrochemical industry in our Hangzhou Bay region, which includes areas such as Shanghai, Ark Hill, Ningpo, etc., still has much scope for development.
Psychicization became the first private refinery to qualify for export of finished oils from non-State trade in July 2020, with export exemptions from consumer tax, value added tax (VAT) preferences, and economic benefits from domestic and international markets.
Quantities of supply in two markets, in pursuit of maximizing benefits, have had a positive impact on day-to-day operations.
“Public engineering + depreciation” in the production costs of polyesters represents a major part of the cost, reflecting the importance of the scale effect. For example, pta, a material material of primary importance for polyesters, based on the composition of pta’s production cost, the remaining costs are public works (steam, water, electricity), acetic acid, catalysts, depreciation, finance and transportation costs, which account for the main part of depreciation and transportation costs, except for the primary raw material px.
Public works. We analyse the production costs of medium-sized pta and calculate the output of the country after pta-0.66*px, which averages about $550-600/t, of which public works and depreciation totals about 54%. The production costs of pta are therefore directly related to the model effect.
The smelting of integrated enterprises based on technological advances and large-scale installation, chain-linking, has effectively reduced the cost of unit capacity investment and operating costs and enhanced product competitiveness.
Ten thousand tons or more, or 90%; it can be said that the global large-scale pta is concentrated in the country. Of this, the new production capacity of pta with the px-pta-polymer up-and-down setup is 19.1 million tons, or about 54%; the overall profitability of integrated enterprises is strong and can be affected by the overall profitability of multiple profit and complementarities, and backward polyester production can be trapped abroad.
At the current stage of production losses, there is a greater potential for expanding the export market for domestic polyester products. (2) New devices have a significant downside effect, with the country benefiting fully from the benefits of new technologies as a global new producer of energy.
The upgrade of the art represents the pta’s rate of unit capital output, variable costs and environmental performance, and the advantages of raw materials, loading costs and processing costs are more pronounced than the older generation’s devices. 3) The capital expenditure on polyester production is lower than in the outside world. The same applies to the p8 technology of the invisa, Turkey.
Sasa’s project to build 1.5 million tons of annual production capacity is expected to have a total investment of $935 million, while the venture-rich 6 million tons of new material is only $6,713 million and the cost of single-ton investment is significantly reduced. On balance, we believe that our polyester production firms have a consistent lead in cost and are more competitive in terms of exports in the short term.
See, the high cost of raw materials in the context of the overseas energy crisis, and the supply gap in Europe, will help to release our polyester production capacity outwards;
The company owns its own pta-based patent technology, which is the country’s second company with a million tons of pta-grade production technology and a national production suit, in addition to China’s petro-Kulon. The core patent breaks through the technical barriers to foreign patents, saving up to millions of dollars per million tons of high technology transfer.
Cost, in the construction of pta devices during the same period, ton capacity investment has been advantageous. 4.2. Energy supplies are exchanged on the industrial chain, and the company is reasonably equipped to achieve a high level of self-sufficiency in px raw materials.
Gold petrochemicals have a higher px capacity in the capital company. The successful delivery of petrochemicals in the second phase, which has reached 6.2 million tons, has become the main supplier of px in the country. On the basis of the pta equity capacity of 9,500 tons, px has a potential demand of almost 6 million tons, making it almost self-sufficient.
The implementation of the new installations has been slow, as in the case of the 2.5 million tons of Kiryu Kungatun and the 2.5 million tons of UDPS devices, which are expected to wait until the px production capacity is realized. Upper raw material stress has a direct impact on the actual capacity of pta, in which case the advantage of the px ' s high self-sustainability refining integration device has been highlighted.
Technology adaptation to market flexibility. For early construction of small-scale energy devices, companies are upgrading to meet market requirements by converting 530,000 tonnes/year pta devices to 300,000 tonnes/yearpia units. Currently, the total consumption of sub-urban polyesters in the country is absolutely modest, but at a higher cost, imports averaged US$ 1156.48/ton in 2022, with downstream polyesters being developed differently.
Psychicization – Central gold petrochemicals – a new material that has a strong position. Psychicization is the first chemical product in the country between the Green Refinement Base on the canyon Island and gold petrochemicals in the Ningbo Sea.
The pipeline project. A large number of light fractions suitable for ethylene feedstocks are produced by the middle gold petrochemical by-products, and the stomide-rich hydrogen gas can be used fully by companies in the middle petrochemical zone, while petrochemical px can be transferred to the middle gold petrochemicals for downstream pta production.
In addition, there is a gap between the supply of px from Central petrochemicals and the demand for raw materials from the gavage of new pta materials, or through the pyrochemical and pyrochemical pyrochemical pipelines, which are provided by petrochemicals.
In addition, inter-equipment energy interconnectivity, such as electricity produced in the production of pta, can provide electricity consumed in polyester production, saving large amounts of out-of-house electricity costs. Chelmization – middle gold petrochemical – advantage in the layout of new materials
The market for downstream polyester products is relatively high and ensures the digestion of production capacity. The conglomerates have an advantage in the size of production, and the process maturity, product stability and, in the case of lower overall demand in downstream markets, the company has an upstream raw material production line, which is easier to achieve cost control and flexible product regulation, and the industry is in a low cycle to speed up the clean-up of production capacity.
Industry concentration is expected to increase further. The main products downstream of Precious polyesters are at the forefront, providing a strong guarantee of production. 5. Long-term planning, building a platform for new materials.
New energy materials products, plus higher value-added products such as pc, pmma, and other industrial chain terminals. Due to higher price volatility in chemical products, long set-up cycles, rich product lines can meet rapid supply and demand adjustment in different market environments and enhance corporate profitability. In the third quarter of 2022, the company announced three new material plans, investing nearly 100 billion dollars, and is expected to build.
During a period of about two years, the new material project, based on the existing petrochemical capacity and deep-processed downstream aromatic aromatics, was able to maximize the advantage of scale. At the same time, deep processing of the product and the increased production of new high-value-added materials enhanced the integrated competitiveness of the enterprise. In 2023, Pyrome petrochemicals were expected to achieve full production of the third set of ethylene, and the first installations of the high-performance resin project were built.
Launched, high-end new materials project completed investment of over $10 billion.
Ten thousand tons have risen to 162,339 tons, and our capacity is currently estimated to be about 13.22 million tons, with a tight balance between supply and demand. In 2023, it is expected that the supply side will not increase at a significant rate, and carcinogenization will remain a productive advantage.
In the first production ladder, and with a more difficult and extended production cycle of 3.5 to 4 years, photovoltaic-leveleva production is expected to continue to have a productive advantage during the high-speed launch period of 2024 to 2025, with a follow-up plan of 700,000 tons of capacity, totalling 1 million tons, for petrochemical purposes.
We measure the cost in terms of the disclosure of data from the Ningbo-Pau-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo.
$106,59.4 and 5202.1 respectively (including the cost of ethylene and acetic acid). - In 2024, photovoltaic eva could produce 300,000 tons (pipe type) and conservatively expected to produce additional capacity in 2025, increasing capacity to 900,000 tons (pipe type) and 100,000 tons (Buya type).
5.1.2.poe: Taking the lead in key production technologies, the global Poe capacity (with a greater focus on ethylene-based elastomers) is currently only about 1.58 million tons, concentrated in overseas producers, including:
Our country’s poe is in the early stages of autonomous research and development, with only part of the enterprises taking advantage of Poe’s production technology and promoting industrialization. The company’s poe installation was planned in the second half of 2022, and it is one of the country’s earlier Poo’s companies.
Poe has high technical barriers in the form of metallic catalysts, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, and solution polymers. The main emitters in the metallic catalysts are methyl aluminum alkane, which is concentrated in Japan, the United States, Europe, etc., and the main suppliers include Dongcao, albemarle, Lanxes, Chemtura, akzonobel, etc.
Limited, the country currently has no industrial production capacity for methyl aluminum aero-alkane, with only a few enterprises having patent layouts, with the main product \alpha-fen hydrocarbons continuing to be scarce, and a 350,000 tonnes/year project for petrochemical layouts. \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons generally refer to high-carbon hydrocarbons above c4 and c4. Hydrocarbons, high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons have high process barriers and high-prevalence characteristics, and therefore more than 80% of the c6+ long-chain alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons in the country have high c6+ long-chain alpha-vinyl.
Hydrocarbons are still dependent on imports. The technology of high carbon \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, which are important ingredients for the production of poe, has long been a “cricket” part of the domestic market. Breaking through the key technologies of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons has become the top priority for subsequent poe production.
On May 9th, a review of safety regulations for the production of 1000 tonnes/year-1-hexene and 300 tonnes/year-oldone was approved, with a further 350,000 tonnes remaining in the future. Given the tight supply of and demand for poe raw materials, the company is expected to move away from the raw material supply constraint by matching the production capacity of α-vinylene.
5.1.3. Insein polyester membrane II, with high-end product differentiation. There is a wide range of alternatives to high-end membrane national production. In 2022, we imported 27.24 million tons of the country ' s bopet, with a more marked decline in import dependency; the price difference between imports and exports remains US$ 4406 per ton. The main reason is that we imported the membrane, mainly optical film.
In recent years, the average import and export price of the country’s bopets (US$/tonne) has been driven by favourable factors such as the transformation of the country’s energy structure and the decline in the cost of photovoltaic power, which have led to the rapid rise of the photovoltaic industry downstream.
The market demand for photovoltaic backclamps has also increased in an outbreak. According to the former photovolt machine, the demand for photovoltaic films can reach 34.44 million tons in 2023. The photovoltaic film, as an important component of the photovoltaic component, protects and sustains internal photovoltaic batteries against tidal insulation and corrosion, so that the pet matrix in the photovolt backboard requires good mechanics.
Performance and insulation, influenced by temperature, humidity, UV in the installed environment, require a high degree of age-resilient performance, and there are certain production barriers. Insein Technology, an elite petrochemical control company, invested $2 billion in two-phase construction of 250,000 tons of functional polyester film per year.
One of the projects was a pilot project with two production lines: high-end optical-grade film, ultra thin film (8-9 micrometres less than conventional film). The second project introduced four 10.6-m special band bopet lines from Donnell, Germany, and an accompanying year produced 150,000 tons of polymers, which covered the thickness of the company ' s products to 5-350um, which would satisfy the customer ' s one-stop pick.
The purchase demand also marks the formal move to high-end variation in the company’s polyester film products. 5.1.4. Deep layout of the diazole-nylon 66 industrial chain, breaking raw material constraints. nylon 66 is used mainly in the two main areas of engineering plastics and synthetic fibres, with 49% of the total nylon 66 downstream plastics.
Synthetic fibres account for 47%. Xyranium is the key intermediate for nylon 66, and because of its foreign monopoly, the country spent almost 10 years developing its own production technology, starting in 2011 and only in 2019, with its own capacity. As of the end of 2022, the global Xyranium production capacity was about 231,000 tons, Inveda, Orede, Basf, etc.
The international oligopoly, which still accounts for nearly 90% of the city’s share, is considered to be a central constraint at the supply end of nylon66, which, according to the public data, was only 60% on average starting nylon 66 in 2019-2021, and is therefore equipped with nylon 66 at the same time as nylon 66.
In 2022, the project was launched for the first self-developed butadiene law production project in China, which broke the technical monopoly of foreign manufacturers over dichlorfon for many years, and the 400 million tons of quail project in the United Kingdom, which was launched in Shanghai with the breaking of the foreign monopoly by key raw materials.
Substitution is expected to bring about a completely new pattern. Supply side may be loose, but glory and petrochemicals are still expected to show competitive advantages at the raw materials and costs through a large-scale smelting integration platform. 5.1.5.abs: Downstream demand is growing steadily, with companies taking the lead in integrated production.
Abs is a tri-polymer of acetylene, butadiene and styrene, with the advantages of strength, resilience, easy-to-process, form, colour, etc., and is one of the most productive and most widely applied polymers. Home power accounts for up to 63% of downstream demand, followed by means of transport, daily use, office equipment, etc.
In addition, the market for building materials such as tubes and tubes, where abs also occupy a seat with their superior heterogeneity, is expected to grow steadily in demand in the future. And the current supply and demand gap at the supply end of the country’s abs is still present, with an export and import deficit of 12,93 million tons in 2022, and imports have declined in recent years as capacity has been released.
In January 2023, the annual production of 400,000 tons of abs devices invested in a green petrochemical base on a canoe mountain was successful, and the production of qualified products is now well under way. For raw materials, zerochemicals has simultaneously the production capacity of abs of acrylene, butadiene and styrene, and until the subsequent 1.2 million tons of abs is delivered, the company’s total capacity will be the highest in the country and will help it to achieve this.
5.2. The construction of new material parks in Golden Pond and Taizhou has steadily advanced. Xi Jinping General Secretary stated during his mission to Shanxi on 22 June 2017: “The new materials industry is strategic and fundamental.
Industry is also a key area of high-tech competition. We need to catch up. The city of Hong Kong, in keeping with the national situation, calls for new material industries to be deployed in line with the development strategy of the Ministry of Ocean Affairs and the Empowerment of Women, and to strengthen industrial cooperation with the New Materials Lead Enterprise.
The total investment in the park is 50 billion yuan, with foreign capital of no less than 800 million yuan and an annual output of more than 70 billion yuan, which will further boost China’s competitiveness in petrochemical products. As can be seen from the general development plan of the Hushan Green Fossil Base, published in mid-2021, the diamond industry in the Northern Golden Pond is planning 37 projects, totalling about 4812 acres.
The eastern sector begins with projects such as resin modification, polystyrene, pmma, special polyesters, degradable plastics, nylon 66; the western sector consists mainly of projects such as epoxy ethylene, ethylene radicalization, po/sm, polyether polyols, special rubber and elastomers, petroleum resins, polyurethane, etc.
In May 2022, the Treasure Materials (Taizhou) project entered the “New Materials City” planned by the Taiwan state government and was officially registered with the "Taizhou" Ltd., using natural gas, ethane and lpg as raw materials for downstream industry regulation of light hydrocarbons.
The project is located in the red-footed rock section of the Zhejiang Gate Economic Development Area, based on port resources, location conditions, industrial base, and the market for the use of raw materials and new materials for thermochemical industry in the upstream and downstream smelting base, with a focus on new and degradable materials.
High-end material cluster, leading industry.
We make profit predictions for the glory of petrochemicals based on the following core assumptions: chemical plates, low-cost downstream chemicals, and three new materials projects that are expected to start production in 2023-2025, are expected to lead to simultaneous growth in the income and profits of the plate;
(a) Refinement plates, which became operational in early 2022 in the second phase of petrochemicals, and the near-full operation of phase I and phase II projects, which are expected to stabilize the supply of and demand for finished oils and to maintain high levels of Maori, influenced by crude oil prices, which have been maintained in recent years;
(b) Pta plate, which stabilizes existing operations in the south, south, south, south, south, south, 2.5 million tonnes/year pta project, which is expected to increase the level of Maori and stabilize the benefits of the new material products, such as the photovoltaic back sheet membrane, starting in the second half of 2023;
In 2023, production was launched to stabilize the supply of raw materials for downstream polyester products while increasing the income of the plate. 1) The price of crude oil fluctuates significantly or causes fluctuations in the profitability of the product and gains in crude oil stocks, which in turn affect the performance of the company; 2) downstream refining products, if demand is weak, will have a direct impact on the overall performance of the company;
3) The construction of the new materials project has fallen short of expectations and has affected the performance of the follow-on companies.Appendix: three series of forecasts of statements, using legally compliant data, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.