行 全
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
SAIC Motor (600104 CH)
BUY (Up)
Market sentiment is rising on A-share auto
Target Price
RMB33.9
(Previous TP
RMB21.1)
Up/Downside
+23.3%
In the first three quarters, SAIC achieved total revenue of RMB498.7bn, down
Current Price
RMB27.5
14.8% YoY while NP was RMB16.7bn, down 19.9% YoY. In 3Q20, revenue was
RMB214.9bn, an increase of 2.8% YoY while NP was RMB8.3bn, an increase of
China Auto Sector
17.4% YoY. We raise our TP to RMB33.9 (based on 13.5x 2021E P/E) with an
upside of 23.3%, from TP RMB21.1 based on 11.5x 2020E P/E. Upgrade to BUY.
Jack Bai
■ In 3Q20, GPM was 11.0%, down 2.4ppt YoY, reflecting intensified market
competition. The expense ratio was 9.6%, down 2.3ppt YoY (tax exp -0.1ppt,
Stock Data
S&D exp -2.0ppt, Admin exp -0.3ppt). The decrease in S&D exp ratio was
mainly due to 1) implementation of the new accounting standard in the current
period which moves the car loan interest subsidy from S&D expense to
revenue recognition offset; and 2) the YoY decrease of logistic expense and
advertising expense.
■ SAIC achieved a total investment income of RMB8.9bn in 3Q20, an
increase of 19% YoY. Among which, investment income from JVs and
associates was RMB6.6bn, an increase of 2.9% YoY. SAIC Volkswagen
achieved sales of 454K units in 3Q20, down 4% YoY. SAIC GM achieved
sales of 395K units, an increase of 3% YoY. We believe the main factor which
contributes to YoY earning growth in 3Q20 was still the investment income
Source: Company data
from financial assets.
The sales performance of major JVs is still mixed. SAIC Volkswagen
Absolute
Relative
launched a mid-term facelift version Santana in Oct (-23% YoY in 3Q20). At
1-mth
43.8%
35.0%
the end of Oct, the first BEV based on the MEB platform, namely ID.4 was put
3-mth
47.8%
51.2%
into production. We expect both new models to drive the recovery of the
6-mth
53.0%
22.5%
Volkswagen brand. However, the Skoda brand fell 29% YoY in 3Q20, which
is still expected to drag down the recovery of SAIC Volkswagen in the short-
12-mth Price Performance
term. For SAIC-GM, the sales volume of Excelle (英朗) in Sep exceeded 30K
units after the re-launch of four-cylinder version. As a result, Buick achieved a
30% YoY growth in 3Q20. The sales of high-end brand Cadillac increased by
75% YoY given the strong performance in overall luxury segment. However,
due to lack of brand power, Chevrolet declined by 47% YoY, dragged down
the overall performance of SAIC GM.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Related Reports
"SAIC Motor (600104 CH) - Wait for
the turning point of two GMs" – 15 Apr
"SAIC Motor (600104 CH) - China's
largest automobile group with great
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
The realization of certain catalysts gradually boosts market sentiment.
SAIC Volkswagen officially released its first model ID.4 based on the MEB
platform, marking a milestone on Volkswagen's NEV roadmap in China
market. We expect the market will re-evaluate SAIC's NEV presence after
the rollout of the "Development Plan for New Energy Vehicle Industry
(2021~2035). In addition, we expect SAIC Audi project will have news
coming out in 2021E. Forming the two-pillar (Audi + Cadillac) among the
high-end brand will further enhance market sentiment on SAIC.
We raise our bottom-line forecast to RMB24.1bn in 2020E to reflect the
strong 3Q20 results. Our revised NP forecast suggests that SAIC's bottom-
line will grow 55% YoY in 4Q20E. At the same time, we revised up our NP
forecast to RMB29.3bn in 2021E to reflect its great cost control. We raise
our TP to RMB33.9 (based on 13.5x 2021E P/E) with an upside of 23.3%
from initial TP RMB21.1 (based on initial 11.5x 2020E P/E). Upgrade to
BUY.
Earnings Revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 3: Revenue breakdown
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor. Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.