Subtracts contribute to high-quality development and will continue to optimize the structure of the industrial chain.
Achieving gross operating income of $14.538 billion, an increase of 98.19 per cent over the previous two years; achieving a net return profit; achieving high-quality growth in companies and meeting our expectations. It is worth noting that the company's management theme of “reduced efficiency” has shown remarkable results.
In 2021, North America experienced a significant increase in exports, with a re-establishment of the mdi climate in 2021. In 2021, North America experienced a decline in imports and exports of 29,75 and 101,380,000 tons of aggregate mdi, respectively. In terms of domestic demand, the country as a whole produced 89,921,000 refrigerators in 2021, compared to the same year.
(a) A 0.4 per cent decrease, influenced by the prices of traditional light seasons and related products, and the need for the exterior walls, pipelines and other industries as a whole to level off, with the exception of the need for formaldehyde sheeting glue, where the demand for polymer mdi is still bright and the demand for polymer mdi is low;
From a long-term perspective, we see that medium- and long-term mdi supply and demand patterns are still good, and that the spread of non-alcohyde furniture will create growth points for mdi demand. The petrochemical, fine chemical industry is expanding steadily, actively moving into new materials, new energy sources, and millions of benefits.
In addition, the company's deployment of nuclear power, photovoltaics, etc., has made progress on a number of new material priorities.
Projects such as Lithium, which will provide a reliable and up-to-date programme for innovative energy use in the chemical industry, have seen a significant increase in the volume of products in the main camps, and have consolidated the status of the globalized industrial giants, the Tri-quarter Report Review of Huanhua Chemistry-600309-2021: q3 performance meets expectations.
Investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating. We expect the company to return its share of net profit to the mother in 2022-2024.
The company will position itself as a global industrial giant and become a global leader in the production of new materials, maintaining the deep report of the company: "Handover Chemical-600309 " , with a significant increase in the ownership of all-China chemistry in 2021, a significant success in the management of the “reduce efficiency” theme, and a “buy-in” rating.
On the evening of 14 March 2022, the Mandarin Chemical Disclosure Annual Report 2021: benefiting from a significant increase in sales of major products such as corporate polyurethane, petrochemicals and fine chemicals in 2021, the company ' s performance increased significantly in 2021: (1) product release: smoke station mdi devices (60-1.1 million tons) completed technical changes, million tons of ethylene I
In 2021, the All-China chemical industry worked in five areas, from production to efficiency, from the optimization of new installations, from the optimization of vehicles to the optimization of design, and actively promoted the model of deep collaboration among strategic clients, increasing the number of applications from research and development, design and mining.
High-quality development has been achieved in cost control and quality levels from acquisition, engineering to production operations. The company's “reduce efficiency” management theme has worked well throughout the year. Of this, the company's petrochemical operations in 2021, such as acetylene acid and esters, pvc and other petrochemical devices, have been optimized and their operating stability and performance levels are at the industry's leading water level.
In the last two years, there has been a marked decline in the cost of chemistry (the company's marketing costs for 2020 have been adjusted retroactively). Figure 2: The net profit and the rate of increase in chemistry from the mother to the mother (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 3: The significant results of the HDRO chemical downscaling: a significant drop in the cost of sales: Figure 4: Net interest rates have increased in the context of the fact that the Māori rate did not increase significantly in 2021, and the layout and outlook for the base projects are as follows:
(1) In the case of a smoke station industrial park: in 2021, the million-ton ethylene plant (first year of driving) remained fully operational, of which 23 were handed over. According to an announcement from the Eco-Environmental Department of the City of Smoke, the year 2021 has not yet been complete.
The ethanol installation technical modification project, the 400,000 tonnes/year epoxy propane (pochp), the 100,000 tonnes/year methylamine project, the 30,000 tonnes/year polyurethane sequestering agent project, the Lithium ion battery material development pilot project, the lemon aldehyde and its derivatives integration project, the 9,000 tonnes/year pdms project, the 200,000 tonnes/year anhydride project, etc., have all been acquired into the piped eco-ring.
(ii) In the Ningbo industrial park, 1.2 million tons of mdi capacity are currently available (phase I + II). The Mdi/hdi technology enhancement integration project and 1.8 million tonnes/year of technology modifications are to be implemented in the existing plant area in the future
The company announced that in 2021, the Van Ningbomdi device was routinely overhauled twice. Ningpo Industrial Park continued to be managed with “reduce efficiency”, ensuring the safe, smooth and high-quality operation of the production apparatus, with a record number of production indicators (3) Hungarian bc: in 2021, bc maintained despite persistent and repeated difficulties with the epidemic.
Full coordination of engineering resources with production and priority construction projects has been achieved, with the completion of 350,000 mdi technological improvement projects. Production installations are operating in a stable and efficient manner, with the main products selling and making the best possible profit.
(4) Fujian Industrial Park: Project approval and construction for Fujian Industrial Park (mdi devices, tdi devices, pvc installations) is proceeding as scheduled. To date, there have been a number of projects at Huahuafort Industrial Park in early 2022.
It is proposed to approve the ep-assessment document for the construction project for the Manchure Chemical (Fukugi) Company Limited, which produces 1.08 million tons of amphetamine per year; and on 10 January, the Fuku Qing City Development and Reform Agency agreed in principle to the energy efficiency report for the WCFC dock area project, which will have an annual turnover of 1.05 million tons of benzene, 450,000 tons of benzidine, 1.2 million tons of benzidine.
Boil burning, 400,000 methanol capacity; on 7 February, a provincial-wide video link to major projects in the first quarter of Fujian Province began work on the same day. The Fuku Qing WanChemical (Fukukian) project produced 800,000 tons of pvc (PVC) per year and the expansion of the 250,000 tonnes/year tdi project began work on the same day.
(5) Sichuan Maroon base: the pbat biodegradation polyester project and the Trinity Orthodox cell material project were successfully delivered; the bio-testing base was successfully intermediated in 2021; the transformation mechanism was continuously optimized, with key equipment stability Overall, the future MSD polyurethane business will continue to focus on mdi and tdi, with emphasis on concentration.
Ethers, modified mdi support the platform's capacity to maintain core competitiveness, such as single-size, low construction costs and high integration processes; petrochemical operations will maintain a “light assets, high turnover” posture; and fine chemical operations will continue to grow at a rapid pace, with the prospect of a shift in role from “followers” to “leaders”.
In addition, corporate strategic planning for new materials, new energy sources, has progressed on several priority projects. We firmly believe that companies will build up a globalized workforce, become the world’s leading new material production base, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Polyurethane operations: Long-term mdi demand will continue to grow steadily
In March 2021, the company raised the market price for mdi products again. In March 2021, it entered the low overall demand for the downstream wall pipes, glues, cars, etc.
The stock is dominated, while some installations, both domestic and foreign, are gradually reproducing, and domestic aggregate mdi, pure mdi, have risen over the previous period, while downstream stocks continue to be consumed, traders are becoming less available, some manufacturers are entering the parking repair phase, mdi market prices have stopped and market supply and demand structures have been rebalanced since mid-August 2021.
Impacts, limited loads of some plants; upturns in Shanghai Coth, coupled with continued supply controls to allow some overseas plants to plan higher North American mdi prices; mdi prices rebounded as a result of a combination of the early shutdown of the US Bassf and Hensmeyer installations.
On the demand side, on the downstream refrigerators of the polymer mdi, according to the Chinese Institute of Industry and Industry, the country-wide production of 8.9921 million electric ice boxes in 2021 fell 0.4 per cent in comparison with the previous year. In addition, it was affected by the price of traditional light seasons and related products.
The overall demand for the walls, pipelines, etc. is flat, except for formaldehyde-free glue. For pure mdi downstream, the market for tpu, soles of shoes, polyurethane primary fluids has been growing steadily, and the gradual introduction of ammonia has led to an increase in the demand for pure mdi in the country.
Long. We see that medium- and long-term mdi supply and demand patterns are still good, and the expansion of non-aldehyde furniture will create a growth point for mdi demand. Moreover, in terms of imports and exports, several mdi devices were subjected to force majeure in North America in 2021 as a result of cold surges and hurricane weather, causing global pressure, a marked reduction in mdi imports and a significant increase in exports.
Annual net mdi imports and exports of 7 per cent and 121,000 tons, respectively, decreased by 28 per cent and increased by 22.7 per cent respectively.
The company now owns 100 tons of ethylene, 750,000 tons of acrylic production, and will continue to develop, downward, more refined and more value-added products such as apps, high-sap, new pendiol npg, polyether polyols, mibk, and heffortone.
Hydrocarbons commercial model, step-by-step clustering of the petrochemical industry. Project planning, 22 February 2022, HCB New Materials Ltd. propane/butane cave bank, HCCP underground reservoirs of 10,000 cubic propanes (including 2 600,000 cubic propane underground caves) and 1.5 million cubic butane underground
On 4 March 2022, the Fuzhou City Eco-Environmental Authority proposed to complete the environmental impact assessment of the Vanhua Chemical (Fukuan) Terminals Limited canal project. It is planned that the project will have the capacity to rotate 1.05 million tons of benzene, 450,000 tons of benzidine, 1.2 million tons of falcon and 400,000 methanol per year.
Precision chemicals, new materials business: injecting dynamism into the company W.W. as an internationally advanced tpu supplier, with products widely applied in such applications as footwear, cables, automobiles, electronics and medical treatments, in areas such as epoxy sequestering agents for the company's special meds operations, and gradually expanding to wind-fired composites,
New areas of application, such as seamstrests; production of pc-II devices, with 210,000 tonnes/year supply capacity, further technological improvements will be made in the future; complete resumption of the ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi industrial chain in 2020, with a greater product mix; successful progress by nodes on priority projects, such as nylon 12; and 10,000 chemical lemons in April 2021
The environmental impact report for the project on the integration of formaldehyde and its derivatives has been published. In addition, the company's first phase of a plastic transformation project under the Sichuan Mayon Regulations has been officially launched, with a second phase of 60,000 tons of biodegradable polyesters and 10,000 tons of lithium at the end of the year. In recent years, the company's fine chemical operations have become competitive, based on good quality and stable supply.
In addition, on 14 February 2022, the Wanhua Chemical Group Inc. published an environmental impact report for 40,000 tonnes of polyetheramines per year, which will lead to the construction of a new 40,000 tonnes/year polyethers master unit and accompanying public works and support facilities at the Manchures Industrial Park.
On August 25, Huanhua Chemical (Hungary) joined forces to build a 93mw wind power project, and on August 27, the government announced that the company would be able to build a carbon-neutral energy plant.
China's nuclear power is to co-finance the establishment of the China Nuclear Mountain Company Ltd.: On August 30, 2021, Huanhua Chemical and China Energy Group co-financed the 600mwp complementary photovoltaic power station project. On September 9, 2021, Huanhua Chemical produced 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate annually.
On February 22, 2022, the Manchurian Chemical Co-Enerships of the River Sea built a project on integrated and intelligent energy. We are well aware that Manchurian chemistry will actively explore new technologies.
The energy sector has grown considerably, closely aligned with its own strategies, and has released the necessary resources for wind and light energy use. Mandarin chemistry will continue to explore scientific pathways to low-carbon development in an effort to provide a reliable and advanced programme for new energy use in the chemical industry as a whole.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them