On October 25, 2019, the country's largest marine oilcoat company continued to be tested: the company was the largest sea in the country.
Upholsters, which currently have four major operating plates in the main camp: drilling wells, oil field technology, ship services, and surveying. The 2019h1 company continued its trend of rebounding with revenues of $13.56 billion, or +66.6 per cent, and the mother-to-child net profit of $970 million, or $380 million over the same period last year, was reversed.
On a case-by-case basis, the firm's performance has recovered as a result of the strength of the 2019h1 drilling and technology plate, of which $4.49 billion, or +49.4 per cent, was generated mainly by the use of the market-based heating-led drilling platform and the simultaneous increase in daily fees; $6.63 billion, or +94.8 per cent, was generated by the technology plate.
This is an increase in the operation of the line of operations of the plate. The ship/discovery plate collects $14.4.10 billion, each with the same level of continuous upgrading of the downward multiplier resonance of the company's own fine management.
On 11 October 2019, the National Energy Commission again stressed the need to increase domestic oil and gas exploration efforts to promote increased production in reserves. Three barrels of oil responded positively to national calls, citing China Sea oil as an example, and in January 2019, it published a seven-year plan to explicitly promote oil and gas exploration and development, scheduled for 2025.
The exploration workload and the discovery of reserves doubled; in May 2019, China Sea oil declared production targets of 20 million m3 in the western part of the South China Sea and 20 million tons in the eastern South China Sea oil fields in 2025, i.e. near doubling of oil and gas production in the south and west of the South China Sea in seven years, and nearly one third in the east of the South China Sea; and China Sea Oil Country in 209h1
The number of self-discovery wells in the area has exceeded the full year level of 2017 and previous years, with exploration investments amounting to $8.6 billion, representing a significant increase of 109.8 per cent over the same period.
▪ The technology plate has entered the harvest period and the price of drilling operations has risen to start repair: the company ' s technology plate has been significantly increased to $6.63 billion in profit line operations in 209h1 battalion, a substantial increase of 94.8 per cent in the same year, and the income of the plate has risen to 48.9 per cent, and the research and development results of the beneficiary companies have been sustained in recent years.
Leaking and fine-tuning management control costs, where the Māori plate rate has returned rapidly since the bottom-down to 3.6% in 2016, the Māori rate of the company ' s technology plate has surpassed the peak of the last wave cycle (Māori in 2010 was 23.5%), reflecting a significant increase in the company ' s technological strength.
The domestic oil suit industry has seen an increase in the temperature, with a ratio of +12.5 pct to 76.6% of the platform’s calendar day usage and a simultaneous increase in the platform’s daily fees.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is expected to benefit directly from the build-up of domestic oil and gas capital expenditure in the current context of national policy, as a leader in domestic offshore oil uniforms. For example, the former company’s performance has become clear and is expected to release sufficient flexibility in the future.
China's largest offshore oilsuit company, with a clear performance point 1.1. China's largest and leading global marine garment company, is one of the world's largest suppliers of marine garments, with complete service chains and powerful seastones.
The oil service fleet, which covers the entire process of exploration, development and production of oil and gas fields, is one of the few suppliers in the global oil field service industry with the capacity to provide integrated services, providing both a single business operation for its customers and an integrated assembly and master-contracting operation service for its customers.
In drilling services, the company is now ranked third in the world in terms of the size of the harvest; in terms of the number of drilling platforms, the company is ranked second in the world. In terms of oil field technical services, the company has been in possession of marine oil fields for many years.
(b) Other panels, according to the company's annual report, the fifth global volume of the exploration contract in 2018, the size of the ship and the well-fixing market.
Fourth, the global scale of the cable and mud markets is broken down into the sixth and seventh global scales. Figure 2: Companies have complete service chains, 1.2. Performance traps continuously validated, well drilling plus technology double-wheel drive
With the recovery of the domestic garment market, the firm’s performance has become clear. In 2018, the company earned $21.95 billion, or 25.3 per cent of the year; the parent’s net profit was $71 million, or 65.4 per cent of the year; and the non-mortality net profit was $5.7 billion, or $97 million of the same increase.
The trend towards a return of $13.56 billion, or +66.6 per cent; net return of $970 million to the mother (the same period last year -- $380 million), or a reversal: net profit of $790 million (the same period last year -- $770 million) to the non-return to the mother, or a reversal of the trend.
Drilling + technology is a two-wheel drive, and company elasticity continues to be released. According to the segment, in 2018, the company's drilling services were raised by $7.77 billion, or 22.2 per cent of the year, mainly as a result of the increased demand for the company's drilling platform, which was driven by market warming, and the simultaneous improvement in platform usage and daily fees; and the oil fields, where the technology plate was raised by $9.82 billion, or +39.9 per cent of the year.
The increased operation of the plate line and the increased research and development investment of the company have led to a more strategic shift towards the oil field technical services section, which has led to a faster growth of the technology section. Each ship/discovery block collects $271.165 billion, corresponding to 1.3 per cent of the daily rate of drilling platforms and increased cost controls, and the Māori rate is expected to be repaired.
The same ratio - 9.3 pct, mainly due to the absence of a significant increase in operating prices in 2018, while cost inputs such as manual remuneration increased with the volume of operations, dragging up the level of portfolio Maori; the ratio of field technical services plate Maori was 25.4 per cent and the ratio -2.8 pct, the main search plate Maori rate was 1.2 per cent, and the ratio +3.5 pct, which was largely managed by companies, with costs being strictly controlled.
In 2019, the company’s drilling platform’s daily fees and utilization rate increased, and the fine management of the plates continued to promote efficiency gains, and the level of the Māori ratio of the Public Administration was expected to be repaired. National policy was to boost the production of hydrocarbons, with a firm increase in spending on oil capital in China and China.
2.1. The country ' s low self-sufficiency rate for hydrocarbon energy and the urgent need for self-controlling crude oil production have continued to decline to only 30.8 per cent, and according to the National Statistical Office, our crude oil production in 2018 was 189 million tons, compared to 1.3 per cent for the third year in a row.
In comparison with the 2009 level, the self-sufficiency rate has fallen to only 30.8%, and according to our 13th Plan, the target for 2020 crude oil production is 200 million tons, leaving a shortfall of 11 million tons by 2018. With regard to the trade deficit, according to the General Customs Administration, in 2018 the country ' s crude oil trade deficit was $238.99 billion, exceeding the integrated circuits to become the country ' s first deficit.
There is still a significant gap in natural gas production over the 135 target, and external dependence continues to rise. According to the National Development Commission, gas production in 2018 was 16.3 billion m3, compared with 8.3 per cent in 2018; gas consumption was 28.3 billion m3, compared with 18.1 per cent in +18.1 per cent.
In 2018, for the first time in the world, Japan was the world’s largest natural gas importer, with 1,254 billion m3 in natural gas imports, a record high. There is still a significant gap between our gas production and the 2020 target of 200 billion m3 of the 13th Plan, and the slow pace of progress in the period ahead is expected to accelerate the pace of domestic oil production from 2019 to 2020.
2.2. There is a strong policy for promoting oil and gas conservation for production, a firm increase in spending on oil and gas capital in China and China, and a strong policy for promoting oil and gas conservation and a full-blown attack on production. In the context of the urgent need for self-control over our hydrocarbon resources, the State has frequently introduced policies to boost production in our oil and gas reserves.
The following important instructions were issued to oil companies to increase their domestic hydrocarbon exploration and development efforts to ensure a high-quality supply of hydrocarbons; in May 2019, the National Energy Agency organized a workshop to boost the development of hydrocarbon exploration, in which it was clearly stated that it would ensure the completion of the action plan for the period 2019-2025 and strengthen the implementation of the priority projects of support policy guarantees;2019
On 11 October of that year, the National Energy Commission, which was established in 2010 as the country ' s highest-level energy agency, met to highlight the need to increase domestic oil and gas exploration and development efforts, and to promote increased production from reserves and to increase the capacity for oil and gas self-sufficiency, provided greater strategic guidance for our energy development efforts in the coming years.
China Sea oil responded positively to Shanghai’s call, with the “seven-year plan” explicitly promoting oil and gas exploration and development. In January 2019, China’s exploration workload and reserves doubled: China Sea oil convened a major science and technology firm in Shenzhen at the end of May 2019. According to the plan, China Sea oil will increase oil and gas production in the western South China Sea by almost the year 2025.
In terms of capital spending, according to China Sea Oil 2018, the planned level for 2019 was $70-80 billion, up from $62.1 billion in 2018.
12.7 to 28.8 per cent According to China Sea Oil 2019, its capital expenditure for the first half of the year amounted to 33.7 billion yuan, or 60.5 per cent of the year, of which 8.6 billion yuan was invested in exploration, representing a significant increase of 109.8 per cent in the same year, making it the most rapidly increasing plate, mainly due to increased exploration efforts and the increased workload of three-dimensional earthquakes and well drilling; 18.1 billion yuan, or 46 per cent of the year, was invested in development; and the capitalization of production was invested.
According to China Sea Oil's latest announcement of October 24, q3 exploration investment amounted to $5.50 billion, compared to +106.0%, a further increase was confirmed. The number of private wells in China's 2019h1 domestic waters was equal to +72%, and the number of wells in the first half of the year was over 2017 and beyond.
Based on the data reported for the year 2019 for China Sea Oil, the number of drilling wells in its domestic area (self-employed) increased significantly by 72 to 115 per cent from year to year, while the number of drilling wells in the first half of the year alone exceeded the full year of 2017 and previous years, and the significant increase in the workload of exploration wells confirmed that their exploration investments were on a fast-growing path.
The impact is significant, with the additional detection reserves amounting to nearly 40 million tons, effectively supporting a rapid shift from storage to production. 2.3. barrel oil costs continue to shift downwards, weakening the impact of oil price fluctuations, reducing the impact of oil price fluctuations. As China and China continue to invest in research and development and fine-tuning pipelines.
Tight cost controls have reduced the primary cost of 209h1 barrels of oil to $28.99, compared to 8.9% on a continuous basis, to establish cost advantages. The main cost of marine oil drums is now significantly lower than oil prices (an average price of approximately $66 per barrel of 2019h1), creating a more profitable margin to withstand the impact of fluctuations in external oil prices on production operations.
Directly benefiting domestic oil companies have increased capital spending, and corporate performance is released in the sense that the size of the company’s revenue is linked to the high oil prices in China and China, and is expected to benefit from the high growth cycle in capital expenditure in this ship.
In mid-2018, China Sea Oil Contribution Corporation earned 75.9% of its revenue, which is almost equal to the same figure. The company’s share of China Sea Oil capital expenditure from China Sea Oil also showed a more stable pattern, based on historical experience. In 2008-2018, the figure was between 18 and 34%, and the hub was about 26%.
The rate of increase is almost the same as that of domestic investment in oil exploration in China and China. Thus, China’s spending on oil capital has a certain guiding effect on the size of the company’s income, and against the background of a definite acceleration in spending on oil capital in China and China, especially exploration investment, we expect that the company’s revenue will benefit directly from the future, locking in high growth.
A high-performance elasticity, a large oil suit and a new start in the high-spiriting cycle, with a high elasticity of corporate performance and wide scope for upswinging.
In a new high-seas cycle, supported by high oil prices, the current cycle has been driven by national policies on the one hand, and by a sharp drop in domestic oil barrel oil costs, which continues to weaken the impact of oil price volatility, thus providing greater certainty. According to China-China oil planning, its “two million” production targets for 2025 are still one.
By setting a gap, the cross-border acceleration of oil and gas exploration is expected to open wide space for the garment market. As the largest offshore garment company in the country, the company’s current performance is becoming clear, and its future performance is expected to release full resilience, with a consistent increase in the industry’s climate and a confluence of its own fine management.
Two-wheel drive: the technology plate moves into the harvest period, the drilling operations have high resilience, 4.1. The technology plate continues to move forward, with a collection ratio of nearly 50 per cent, and the plate operations take advantage of the application of the technology results as companies continue to invest in research and development of the oil field technical services module.
A breakthrough was made. According to the company ' s semi-annual 2019 report, the company ' s self-developed surveying software, egps, obtained the dlis identifier assigned by the international organization emergisistics, becoming the first company in the country with an international dilis identifier: successful in developing new anti-temperature isolation agents with autonomous intellectual property rights, high temperatures and high temperatures.
A variety of key additions, such as floating stabilizers, liquid mitigating agents, have led the group to achieve critical material breakthroughs in both high-temperature pressure and deep-water technology. In terms of international market openings, companies have continued to cut orders. According to the company’s 2019’s report, the company has successfully signed several overseas contracts for Indonesia’s solid and repair wells, Myanmar’s sea wells, and Mexico’s cable logging services.
Contracts. The contract period is more concentrated in 2-3 years, which is expected to result in significant growth in the company’s performance in the future. With the significant increase in the company’s technical and technical business line activity, the revenue from the 2019h1 block reached $6.63 billion, representing a substantial increase of 94.8 per cent in the same year, rising to 48.9 per cent of the company’s total revenue.
High technological value added, high gross profit rate The technological plate is of strategic importance to corporate development. First, the oil technology services are more difficult and technologically demanding, many of the cutting-edge oil technology services are only in the hands of foreign leaders, and the oil technology industry can be upgraded.
(c) Third, oil technology services are light-equipped and light-assessed operations, and are therefore depressed in the garment industry as compared to drilling operations.
During this period, oil and technology operations generated less loss on equipment and assets, which reduced the company’s losses during the industry downturn, improved the company’s cash flow, and increased its resilience to risk. The technology plate’s Māori rate rebounded rapidly after it hit bottom in 2016, with a profit contribution of more than 100% in 2018.
The main benefits (restated in 2018) have been improved management by the plate lifting and stacking company, tight controls over cost spending, and significant reductions in major costs, such as repair and material consumption, have led to effective control of the total cost of the technology plate. In 2018, the tile was 25.4 per cent of the gross profit, which was 2.4 billion yuan.
Of this, the gross profit of the technology plate was $2.49 billion, and the gross profit contribution of the plate was over 100 per cent (in 2018, the total profit of the drilling plate was -4.5 per cent because of the Maori rate and the corresponding gross profit was -350 million dollars). It is worth noting that under the current middle-level conditions of oil prices, the Māori rate of the technology plate of the company has exceeded the peak of the last cycle (23.5 per cent), reflecting the strong technological strength of the company.
4.3. The size of the company platform is among the highest in the world, benefiting from the utilization of the country ' s high-value oil suits, the number of drilling platforms is the second highest in the world, and the use of the platform is high in the same industry. As of the end of June 2019, the company operated a total of 52 drilling platforms (including 38 self-incented drilling platforms and 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms).
By contrast, the size of the company ' s drilling platform is the second largest in the world. The first is valaris (former ensco, with seat), seadril (28), noble (17) and diamond (12). In terms of platform utilization, the company benefits from the recovery of the domestic market for the garments, which is more than most of the platform ' s utilization.
The average utilization rate of corporate platforms is 76.6%; overseas, in order of utilization of platforms, there are nobles (79%), valaris (63%), transocean (56%), diamond (49%), which are not compared because of the different caliber of utilization statistics.
The field has yet to see clear signs of recovery, and drilling platforms are still underutilized. Collections have risen to the third largest in the world, with profit-taking points leading overseas.
In terms of net profits, without taking into account the more than $700 million out of profit generated by valaris' cheap acquisition of rowan,
All of the five major offshore drilling companies are still in a state of loss. And the company’s profits have continued to rise since its mother’s net profit in 2017, ahead of offshore drilling companies to meet the turning point. 4.4. Platform utilization increases in tandem with daily fees, and Māori rates are expected to release high elasticity in the future.
2019h1 rig usage has increased in tandem with daily costs. 219h1 beneficiary industry reheating platform activity. Upgraded to 6913 days of company drilling platform operations compared to +33.8 per cent.
The daily rate for self-introduction drilling platforms is $68,000, or +19.3 per cent, for 2019h1; the daily rate for semi-submarine drilling platforms is $151,000, or +3.4 per cent, and the company is actively expanding its production capacity by keeping up with the high profile of domestic marine oil uniforms.
In terms of capacity, the company, on the one hand, deployed two offshore platforms to return home in the first half of 2019, while expanding its capacity through additional leased platforms. This reflects a high domestic climate.
For operations that rely on large equipment, such as drilling wells, costs such as depreciation of equipment are higher because of heavy asset attributes. The low utilization of drilling platforms reflects industry oversupply, lack of support for rising daily fees, and higher depreciation costs cause financial indicators such as profitability, Maori rates, etc., to be held back; when market demand warms, platform utilization is expected to rise.
The company’s drilling operations are more affected by the industry’s climate than the rest of the company’s plates. In 2008-2014, the company’s utilization of the company’s drilling platform will become increasingly clear from the trend of daily fees. In addition, the company actively promotes fine management and pushes.
With effective cost control, the profit margin for drilling the 2019h1 rigs has recovered to 5.6% (ports share announcement), and the same ratio +27.8 pct has been reversed. We expect that the plate’s profitability will continue to be repaired.
The scale of capital spending in the next three barrels of oil will continue to grow rapidly, and the company’s performance will benefit directly. By segment: the company’s technology plate will benefit from a significant increase in the country’s offshore line of operations, and the volume of orders will continue to grow.
The continued upswing in the domestic garment industry has led to a recovery in the company’s drilling operations, and the use of offshore drilling platforms has been increasing in tandem with the daily rate. We expect that the future price of drilling operations in the country’s maritime areas will increase substantially in the context of the company’s drilling plate 3), ships, exhibits, etc.
As the company's shipboards continue to operate at a high level of operation and usage, we expect that they will continue to grow robustly; as they continue to open overseas markets, we expect that they will continue to be fully operational.
The company, we believe, will benefit from an average industry premium due to the elasticity of the company’s performance. For example, Jerry’s shares, which benefit 23 times the domestic page, are used as a domestic cracker, and China’s garments, which benefit the domestic oil company’s capital, which is dominated by China’s oil.
In addition, the seven-year action plan proposed by China and China is still far short of the current one, with the expected intensity of capital investment in the current round, the expected lengthening of the period, and we expect that the company's drilling platform utilization and daily fees will benefit from an increase in the number of company orders.
In the case of pb, the company ' s pb was 1.94 as at the reporting date.
47.662 billion yuan, or 63.1% of the total assets, mainly equipment such as the company ' s offshore drilling platform. We expect that, as the domestic market for marine oil suits continues to improve, the company ' s utilization of the offshore drilling platform will increase in tandem with the daily fees, and the risk of a significant reduction in the value of the corresponding assets in the short term will be less significant. And the company has already calculated significant impairment losses in the industry in 2016.
The company, as a leader of domestic offshore oil uniforms, is expected to benefit directly from the build-up of capital spending by domestic oil companies, such as China and China, in the current context of national policy to boost oil and gas production. The firm’s performance is now becoming clear and is expected to be released in the future.
Domestic oil and gas production is not as strong as expected: the company, as an oilfield service provider, has a strong correlation between domestic operations and domestic oil and gas development. If domestic production is not as strong as expected, it may lead to lower than expected performance in the domestic garment industry, which is passed on to the company.
Indicators such as the daily cost of drilling platforms, utilization rates, etc., have fallen short of expectations, affecting the company's Māori rate, and creating a negative impact on the company's performance Domestic oil firm's capital expenditure has fallen short of expectations: As an oilfield service provider, the company's domestic orders are mainly derived from three barrels of oil in the country.
There is a strong correlation, for example, with corporate income. If domestic oil companies spend less on capital than expected, they have a securities investment advisory committee with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board.