Curry coupons Centre for the Study of High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials
China's oil suits (601808.sh) have increased (first rating) in the number of countries benefiting from energy security and the rise in the performance of oil service countries' leading companies' professional garment companies under China's oil flag. About 80% of the revenue from China's oil uniforms comes from China and China's oil companies.
In mid-2019, oil capital expenditure is expected to be close to 80 billion yuan, an increase of around 25 per cent over the same year. The cost of barrel oil in the “three barrels” of oil has continued to fall to the current $29/bpb, significantly below the current cost line for oil prices and two other oil companies, with relative profitability.
At the top, the company’s performance in the suit-related industry was the first to recover. At present, China’s capital spending on oil is mainly concentrated in the Xianghai area, with seven-year action plans to complete the construction of oil in the western part of the South China Sea by 2025, with a target of 20 million tons of oil in the fields of the South China Sea and 20 million tons of oil in the eastern South China Sea, while China’s capital expenditure on oil in the South China Sea is sustained.
Oilfield technical services are the main source of current performance growth, and drilling operations are more profitable.1 Light asset-dependent oil field technical services contribute more than 104 per cent of the company ' s Māori revenue, both income and profitability, exceeding their peak levels in 2014, judging the sustained growth in oil field technical services performance.
First, the accuracy of the mining target requires that the demand for products such as high-end survey wells, such as drilling wells, MRI machines, etc., be raised. Second, the self-equipment capability is increased.
Wang Hua King's promotion has a greater profit elasticity. Our model calculates that if the daily rates continue to be raised on the current basis, the profits of the global pipeline are still being explored, and the performance of the China Sea is the first to rise. The global garment industry follows.
The expansion of swimming capital expenditure has shown a sustained recovery, with Srembergs planning to raise $898 billion in assets this year, impairment losses resulting in significant losses for the company, net profits in the last two quarters of Halliburton remaining in deficit, and the China-China oil-coating non-net profit rollout point in 2019, which is expected to continue in the coming years.
China Sea oil suit versus Bislumbeche, the future share of corporate revenue from oil field technical services will be over 60%. China Sea oil capital expenditure will fall short of expectations; oil prices will fall far below expectations.
▪ Drivers: National energy security strategy driven by continued high growth in capital expenditure for oil in China and China: drilling industry 2 is the main forecast: oilfield technical services operations continue to be optimized product structure, high-end product share continues to rise and profitability is stable; drilling operations are expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses next year, with daily rates available
Against this background, the continued high rate of capital spending growth in the China Sea oil may become the norm, with seven years of planning targeting development in the South China Sea becoming an important direction of spending on oil capital in the China Sea, supported by the current oil price environment, and a steady increase in capital spending on oil in the China Sea.
2) The market is generally pessimistic about the daily rate increase for drilling operations. We believe that, as the global oil-coat industry continues to recover, there is hope that drilling utilization will continue to rise to about 85%, driving up the bottom of the daily rate, and driving the elasticity of the company’s performance.
China’s oil capital expenditure fell short of expectations; oil prices fell far below expectations. First, the profit China’s oil capital expenditure increased, and corporate performance accelerated.
1.1 Increases in capital expenditure on oil in China and China directly benefiting the South China Sea, which has great potential for development. About 80% of revenues from China Sea Oil Group and its associates.
The share of oil and its affiliates in China’s oil and marine oil uniforms ranged from 81% to 83%. The main driver of the current growth in the performance of marine and marine oil uniforms is the increase in China’s oil capital expenditure.1 According to the National Exploration and Production Accelerating Development Plan 2019-2025, oil and gas are expected to rise upstream in the next seven years.
For exploration capital expenditure or weather cycle; 2 or 3 barrels of oil with a higher degree of certainty of growth in capital expenditure, for example, 62.6 billion yuan in China and 75 billion yuan in China oil in 2018 and 2019, respectively (at the hub level), while for the last three years domestic exploration capital expenditure in China and China has increased at an annual rate of more than 20 per cent.
In the last three years, domestic investment in exploration was 80, 10, 12 billion yuan, and in 2019 domestic investment focused on the Bay Area (the shallow sea area). The China Sea Oil Seven-Year Plan focused on developing the South China Sea region.
The focus of future capital spending will shift to the South China Sea region. According to the year, 20 million of the West South Sea oilfields, 20 million tons of the East South Sea oil fields will be fully established (currently 10 million in the West South Sea and 15 million in the East South Sea) and the South China Sea will be the Deep Sea.
In China, China's oil reserves in 2019 are high in China and overseas priority areas, Qinjiang Island 33-1 South oil fields.
hokchi oil field 19-6 gas field test area liba oil field i period  Southburg 35-2 oil field s1 wellsw project
BIG 16-3/21-2 TANGGHUii Project buzzard ii  Cao Cao Tien 6-4 Field Project
29-1 Brigade oilfield mero oil field  29-1 gas field
China Sea oil is the lowest cost of the “three barrels” of oil and the first-ever profit-making enterprise. The cost of the barrel oil for China Sea oil is estimated at $29/bbl, while the cost of the barrel oil for China Sequester and China Oil is higher than the cost for China Sea oil. In 2017-2019, Brent had an average price of $55, 72 and 64 per barrel, respectively, for the oil price zone.
In June of that year, $110 per barrel fell to $27 per barrel in January 2016, while revenues and net profits continued to decline during this period, and since 2017, as Brent’s oil prices stabilized, China’s oil prices went up.
In the first half of 2019, a 4% increase in revenue and a 19% increase in net profits, and in 2019 a higher net interest rate on sales than in 2014. The non-net profit on China’s oil jackets started to improve in 2019.
This is an increase in spending, with the China-China oil suit performance turning up in 2019. In the first three quarters of 2019, China-China earned $21.4 billion, an increase of 56 per cent, a net profit of $2.1 billion, an increase of 866 per cent, and a net profit of $1.89 billion after deduction, which started to improve.
Figure 9: Income from marine oil uniforms increased by 56 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2019 Figure 10: net profits from marine oil uniforms increased by 866 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2019
The shareholders in the China-China oil suits are the China-China Oil Group, with a share of 50.53%, listed on the Hong Kong Exchange Board in 2002 and listed in September 2007. The Chinese-China oil-suits are the subsidiaries of China-China oil companies specializing in offshore oil field services and the most functional, complete and comprehensive services in the Asian region.
The company’s services cover China’s maritime areas and extend to South-East Asia, the Middle East, the Americas, Europe, Africa, the Far East, and more than 30 countries and regions around the world.
China Sea oil suits have four major operating plates: drilling services, oilfield technical services, ship service and suit, which account for 29 per cent, 53 per cent, 11 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively. Drilling operations are the most profitable before China Sea oil uniforms, with a Māori rate of 43 per cent in 2014 and a Māori rate for oilfield technical services.
Each year, the company’s most profitable plate served the drilling industry, which was associated with high oil prices and a high daily rate environment. The contribution of drilling services at the peak of 2014, at $7.7 billion, or 53% of the total, was still in deficit, with the cost of depreciation amortized owing to the heavy asset characteristics of drilling operations.
Performance. As of the first half of 2019, the total assets of the drilling operations were 45,355 million yuan, or 60 per cent of the total assets, and the drilling operations were amortized by 1.59 billion yuan, or 37 per cent of the operating costs. In the first half of the year, 15 per cent of the assets of the field technical services and 49 per cent of the revenues contributed 104 per cent.
Māori. The oilfield technical services will be the business block that companies focus on nurturing.
During the annual gas cycle in the garment industry, sales costs ranged from 0.05 per cent to 0.1 per cent, because the company’s financial costs ranged from 1.3 per cent to 3 per cent. The $8.3 billion asset impairment loss in 2016 was mainly due to company tests.
Considering that the global oil field services market is still in a state of depression, the loss of the fixed asset impairment is mentioned at RMB 3,688 million, and the loss of the goodwill impairment at RMB 3,455 million.
Figure 18: The total number of employees in China and China ' s garments is 1509 fewer than in 2014 II. The elastic scope for drilling is greater and the growth of technical services is sustained 2.1 drilling operations: with the rate rising slowly, profitability is expected to improve
The offshore drilling platform is divided into three main types: self-upgrading, semi-submarine, and well drilling vessels. The main differences between self-upgrading and semi-submarine are the characteristics of the applicable waters, with self-upgrading operations 5-120 metres deep and low-cost, leading in the shallow sea, while semi-submarine operations are 100-3600 metres deep, especially in deep water.
• Globally, the use of semi-submarine platforms is lower than self-inflated. As of 2018, there were 508 self-incented platforms with a usage rate of about 65%; and 136 semi-submarine with a usage rate of around 47%.
Large-scale development in the South China Sea will increase the demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms. The average depth of the South China Sea is 1212 metres, the average depth of the South China Sea is 26 metres, and the development of the South China Sea will increase the demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms.
In mid-2019, the total number of rigs operated in the suit exceeded the plan at the beginning of the year. By the end of June 2019, the company had operated and managed 52 platforms (including 38 self-edged drilling platforms and 14 semi-submarine platforms), exceeding the 51 platform plans (36 self-instances and 15 of them) that had been strategically directed at the beginning of 2019.
The size of the drilling operations depends on the size and price of the rigs. The volume factor is compared to the cost of China’s oil capital.
The corresponding workload is related to the number of operational days observed: the price factor is mainly related to the supply and demand of the drilling platform, and the observation indicator is the daily rate (i.e. the daily income from the work of the drilling platform).
Number of days, availability rate, calendar day usage. Compared to 2014, in the three or more indicators in the first quarter of 2019, 10662 operational days in the first quarter of 2019 exceeded the peak of 2014, with 2 available days using 84%. Calendar day usage was 81%.
10pc upgrade space:3 our projected drilling platform rate is approximately $93,000 per day, chart 23: number of platforms (units: stations) in China and China for the year in which the drilling of the rigs has exceeded their single-sea operations in the same period in 2014. As at 2019q3, China and China are drilling for the rigs in China.
The number of days of service was 8036, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period. In terms of the single three quarters, more than 7599 days had passed the 2014 height point, indicating a relatively full workload in the drilling operations of the tanker.
Figure 26: Ihs reported a utilization rate of nearly 70 per cent of the global drilling platform in 2019 and a recovery of about 12 pct from the low point in 2016, but a gap still exists between 80 and 90 per cent of the previous utilization rate.
The daily rate increases require more than 85% of the drilling platform. Based on the 2019 strategic guidance for the Chinese and China oil suits, the company has judged that the production capacity of the drilling platform is still excessive in the short and medium term, and the daily rate is clear in the short term.
As of June 2019, there were currently more than 100 inactive platforms around the world and 98 drilling platforms were under construction, of which 55 were in China. Only 7 per cent of the 98 active platforms were contracted, and there were no mandatory end-of-life criteria for drilling platforms, judging the excess capacity of the last round of drilling platforms.
Figure 28: Global distribution of self-edged drilling platforms in 2018
Up to $176 million per day, with a higher rate of $93 to $1.0 million per day in 2018, which affected the recovery of profitability in the operation of the China Sea oil rigs. ▪ We make a projection model of drilling platform revenue in terms of volume and price: scenario 1, based on China Sea oil
The expected increase in capital spending, with a 30 per cent increase in the number of working days of the Platform in 2019-2021, and the performance sensitivity test in our model, if the daily rate is raised by 10 per cent, will drive the China Sea, and the drilling platform operations will remain in deficit.
Figure 31: Māori rate for the operation of the China-China oil rig drilling operation is low Figure 32: Projected revenue from the operation of the China-Sea oil rig drilling operations (in billions of yuan) Māori rate for the operation of the drilling services
2.2 Field technical services: core performance support, long-term dynamic direction
The equipment in the field consists of equipment required to perform the tasks described above, including equipment for surveying, drilling, recording, oil field production and oil field construction.
In 2017, the company ' s oilfield technical services portfolio generated $6.6 billion, or around 0.4 per cent of the global market; the oil field technical services were close to $2 trillion in market size, and the company ' s market share was expected to continue to rise.
Products such as company high-end well-detection equipment, which had previously been sub-contracted to Srembeche operations, and the revenue and profitability of oil field technical services abroad, have exceeded the previous round. We judge that there are two main reasons: first, China’s oil capital expenditure drives the precision of oil field technical services, such as drilling wells.
Increased downstream demand for high-end products, such as drilling well systems, nuclear magnetism, enhanced micro-resistance scanners, MRI machines, emrt, etc., higher end product profitability, with a proportional increase directly driving the plate ' s performance; and, second, company-owned performance compared to 2014.
We judge that the structural upgrading of oilfield technical services and the upgrading of equipment capabilities are ongoing and are the main contributors to the sustained growth in corporate performance. Figure 35: Revenue from oilfield technical services has surpassed the previous high-rises
Figure 36: The Māori Rate of Technical Services in the Fields has exceeded the previous round of high-level Māori Rate of Technical Services in the Field
Figure 38: High-end product representative - MRI machine emrt 2.3 ship and object exploration services: Māori 11 per cent, expected to grow robust Ship operations include, inter alia: provision of anchoring operations, drilling/engineering vessel (platform) towing, transportation, transportation, etc.
A wide range of ship operations services such as oil lifting operations, support for the repair of wells, shifting of crews at sea, protection of oil/gas fields, ice breaking, fire fighting, rescue, offshore oil disposal, etc. Exploration operations include, inter alia, 2D/ 3D conventional seismic exploration data collection, 2D/ 3D high detection
Seismological exploration data collection, four-dimensional seismic exploration data collection, obc (4c) three-dimensional seismic exploration data collection, wide-frequency seismic exploration data collection, wide-area/multi-dimensional seismic survey data collection, cable-up and down 2-dimensional vessel exploration vessels, 2 submarine cable fleets, 1 specialized seismic vessel and 2 multi-purpose support vessels, year
The collection capacity is 3D 35,000 km2, 2D 20,000 km, and the submarine cable is 2,000 m2. The growth rate of ship and property exploration operations is expected to continue at a steady rate of recovery over the next three years, with the Māori rate from the bottom and the Māori rate is relatively smooth.
Figure 40: Number of days of operation of the China-China garment ship service (in days) Figure 41: robust growth in ship and property exploration operations Figure 42: Māori ratio of ship and property exploration operations at the bottom
The recovery of profits from domestic oil companies is better than from overseas, the corporate development path is better than that of the Global Oil Company, the recovery from three barrels of oil in the country is better than the recovery of profits from overseas Chinese and Chinese oil uniforms is based on a recovery from global oil companies. Oil prices and oil companies are better off than oil companies.
In 2016-2019, the average price of tar rose from $45 per barrel to $63 per barrel at present, while the profits of major global oil companies, such as Mobil, Shell, bp, Daudhar, Chevron, slowly recovered, and “3 barrels” of domestic oil, China petrochemicals and China Sea oil represented.
Oil’s performance is driven by national energy security strategies, and its performance is better than that of offshore oil companies. The trend is that a profitable recovery in global oil companies will lead to an expansion in capital spending, leading to a 3.2-to-Srembette oil suit, with development potential for oil-field technical services.
China Sea oil suits are the first profit-seeking companies in the world’s leading garment companies. China Sea oil suits are overseas, mainly Srembeche and Hariberton, with revenues of $2252 and $164.7 billion in 2018: national industry companies include petrochemicals, Chinese oils and Chinese sea oils.
For example, high-end products such as drilling well systems, enhanced microresistance imager, MRI miner, etc.
Higher profitability than conventional products, with a higher share leading to higher profitability of the business portfolio. Figure 48: Financial data of major global companies in uniform for 2018. Figure 49: Single-quarter income and net profit indicators of major global companies in clothing.
Srembeche is the world ' s largest oilfield technology service provider, the United States share code scl.l, whose oil field technology revenue is divided into three major operations: drilling, production and oil storage, with revenues of $748, 1108 million and $113 billion at the peak of oil prices in 2014, and 60 per cent and 77 per cent at the peak of the three operations in 2018.
Halliburton, the second largest oilfield technical service company after Srembeche, has the US share code Har.n, whose nuclear core operations are divided into completed production and drilling assessments, with revenues of $551 billion and $10.95 billion in 2018, representing 57 per cent and 62 per cent, respectively, of the peak oil prices.
In a low oil-price environment, the decline in the share of oil drilling operations by oil companies is the norm. During the 2012-2014 period of strong oil prices, the share of drilling operations in Srembeche was about 38% of total revenue, while in 2016-2018, the share of drilling operations fell to less than 30%, and the share of light-assessed oilfield technical services will rise.
If oil prices remain at current levels, it is expected that the share of China Sea oilfield technical services in corporate revenue will continue to rise to over 60 per cent.
IV. Profit forecasting and valuation: a reasonable market value of $95.2 billion next year Oilfield technical services: growth in revenue from the operation is largely dependent on growth in China and China oil capital expenditure, and profitability is dependent on optimized product structure. We expect China and China oil capital expenditure to be sustained at a sustained rate in 2019-2021
Drilling operations: revenue from this operation is dependent on two indicators: daily rates and number of days of drilling work, and we assume that drilling operations will receive 30 per cent, 20 per cent and 20 per cent increases over the next three years, while the daily rate remains unchanged at $93,000 per day, depending on the incremental demand resulting from capital openings.
4.2 Valuation analysis: Next year ' s reasonable valuation will give 23pe a 36-fold valuation and an average of 21-fold sea oil uniform per cent in 2009-2015, and we believe that the current garments are at the starting point of the weather cycle and that industry will continue to improve in the future, giving the company 23-fold per year.
pb valuation: overseas Haliberton and Sremberghepb at an average value of 1.9 and 1.4, respectively, at 1.65, and Chinese marine oil uniforms are currently twice the value of pb and the average value of 2009-2015 pb is 2.67 times.
Figure 55: To give companies a reasonable valuation of 2.67 times pb next year, China’s oil capital costs fall short of expectations. Domestic profitability and capital spending are affected by oil prices at the same time, and if oil prices fall faster than expected, they affect China’s oil profitability, which in turn affects capital spending.
The risk of a further drop in drilling rates is higher than expected. There are currently 98 drilling platforms in the process of being built, which, when released, will increase the risk of overcapacity of drilling platforms, with a further reduction in drilling rates.