Eastern wealth (300059.sz) 300059.sz, buy-in: 2c end-of-life Internet financial service provider
Fund sales in the United Nations secondary market are Beta  China’s Internet Integrated Financial Services penetration rate has room for improvement, with a share of the leadership being the main beneficiary
In China, the number of users of Internet finance reached 151 million in 2018, with a usage rate of 18.3 per cent, while the number of users using the Internet for stock and funds continued to increase year by year, reaching 67.3 million in 2017, with a usage rate of 8.7 per cent and a high growth prospects.
The company is the leading 2c-type Internet Integrated Service Providers in China, with 1h19 securities (2c), the fund salesr (2c) and the Internet financial information service (2c) as a percentage of income.
Free software and website to open up customers for multi-dimensional realizations, such as diversion to company-owned portfolio investment operations, marketing funds, marketing fee versions, and implantation, once the client has established a sticky use
The core of the firm's core competitiveness lies in its leading online flow, its number of users and its consistency.
For a period of time, the average weekly browse of the Eastern Wealth Network was 2.5 times the second peak; on several occasions, the peak of the total number of people covered was found in the Eastern Wealth Network, with a peak of more than 45 million; and weekly averages of average time spent were at the top of the same financial and economic sites.
The company’s financial performance is highly relevant to the level of second-tier markets. In the last year, securities, which account for more than 60% of the company’s income, have a high pace of exchange with a share, and basic gold salesr services, which account for nearly 30% of the company’s income, have a strong correlation with a share exchange, which means that they account for more than 90% of the company’s income.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings are based on the advantage of Eastern wealth at the end of c. User flows and high customer stickyness, with future multi-dimensional liquidity periods. For the first time, coverage gives a "buy-in" investment rating.
The benefits of the flow and the development of a comprehensive Internet finance service allow companies to grow in the future. For the first time, coverage is given to the " purchase of Eastern wealth lines " , which are divided mainly into securities services, financial e-commerce services (fund sales), and financial information services.
We split and forecast other operations according to business: (1) 66 per cent of corporate revenue comes from securities, and we add up to the company's current core business and priority breakthroughs for the future.
The income from fund sales and other power suppliers is influenced by market activity, and as institutional investors outnumber the general public, there is a clear advantage in the flow of Eastern wealth on the line, with significant user advantages at the end of c. Users are highly sticky, users are very numerous.
Maintaining a high level of volume and flow will help companies to realize the realization of user flows, thereby promoting pioneering innovation at the level of diversification of their operations in the area of Internet finance (e.g., securities business services, which the company began to deploy in 2015), thereby contributing to the sustainable and stable development of companies.
Unlike public perceptions, user flows have had the desired effect, capital markets have been better, and policies have driven the development of the Internet finance sector. User flows have had less than expected effects, capital markets have declined, and financial policy changes have had a negative impact on business.
(i) Overall market size: China ' s growing demand for Internet financial services platforms for c-end investors has continued to grow in the number of Chinese investors and in the size of its investments, as Chinese residents ' incomes have increased and stock markets have expanded rapidly. From 2013 to 2018, China ' s total holdings of investable assets increased from 96.2 trillion yuan to 1.9 million yuan.
In 2018, there were 146 million Chinese investors, of whom 99% were natural investors, with a high penetration rate of 10.47%. As a result, investment platforms for c-end investors are promising.
According to the China Internet Information Centre, the number of users of the Internet in 2018 reached 151 million, with a usage rate of 18.3%.
The number of users has continued to rise year by year, reaching 67.3 million in 2017, with a usage rate of 8.7%. The Internet has become an indistinguishable channel for financial management.
The types are broadly divided into four categories: Internet one-stop integrated financial services platforms, traditional financial institutions online platforms, verticalized platforms, and other platforms. They also have high access, property thresholds, and technical capabilities.
One-stop Integrated Financial Services Platform (IFSP), with 86.5% of online finance users choosing to use: as the Internet and finance become deeply integrated with user habits, IFSP will become the preferred option for online finance users in the future.
In these areas, they are also dominated by third-party service providers that have already accumulated a large number of users and pre-existing data on the Internet, such as Eastern wealth, swathes, ants on the back of Alibaba, etc.
In 2017, IQS showed that, in December of that year, third-party securities service applications were ranked third in the mau size statistics for Internet voucher dealers who were active users of mobile customers, and that there was a large gap between the traditional voucher apps of third-party securities services.
In 2017, the Fund’s individual investors purchased the Fund’s platform, where traditional base-fund sales channels (banks, bond dealers, etc.), the Fund’s own management companies and third-party e-commerce sales agents were well established. In 2017, third-party e-commerce sales platforms accounted for 30.2 per cent of sales; for example, independent sales agencies were counted.
Third-party platforms with non-traditional channels account for more than a third of the non-traditional third-party sales platforms. To date, third-party e-commerce marketing platforms account for the top five out of the top five.
The market capacity of our Internet-based financial information services is increasing. Currently, the main players in the market are financial information services, which are predominantly intelligent, homogenous, eastern wealth, Quantities, beneficial stock, compasses, etc., and have emerged as listed companies, represented by wisdom, homogenous and Eastern wealth. Total revenues from Internet-based financial information services in 2017.
(ii) Industrial chains: Internet financial information providers and trade intermediation platforms are the core force The Internet integrated financial services industry chains are divided into four parts, upstream, upper-middle, lower-middle and downstream.
Advisory bodies, such as the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the China Financial Futures Exchange, etc.
These intermediaries buy information and software services from information service providers and use this information to allow downstream investors to pass through him.
Under the industry chain, the final user of financial information products and services, including institutional and individual investors, is the final consumer of the industry. Investors, using Internet-based financial information services, process integrated financial information to make investment decisions quickly, and then invest in trading intermediaries.
In the industrial chain, Internet financial information providers and lower-middle- and upper-middle-stream trading intermediation platforms are the core force, providing investors directly with information and investment channels, and a mandatory platform to connect Chinese securities markets and investors. As Internet end-users grow and Internet functionality becomes more widely available, so do the services of large-line and off-line trade intermediaries.
It will look to the field of online integration, starting with the development of a full platform, one-stop information delivery, investment trading terminals, covering the industrial chain up and down, attracting more traffic and increasing the stickyness of users in its own platform, and using user stickyness and traffic to reverse its business vis-à-vis individual investors. Therefore, it is expected that, in the future, Internet financial information service providers will and will be trading.
In the area of Internet finance, Eastern wealth, homogenousness, altruism and wisdom have always had similar business models and practices in the field of Internet finance.
Of these, Eastern wealth, homogeneity, and wisdom are listed companies. But in recent years, several companies have changed their development orientations and business structures.
During the course of the year, with the successful possession of licences including inland securities, fund sales, cemetery funds, private fund-raising funds, etc., the same-soon and big-wielding received only fund sales licences. As a result, Eastern wealth-owning funds and securities services, and the same-swipe and big-witted-owned funds. The diversification of financial services has resulted in Eastern wealth not only being Internet money.
Integrating information service providers also extends their operations to trade intermediation services and successfully channel their own flows and users to their own trading intermediation platforms, thus approaching the Internet Integrated Financial Services platform. To date, the gross operating income of Eastern wealth has reached $1.998 billion (in the case of unlisted financial services, only in 2016).
The wealth of the East was established in 2005 and placed on the market at the deep end in March 2010, with more than a decade of financial information services, and more recently through the creation of the Internet Financial and Economic Portal, the Financial and Electronic Commerce Platform, and the “Oriental Wealth Network”
Financial terminal and mobile end-of-end Internet financial services platforms provide large-scale users with products and services based on interconnectivity platform applications. Currently, the main business of Eastern wealth is securities, financial e-business services, financial information services and advertising.
From the beginning of the Eastern Wealth Network in 2005, the Eastern Wealth Network has been working to expand its operations. The Sky Fund Network and the Equity Bar have emerged as one of the most accessible and sticky Internet financial information services platforms in the country.
In 2014, Eastern wealth acquired further Hong Kong Bohua century securities and Tibetan identical securities, and changed its name to Eastern wealth securities, acquired inland securities licences, and carried out securities operations. In addition, Eastern wealth is also involved.
In 2005, the Eastern Wealth Network became online.
The stock bar went online in 2006 and the Sky Fund Network went online in 2007 and the Eastern Wealth Company went on the market in Shenzhen in 2010.
"The Sky Fund Network became eligible for the Fund ' s sales in 2012 and the 2013 School Consultation officially released the 2014 purchase of Hong Kong Bohua Century Securities and Tibetan Consorts. "
(subsequently renamed Eastern Wealth Securities)
According to the company’s semi-annual report of 2019, it is actually the current Chairman and Managing Director, holding 21.99% of the shares. The top ten shareholders share the entire chain of business in the East, with products and services covering the upper and lower branches of the industry.
The business model of Eastern wealth has been improved by the diversity of business. The business model of the securities business is that Eastern wealth securities provide securities brokers, finance coupons, etc. for institutions and individual investors.
The business model for financial data services is: Eastern wealth, on the one hand, provides financial advice to users, professional data terminals, etc., and, on the other, financial information to individual users.
The business model for advertising and Internet extension services is: the East is rich enough to take advantage of its own user flow, to attract advertisers to advertise on company websites for advertising revenue, and to direct the opening of bonds to obtain a share of transaction fees.
Main clients, companies always give high priority to the services of individual investors and increase the consumption transformation of individual users
Business model of the Eastern Financial Data Service Business model of the Eastern Wealth Internet Advertisement Service The Eastern Wealth Building Internet Integrated Financial Services platform, currently mainly for investors via the Internet and mobile communication networks
The market demand for portfolio investment services and related products, financial information, data analysis, soft systems, etc. for Chinese stock markets and investors, is closely related to the stock market’s landscape. In contrast to the stock price trends in Eastern wealth, the stock price performance of Eastern wealth and the stock market’s dynamism in terms of total stock exchange a is increasing.
This is largely parallel to the rate of increase, which is positive (the return on securities business was included in the Eastern Wealth Mothers ' Table at the end of 2015, resulting in an overstatement of the same-year growth in 2016); the financial e-commerce business was more or less in line with the same rate of turnover of a share; and it was substantially higher than the rate of increase of a share: the same rate of growth in financial data service operations.
This is a sign that Eastern wealth is more closely linked to a share, and that Eastern wealth can be sustained by years of accumulation and flow when markets are not doing well.
The trend in Eastern wealth stock prices is related to a stock exchange.
The Eastern Wealth Financial Data Service is linked to the a-shares (ii) Core Competitiveness of Companies: High Flow, Multi-User, High Sticky
The main products under the Eastern wealth banner are the “Orient wealth network” and the pcweb end of the Sky Fund network and the app mobile client of two websites. In terms of the performance of these products, Eastern wealth has the upper power to compete over Internet traffic and users.
User sticky is high in the industry, and user flow realization has been the most important development pillar of Eastern wealth. Eastern wealth, supported by high flows, multiple users, and high stickyness, acts as an Internet integrated financial service provider, with excellent performances in terms of volume, using the main site, the pcweb end of the Eastern Wealth Network, as an example of viewing and accessing financial websites.
According to the China Internet Information Centre, since 2012, the weekly page views of Eastern wealth (pv) and weekly visits have been far higher than those of other major competitors of the same kind, such as the New Waves, the Soyuz, and the Phoenix Network. The company ' s weekly page views have been second only to its new wave.
Over the last three years, the daily viewing of the Sky Fund network has remained stable at around 5.5 million, and the daily viewing of transactions has steadily increased. Eastern wealth has an absolute advantage over flows.
A comparison of the weekly page views of the Eastern Wealth Network shows that, in terms of the number of users, the total weekly coverage of the Eastern Wealth Network at the pcweb end is on average high in the rivals, at 10,000. At the mobile app end, the number of monthly active users of the Eastern Wealth Network (mau) is second only to the number of competing competitors.
In terms of user sticky, the weekly user visits of the Eastern Wealth Network have been high, except for a few weeks, and ranked first. The daily wealth network visits 22.31 minutes per day in 2018, and in 2019.
In general, Eastern Wealth Network and Sky Fund Network users are at a high level of stickyness within the industry and, together with their industry's leading flows and the size of users, have gained many operational advantages of scale, contributing to their Internet-making financial situation (iii) the firm's financial position: net profits have steadily increased.
In 2018, the gross proceeds of Eastern wealth grew by 3,123 million yuan, or 22.64 per cent, the second consecutive year of falling behind in 2016. In the first half of the year, the gross revenues of companies grew by 22.2 per cent, a steady increase. In terms of the composition of companies, securities became a substitute for financial data services.
The core business of corporate revenue, which rose from year to year, reached 66 per cent in the first half of 2019; the Fund ' s third-party e-commerce service account for a slight decrease, with 28.28 per cent, and still accounts for a significant portion of total operating income.
In terms of revenue composition, Eastern wealth is moving away from a single financial data provider, and multidisciplinary Internet integrated financial services platforms are emerging. Thus, given the warmth of capital markets and good signals and the company’s integrated and comprehensive development of business models, we estimate that the company’s operating revenues will be expected over the next three years.
Corporate control over management and sales costs has continued to grow. Net corporate profits in 2018 were 958 million yuan, an increase of 50.94 per cent over the same period; net profits in the first half of 2019 were 870 million yuan, an increase of 55.98 per cent over the same period.
Roughness has not been affected by the downturn in capital markets, which have been rising at a reverse rate; net profit growth has increased steadily in the first half of 2019 as capital markets have warmed back.
The Eastern Wealth Line is divided into securities services, financial e-commerce services (fund sales), financial information services, etc. We split them according to business and forecast: 66 per cent of corporate revenue comes from securities operations, which are the weight of the company's current core business and priorities for the future.
Large active users, we expect a steady upward trend in revenue growth for the business over the next three years, the income from fund sales and other power suppliers to be affected by market activity and, as institutional investors move towards a declining capital market climate, financial policy changes, and user flow liquidity less than expected to have a negative impact on business.
Chen Xiaotian, in 2016, joined the network security and is currently the head of the Media Internet team. Certificate number: s030051609001.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.