In-house capital, pcb lead company, “Demand warmth + national production Deep South circuits (002916.sz)” focuses on the field of electronic interconnection and works on “the collection of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions”
The company has three operations: printing circuit boards, sealing boards, and electronic fittings, which form the industry’s unique “3-in-one” layout. At the core of the connection, the company continuously strengthens the printing circuit board’s leading position, while at the same time vigorously developing its “technology-based” envelopes and “customer-like” operations.
The combined gains of 15.54 per cent and 20.88 per cent for both the harvest and the net profit return were higher than the global average in the pcb industry, with the financial indicators ranked first among the companies listed in a share pcb and their output ranked globally.
In 2023, global production of pcb is expected to decline by 15%, mainly as a result of reduced downstream demand and downstream businesses going to stock. In the medium and long term, technology is economic development.
The main driver is the electronics industry, which is an important part of science and technology, and pcb, which is the “mother of the electronics industry”, is expected to grow at a combined rate of 5.4 per cent in 2023-2028. In the server sector, pcb has been growing along layers from low to high, from low-speed to low-speed consumption of raw materials, with the outbreak of the ai in 2023 leading to services.
Pcb upgrades have accelerated, and Prismark expects a compound increase in the value of pcb production in server/data storage area of 2022-2027 at 7.6%, ranking first among all downstream demand. Deep South circuits are the only listed company actually controlled by the State Finance Committee of the Council of State in the pcb area.
Ping, continuously adjusting the income structure, is expected to benefit in depth from the wave. The inner-capital enveloped base plate taps benefit from “semiconductor cycle warming + higher national production rate.” The plate is an important material for the encapsulation of ic, whose development is driven by the evolution of ic encapsulation technology, with downstream demand half.
The irritation cycle influences. The board is more demanding on a number of technical parameters than the traditional pcb, higher on process and material, lower share of insiders, more autonomous in China, in 2022, brand-ic seals, about 3.2% of total output, and the deep south circuit is the inner Chinese envelope.
Wsts expects global semiconductor sales to grow by 13.1% in 2024 and storage market sales by 44.8% in 2024, which is expected to drive demand for the deep south electrical storage type bt board. At the same time, the U.S. technical blockade on China will accelerate the national production of the relevant link to the fc-bga envelope.
Investment proposals: Corporate revenue collection, net profits, total assets and net assets are actively expanding in areas such as the ranking of a sharepcb listed companies, and the income structure continues to be optimized. Technical barriers to the envelope board are high, the share of domestic companies is low, deep south circuits are used as the backbone of the built-in envelope in mainland China, and in “semiconductor cycle warms +”
And $19,456 million, representing an increase of 11.84 per cent, 13.30 per cent and 13.52 per cent; net profit on maternity is 16.04, and client certification is not as fast as expected.
Focusing on the area of electronic connectivity, dedicated to “building an integrator of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions.” The deep south circuits have three operations: printing circuit boards, envelope boards, and electronic packaging links, which form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry. The company has the backbone of connectivity, and is constantly strengthening the lead in printing circuit boards, while at the same time vigorously developing its “technology-synchronous” envelope board operations and its “guessss” operations.
Table 1: The deep south circuit development history of Shenzhen City Deep south circuits Ltd. was officially established.
The transition to the communications sector was completed, with the production of high-level double-surface and multi-layered panels, and from 1993 to 1994, the area of production was expanded to 6,500 square metres and the production capacity was quadrupled.
For the first time, a batch of 12 floors at the highest end of the country was processed, and a scratching board research and development project was launched. “Shinnam Circuits Ltd., Shenzhen City” was officially renamed “Deep South Circuits Limited”.
Launch of a project focusing on high multilayers, highlighting inner-layer production, process control, increasing the development of forward-looking technologies for pcb, using advanced technologies such as hdi processes, characteristic resistance processes, laser punching, etc., as the first pcb enterprise to produce a communications backboard in the country.
To become the first pcb “enterprise technology centre” in Shenzhen city, the thick copper plate research and development project was launched, and a foundation ceremony was held for the high-end printed circuit board investment project.
Launching of the metal-based circuit board development project, layout 3g operations. Proposing the “3-in-one” strategy: the transformation of the layout around the electronic interconnection layout pcb, the encapsulation board, the electronic assembly link and the design, one-stop service.
Deep South circuits enter the semiconductor enveloped base plate area. Through the National Centre for Enterprise Technology, they are identified as the first national enterprise technology centre in the printed circuit board industry.
The enveloped base line is fully functional and is being tested for production, and the mems-mic is being produced; the no tin-deep south research and development centre is being established; the no tin-deep south-deep semiconductor sealing base plate project is under way.
Deep South Circuits Ltd. was officially renamed Deep South Circuits Ltd., which became operational without tin-deep south pcba connection, and pcb without tin-I.
The project on semiconductor sealing for the non-tin-drought subconductor was completed (phase I). For the first time, a share was marketed.
Investing in the construction of the Guangzhou Built Base Production Project. From the electronics industry chain, the deep south circuit as a whole already has production and service capacity from level 1 to level 3 complete assembly, which can provide clients with a one-stop service from the principles map, pcb/sip design, pcb/sub production, electronic fittings, seal testing.
The pcb (printing circuit boards) is a key interconnectivity for the assembly of electronic parts, providing not only electrical connectivity for electronic components, but also for digital electronic devices and analogue signal transmission, power supply and radio frequency microwave signal transmission and reception functions, most of which are equipped because they are called “the mother of electronics”.
Encapsulation base plates are close to pcb manufacturing principles and are extensions of pcb to high-end technologies adapted to the rapid development of electronic containment technologies, both of which are relevant. Electronic assembly links are downstream of the pcb manufacturing business, meaning that the electronic components are welded to pcb by means of plugs, surfaces, microassemblies, etc.
Reliability tests, formation of modules, whole machines or systems. Income and net return profits increased steadily over the long term. The compound recovery rate for companies reached 15.54 per cent between 2017 and 2023, net of which, due to downstream market demand, the overall crop rate of the pcb and the pcb operations decreased during the year compared to the same period in the previous year, adding new coatings.
The costs and fixed costs of project construction, new plant landslides, etc., have been affected by the fact that IGC and IEE operations have generated revenues of $80.73, $23.06 and $2,119 million, respectively, representing 59.68 per cent of the company’s total revenues, and the company’s financial indicators are ranked higher. A comparison of the financial indicators for the first three quarters of 2023 for the 41 companies that produced the circuit boards is deep.
South circuit total assets, owners’ interests, collections and homecoming net profits are ranked fourth in the industry. Of these, profit-producing technology is derived mainly from the copper sheet, and corporate total assets, net assets and collections are steady at the third. According to the Prismark data, the company ranked eighth in the global list of producers of circuit boards in 2023.
By the end of 2023, the company’s first major shareholder, China Air International Holdings Ltd., held 328 million shares, representing 63.97% of total equity, and the actual controller was the State Council’s National Finance Committee.
(i) Global pcb output growth is expected to return at a positive rate, with server sector pcb production leading at a steady rate for the long term. Global pcb output is projected to decline by 15.0 per cent in 2023 compared to the year, and the entire electronics industry is influenced by macro-economic stacking and downstream firms moving to stocks, with pcb overall demand under pressure. In the medium and long term, technology is the main driver of global economic development.
It is “first productivity”, and the associated industrial development is expected to maintain a high rate of growth. The development of pcb, as the “mother of electronics”, is closely linked to that of the electronics industry. Prismark expects a combined annual growth rate of 5.4 per cent in global pcb production for 2023-2028, with a ratio of 12 per cent in server/data storage.
For example, mobile phones, computers, pc, and other consumer electronics fields, pcb production was 1,568 million, 12.745 billion and $1,185 billion, respectively, representing 19%, 16% and 14% of pcb production respectively. The server and data storage areas, pcb production was 12%, and ranked fourth in all applications.
The server continuously upgrades the value of pcb over time. In order to meet the need for constant increases in the rate of data transmission and frequency of operation in the new application scenario, the server needs to be continuously upgraded, with the central processor (cpu) as the core part of the server determining the performance of the service provider and the simultaneous upgrade of supporting components such as gpu, dram, communication chip, pcb and other parts.
The platform consists of the "cpu+chip group plus bus" and the server platform upgrades require not only continuous upgrades of cpu, but also continuous evolution of the pcie bus standards to meet data transfer requirements. The evolution of the pcie bus technology drives the server pcb layer from low to 5.0 will increase the total pcb value of a single server by more than 100%.
In 2023, the Great Prophecy Model, represented by chhatgpt, was born as an important development event, an explosive development, and in early 2024, the openai industry continued to maintain high-speed growth, leading to an accelerated upgrade of the server. Compared to the traditional server, the pcb contained a larger amount of pcb.
(ii) Corporate product applications are centred on communications equipment, with a focus on data centres, automobiles and electronics.
The company specializes in production and processing of medium- and high-end pcb. In the field of printing circuit boards, the company specializes in the design, development and manufacture of high-school-end printed circuit boards with high accuracy, density and reliability characteristics, including backboards, high-speed multilayers, multifunctional metal base panels, thick copper panels, high-frequency microwave panels, scratching boards, etc., with a rich product type and downstream applications centred on communications equipment.
Focused data centres (including servers), auto electronics, long-term deep-farming workers, medical care, etc. Table 5: Companies producing circuit board products and applications with representative products such as backboards, high-speed multilayers, multi-purpose metal base panels, thick copper plates, high-frequency microwave panels and scratching boards.
In the field of panels, the backboards play an extremely important role in the electronic system, with the function of connecting the functional panels and achieving the transmission of signals between the functional panels, the aorta of the electronic system. As a result, the backboards are often characterized by high layers, super-sized, super-heavy, super-heavy weight, high reliability, and the processing techniques are more difficult, especially in the process of layer pressure, drilling, electroplating, etc., along with the electromechanics.
The increase in the integration of the pieces and the increase in the number of i/o components, advances in electronic assembly technology, transmission of signals to high frequency and high-speed digitalization, and the increase in the number of layers, thickness and holes on the backboards, as well as their reliability requirements. The company is in a leading position in the manufacturing of the backboards, with the autonomous development of back-drilling technology, staircase technology, side metalization technology and high-frequency material backboarding technology.
Industry leads. In the field of metal base plates, which are characterized by good heat evaporation and mechanical processing performance, they are used mainly in high-heating electronic systems and can be effective in reducing the area of printed circuit boards, improving the reliability of products and reducing production costs. Depending on the metal base material, they can be divided into copper, aluminium, steel, etc., of which the copper base plate is the most advanced and the most widely used.
Pan-metal-based products, which are used mostly in such disaggregated areas as communications wireless base stations, microwave communications, etc., to address high power system heat evaporation; aluminium, which is less evasive than copper-based panels, but because of lower costs, are used extensively in areas such as led crystal display, led lighting; iron, which is magnetic and is also used in such disaggregated areas as electric machines, motors, etc.
In the area of high frequency microwave boards, HF microwave boards are printed circuit boards made of special high frequency materials (e.g., polytetrafluoroethylene) and used mainly for the transmission of electronic products from high frequency signals, such as telecommunications base stations, microwave communications, satellite communications and radars. HF microwave panels require higher signal integrity, are more difficult to process, and are effectively upgraded to high frequency microwave panels.
Industrial performance has a crucial impact on enhancing their signal integrity. Companies are able to produce products in bulk, such as high-frequency material multi-layers, high-frequency material and general material mixes, local mixing multi-layers and high-frequency material backboards, and have effectively expanded the application of products by combining techniques such as encumbrance, human encumbrance, etc.
The panel endpoint is connected to the end-point cable, which is more reliable than the traditional plug-in or watch cable connection. At the same time, as the scratching board can provide both a support for rigid panels and a curvature of scratchboards, it can meet a three-dimensional assembly requirement that effectively reduces the size and weight of the product, which can be applied in large quantities to consumer-type electronics such as smartphones, tablet computers, digital cameras, wearable devices, etc.
Products, coupled with applications in industrial areas such as communications equipment, aerospace, and engineering and medical care, are growing faster.
In the area of communications, domestic market demand has not improved significantly in 2023, and the pace of projects in the second half of the overseas market has slowed, resulting in a delay in demand.
In the data centre area, overall capital spending by major global cloud service providers declined in 2023, leading to a decline in overall server demand, a year-on-year increase in the corporate data centre area, a gradual start in the products of the eaglestream platform, mainly for some clients in the second half of the year, and a breakthrough in the development of new customers and some new products, such as the ai acceleration card.
In the area of motor vehicles, the company has fully seized the opportunity for growth in new energy sources and in the direction of adas, with an increase of more than 50 per cent year-on-year orders in the area of automobiles, the release of single increment mainly from the demand for new customer targeted projects imported by the company in the previous period, and the demand for adas-related high-end products.
Technology R&D leads the way. The company is a high-tech firm with a national torch program, the first national technology innovation company to print a circuit board industry. Technology demonstration enterprises and the National Enterprise Technology Centre have consistently adhered to technology leadership strategies, using technology development as the first driver, maintaining high investment in R&D, and continuously upgrading their autonomous R&D and innovation capabilities. After years of research and development and innovation, companies have developed a series of autonomous knowledge.
In the case of backboards, for example, the top layers of the company's backboard samples are currently up to 120 floors, and the bulk production floors are up to 68 floors. They are industry leaders.
820 million yuan, which is 1.75 times the cost of R & D of the company ' s share of electricity. In 2023, the company ' s R & D cost was 1,073 million yuan, an increase of 30.94 per cent over the same year, accelerated development in the general one-time pilot server area, pcb. Deep South circuits are the only listed company under the effective control of the State Finance Committee of the State Council in the pcb area. Technology and production processing capabilities are at the industry ' s leading level and will benefit from depth in the wave.
iii. The inner-sourced enveloped base plate, which is the "half-conductor cycle warmer + higher national production rate" supports development (i) the board is an important material for encapsulation of ic, which has a low national production rate. The board is also known as an integrated circuit seal, which is a key carrier for the integrated circuit industry seal.
It also provides an electronic connection between the chip and pcb, or even a sourceless, active device that can be buried to achieve a system function. Printing circuit boards can be divided into different levels during the electronic installation process, with different levels of pcb performing a slightly different function, and load boards fall within level 2 of the electronic installation level.
Figure 11: Figure 12: The relationship between different levels of electronic installation and the use of pcb is more demanding on many technical parameters than the traditional pcb. The plate is a high end product in pcb, in many technical parameters.
The upper requirements are higher, especially the most core line width/line range parameters. For example, the memory chip board, which is 20um/20um, will continue to be reduced in the future to 15um/15um, 10um/10um, and the normal pcb line width/line length is 50um/50um or more.
The most widely used enveloped panels. The rigid envelopes can be divided by the main raw material into bt, abf and mis panels, of which the bt and abf panels are most widely used. The envelopes can be divided into (wb) sheets and inverted (fc) panels according to the envelopes attached to pcb.
The encapsulation panels can be divided into grid arrays (bga), pin grid arrays (pga), grid arrays (lga), chip size envelopes (csp), plates on chips (boc), etc. Depending on the application area, the encapsulation panels can be divided into storage chip envelopes, base plate, logical chip envelopes, sensor chip envelopes, communication chip envelopes, etc.
The development of the board is influenced more by the evolution of the containment technology. The history of the development of the encapsulation technology can be divided into four phases. The first stage is the plug-in component phase, which is dominated by a puncture-plug-type envelope; the second stage is the surface-filling phase, which is a shift from a perforated plug-in envelope to a surface-encapable envelope, moving from a two-sided tug-line envelope on the plane to a four-way fuse on the plane, with the main structural characteristics being a fuse frame; and the third step.
The fourth stage is the stacking of a single block covers from the surface to the system seal phase, multi-chip envelopes, and stereo system seals. The traditional envelopes use the fuse frame as the guide line for integrated circuits and as a vehicle to support integrated circuits.
The reduction in the characteristic size of integrated circuits, their increasing integration, the development of integrated circuit envelopes in the direction of extra-guiding feet, narrow spacing, and miniaturization have resulted in new encapsulations (loading boards), and the evolution of the containment technology has also contributed significantly to the development of the board.
Paths, basic process routes can be summarized into three types: subtraction, add-up, and semi-aggregation. The subtraction method is to remove the excess bronze by selective etching and to obtain the conductor graphics after using the surface of the coated sheet pressure sheet, which is resistant to corrosion. Adding is an insulation base with a light-sensitive catalyst, which activates the required circuit area, sediments, and is obtained by selective chemical plating of copper (heavy copper) after exposure by line graphics.
The semi-aggression method uses the insulation base for chemical bronze to get thin bronze, and by printing anti-plating graphics (negative images) and graphic plating and thickening the conductor's graphics, the excess bronze beams are rapidly carved out. The reduction process matures and stables, and the pcb production process is based on reduction as the main process route, forming an industrial chain from the base material to the complete equipment, and the pcb produced by the decomposition process is stable in quality.
The disadvantage is that raw materials are consumed in large quantities, more pollutants are produced, and the process line width is wired, with a minimum line width of more than 50m. The built-up method is used to produce high-density lines of less than 10um, but is inadequate in terms of integration with the base plate and the reliability of the line guidance.
The ic board of the China Galaxy Securities Institute has a higher demand for materials. Semi-aggregation, while able to meet the very small line width requirement, is subject to material constraints. The conductor layer on the semi-aggression intermediate layer forms the chemical copper layer by chemical plating, and then uses it on the chemical copper layer.
The combination of the chemical copper layer and the medium material is generally less powerful, especially for the semi-solidated fragments currently commonly used, which are epoxy-based resins. In the application of component fittings, circuit boards generally pass 230°C ~260°C at high temperatures, and when combined, separation between copper and medium formations is very likely to occur, resulting in less heat-resistant circuit boards after completion.
In order to address the issue of combined force, material suppliers have developed ad hoc medium layer materials for semi-accumulation processes, abf resin, which is a by-product of the Japanese Taste Company when it produces fine foods, also known as the “Favorite Mermula”, which is a thin film made of synthetic resin-type materials and is well insulated. Its base sheet core structure is still preserved in fc-bga products.
The core layer (also known as coresubstrate) is pre-immersed with bt tree esters and the number of layers is increased with a symmetrical addition based on the two-faced core, but the top-down layer structure is removed from the original pre-immersion sheet pressured with copper slabs and replaced on abf with copper plating as another copper base plate (resin-coatedcopperfoil).
Rcc), which would reduce the overall thickness of the board and break through the difficulties encountered in the laser drilling of the original bt ester board: US$ 23.89 per cent more than the previous year, projected to reach US$ 21.4 billion in size by 2026, showing rapid growth. According to Prismark statistics, the combined annual growth rate of the global ic sheeting industry between 2023 and 2028 would be 8.8 per cent, broken down.
The fastest-growing market for products. In the field of bottom-down applications of the ic plate, the fcbga baseboard market is large and its most important and high-end applications are used mainly in cpu, gpu, high-end servers, asic, fpga, and adas. The main suppliers of the global fcbga are Japanese Xiaofa, Xing Electric, Thermostat, South Asia, Samsung Electric, Dae-Gon, etc., all of which are Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China, etc.
By product category, in 2022, the top five global bt loaders were lginnotek (14.2 per cent), Samsung Electric (11.9 per cent), Sinthai Electronics (10.3 per cent), Shinyo Technology (9.5 per cent) and Hining Electronics (7.7 per cent); the top five plants in the world abf were ecstatic (26.6 per cent), iofa (14.6 per cent), South Asian circuits (13.5 per cent), new light electrical (12.8 per cent) and at&s (8.0 per cent).
Figure 20: Global bt and abf board competition patterns. China has a low share of intra-continent capital producers. The late start of the capitalic envelopes in mainland China, coupled with the relative weakness of the domestic semiconductor industrial chain in terms of key raw materials, high-end equipment, etc., has led to the overall technological level, process capabilities, etc.
According to the Taiwan Board Association of China, Taiwan, Korea, and Japan have more than 90% of the total production of the ICPFs. Of these, Taiwan, China, has the largest ICPF supplier in the world, accounting for about 38.3% of the total; and China’s mainland autonomous brand, the ICLBs, account for about 90% of the total.
(ii) Inner-sourced envelope boards, which helped to increase national productivity in the wave of development of the ai company produces a wide variety of products. With its strong competitive advantage in high-density, multilayered pcb development and production, the company began research and development in 2008 and successfully applied in 2009 to become a major national science and technology-specific product.
There is a clear pre-emptive advantage in this area in the lead unit of the Foundation Project in Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Equipment and Packages. The company has developed the technology and process of producing the enveloped sheet with autonomous intellectual property rights, has established an operating system in the field of adaptation to integrated circuits, and has become a qualified supplier for all-ball-lead sealers, with a leading competitive advantage in the market in part of the segment.
Class envelopes, storage envelopes, application processor chip envelopes, etc., mainly for mobile smart terminals, server/storage. Currently, companies have developed an autonomous intellectual property coatings production technology and processes with full-covered volume capacity of bt envelopes in the form of wb, fc envelopes, covering manufacturers of semiconductor vertical integration, semiconductor designers, and containment plants.
For fc-bga enveloped base plate products, the company has achieved some of the production through continuous technological research and development in recent years. The company's enveloped base plate revenue was more affected by the semiconductor cycle. Between 2017 and 2023, the compound rate of the company's enveloped base plate was 25.05%, of which 56.35% in 2021, driven mainly by the continued high global semiconductor cycle climate during the year.
In 2023, the company lost 8.47% of the same income from the envelope, mainly due to a weak semiconductor landscape. One of the projects was the semiconductor’s high-end, high-secret plate product manufacturing project; the board of directors of the 2021 company adopted a resolution to invest $6 billion in the construction of the Guangzhou seal production base; and in 2022, the company raised a net amount of $2,530 million through a non-public increase, one of which was a high project.
The company is the largest firm in China. In 2022, some $571 million (equivalent to approximately RMB 3,977 million) was produced by the firm in China, accounting for about 3.2 per cent of the total production of the global package in China.
The bt covers the base plate, which is about 7% of the production value of the global bt covers, and the abf covers, which are used in high-end logical chips, have not yet developed a large-scale industrial capability. In the mainland, the deep-south circuit generated $2.52 billion in 2022, while the total revenue of the home-owned firm covers 63.36%.
Figure 25: Substitution and competition patterns for imports of base plate for mainland China, 2022. Global semiconductor sales are expected to increase by 11.80% in 2024. After the 2022-2023 stock cycle, there are now signs of recovery of demand in the semiconductor industry, mainly aigc waves driven by chhatgpt, and pc, smartphones.
The global semiconductor market grew by 44.8% annually, compared to 2023; the logical chip market is expected to grow by 9.6%, and the image sensor market is expected to grow by 1.7%. The US technical blockade on China has pushed the country to national production.
In August 2023, the U.S. restricted the range of gpu-lists produced by the U.S. and the U.S. companies, and the U.S. government has issued policy documents to support the development of domestic computing infrastructure, against the background of this wave of development and the US technical blockade on China.
The deep south circuit, as the largest-sourced anchorage supplier in mainland China, has a higher level of revenue associated with downstream semiconductor gas cycles. Wsts expects global semiconductor sales to grow by 13.1% in 2024, and storage market sales by 44.8% in 2024.
At the same time, the U.S. technical blockade on China will accelerate the nationalization of the relevant link, providing opportunities for the development of the company’s fc-bga envelope.
1. Printed circuit boards: The company’s down-stream income from printing circuit boards was initially derived mainly from the telecommunications sector, and the telecommunications operator’s capital expenditure was highly correlated. As the company expands its customers in areas such as data centres, automobile electronics, etc., the company’s down-stream income structure for printing circuit boards is gradually being balanced across the application domains.
2. Encapsulation panels: The company ' s enveloped panels are divided into modules, storage and application processors, mainly in the areas of mobile intelligence end-end, server/storage. In 2024, the global semiconductor cycle revived the company ' s requirements for storage panels, while the company ' s investment in the construction of non-Six 2 base plate plants continued to boost capacity and yield uphills, and the company ' s storage is expected to grow substantially.
3. Electronic assembly: The company ' s electronic assembly products can be classified as pcba, functional modules, whole-office products/systems, etc., depending on the form of the product, with operations focused mainly on communications, data centres, medical electronics, automobile electronics, etc. We expect that the company ' s electronic assembly operations will reach a maximum value of 80.33 times in 2020, with a 5-g-led pcb volume increase, etc.
As of now, the company has 32.62 times as much of the company’s downstream applications as it does. Given the warming of downstream demand in the pcb industry and the future growth of the company’s enveloped base plate business, it is expected that there is still room for improvement in the company’s valuation.
The South Seal Board business is in the lead in the country, with a comparable share of the company, HensenTech, a comparison between the two companies, where the deep south circuit valuation pcb industry has recovered less than expected, where the pattern of competition increases risk and the risk of clients certifying less than expected. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.