Re-innovation of performance, continuing high demand for communication boards, 2024 Annual Report Review, Xinjiang (002463.sz)
In 2024, the company achieved a revenue of $13,342 million, driving the recovery of the pcb industry as a whole and re-innovation of the company ' s performance. The company benefited from increased capital spending by the global head cloud service provider to deploy the i data centre, the i server and the high-speed network equipment.
Of that amount, 40.2 per cent was higher than 18 floors of multi-layered product, 433 million yuan was higher than the same year, 51.64 per cent more than the same quarter, 739 million yuan net profit from the same period, 32.07 per cent more than the previous year.
The overall success rate has remained relatively stable in the context of a better share. The business communications board’s Māori rate has risen, and the one-driven network infrastructure upgrade has led to an increase in pcb output.
In 2024, the company ' s corporate telecommunications board generated $10,93 million, an increase of 71.94 per cent over the same period, and the Māori product grew exponentially; in the second half of 2024, high-speed network switches and their accompanying circuits became the fastest-growing segment of the company, with rings growing by more than 90 per cent.
i Servers and hpc-related products represent 29.48%; high-speed network switches and their accompanying routers account for 38.56%.ai and high-speed network infrastructure require higher data processing and transmission speeds, prompting pcb to move in the direction of high complexity, high energy, higher level and hdi, thus raising the value of movable property.
In the reporting period, the company's re-engineering and construction of a factory in Thailand cost 2,447 million yuan, and in Thailand it is expected that the growth of the business will be accelerated by a robust growth of the carboard. In 2024, the company's car board generated 2,408 million yuan, an increase of 11.61 per cent compared to 11.61 per cent, subject to price competition, fluctuations in raw materials prices, and a victory.
The Māori rate has fallen by 1.20 pcts to 24.45 per cent from the same time. The millimetre waves, the use of hdi autopilot aids, and the continued growth of the market for products such as smart space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, etc., have increased from 25.96 per cent of the company ' s automobile board ' s operating income in 2023.
37.68 per cent Automotive motorization, intelligence and network connectivity are the main driving forces behind the market for car pcb, which has accelerated since the beginning of the year; a new generation of pure electric technology has been released by head car companies; the platform uses the world's first vehicle-wide high voltage structure, with full upgrades of batteries, power plants, power controls, etc.
As of 1000 v, it is expected to drive an accelerated growth in demand in the car field pcb. Investment proposals: the company uses medium- and high-end corporate communication boards, motor panels as its core product, ai and motor power, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Oceanic Securities, National Credit and Beijing Trust. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.