(002463) Year 2024: High-speed switch pcb showing brightness, 27/03/2025
Eye, focus on the release rhythm of production in and out of the country, the research assistant's loss in 2024, and the share of exchange-related revenue in the corporate newsletter pcb is bright.
The annual beneficiary's need for an industrial intelligence and high-speed network infrastructure is strong, the corporate communications market is now generating $10.93 billion, or +71.94 per cent, and the corporate communications market board is 4.09 percentage points higher than Piti's, of which one server and Hpc-related pcb products account for approximately 29.48 per cent.
High-speed network switches and their accompanying pcb products account for approximately 38.56% of the total. Automobile board surfaces, with operating income of 2,408 million yuan in 2024, +11.61% of the year, are influenced by price competitions, fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, and the fact that the board business has not yet been completely disrupted.
Firms have increased their investment capacity, and the expansion of their domestic production abroad has continued to show their confidence in development. Companies have increased their investment to potential and innovative areas, with a balance between short- and long-term benefits and long-term development.
On the one hand, companies are accelerating technological upgrading projects for production lines, upgrading bottlenecks and closing key processes over time and expanding target-oriented production capabilities, increasing production efficiency and flexibility, and adapting product and capacity structures to market demand trends. On the other hand, they need to meet medium- and long-term market needs.
For its part, the company has accelerated the construction of a new high-end printed circuit board extension project for artificial intelligence chips, and has phased in the expansion of production capacity to ensure that businesses will remain competitive in the dynamic environment of the future, laying a solid foundation for their continued development.
The Division mobilized the entire team to drive the base from trial production to mass production, with the aim of fully accelerating the opening of customer certification and product import, gradually releasing capacity, and further verifying China and China in the second quarter of 2025.
Review: Revenue profitability performance, a wave of high-end production capacity, laying the foundation for a gradual upgrading of product ladders and competition for future markets for enhanced corporate performance.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: due to high-speed network switchboards and their accompanying routers pcb, " Quantium Power Shares (002463) " : mid-2024, i-server and hpc-related pcb demand is strong and the company ' s domestic and overseas production capacity is positive
Review: The benefits of the emerging computing scene have grown and the profitability of Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.