Annual Review of Xiaotian Power Shares: Leaning for a more positive layout, a re-enactment of the era, and Xingtian Power Shares (002463)
Events: On March 25, the company released its 2024 annual report, which enabled the company to achieve business income of $13,342 million, i.e., a period of high activity and a period of performance in gold. With the development of the i.a., the company’s servers and related activities in the ancillary network grew strongly.
Business communications market boards generated revenues of $10,093 million, yoy+71.94 per cent; Māori rate of 38.35 per cent, yoy+4.09pct. 2024h1 company ai server and Hpc-related pcb product grew at the same speed; 2024h2 high-speed network switchboards and their accompanying routeways of pcb
Of the revenues generated by the business communications market boards, i-server and hpc-related pcb products accounted for approximately 29.48 per cent; high-speed network switches and their accompanying routers accounted for approximately 38.56 per cent of the related pcb products.
On the other hand, Thailand’s production base is expected to fully accelerate the start of customer certification and product import in the second quarter of 2025, with a further gradual release of capacity.
So, the company is working with clients to develop computing platform products for the next generation of chip structures such as gpu and xpu; the npc/cpc switch for scaleup has also started bulk production and the Ether 112 gbps/lane box and frame switch for scaleeout has been bulked.
The 224gbps product is currently being developed with clients, and the npo/cpo architecture switch is continuously being developed with clients. We believe that large model training and reasoning models are constantly evolving, and that both sides of the cloud are expected to be able to use their calculations quickly and further upgrade as the “mother of industrial electronics”
The company is now technologically advanced, its clients are superior, its production capacity bottlenecks are constantly reduced, its growth dynamic is sufficient, and its performance is expected to grow up in the wave of the 'i' era. Active deep-farming cars are intelligent and electrodynamic, and their operations have increased steadily.
The overall business income was approximately 2,408 million yuan, an increase of approximately 11.61% over the same year, but the car board ' s Māori ratio was reduced by about 1.20 pct compared to the same year, due to competition, fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials, and the fact that the winning carboard business had not yet been completely reversed.
The market for new and emerging carboard products, such as autopilot aids and smart space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2pack, has continued to grow, and the share of corporate motorboard operating income has grown from the improved product structure of the company in 2023 and the improved management of the company ' s board, which is expected to grow rapidly.
At the heart of the chain, we look at the company's development prospects in this area and maintain a “buy risk factor” for the company: a development less than expected; risk of macroeconomic volatility; short-term stock price volatility; a strong engine power; and investment expansion.
Year-long growth basis Annual Report Mid-Annual Review 2024: Deep Beneficiary ai Server Release and Exchange Network Upgrade, 800g
It's a high-performance, one shows strong kinetic energy.
In Beijing, the sub-group of the Kim Dynasty Building No. 127 A, West Wumenxi Street, was joined in November 2022 to study optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc. In January 2025, the sub-group joined the Cadastre Electronics Group, which studied semiconductors, etc.
For servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc. Part is not, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.