24-year annual report on power consumption: ai server and switchpcb driver with a focus on high-end output generating incremental space
Events: 24-year-old company reports, generating business income of $13.342 billion over 24 years, a high demand for servers and switches, a record high performance of q4, a record high. 24-year total of 2404 quarter operating income of $4.331 billion, an increase of 51.64 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother.
739 million yuan, an increase of 32.07 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation of 740 million yuan, an increase of 39.45 per cent in the same year. For sub-product types, the structural demand for the printing of circuit boards is reflected in emerging computing scenarios such as corporate communication market boards/carboards/office and industrial equipment panels/facilators, artificial intelligence, and so on, and
The company’s balanced product layout, as well as the medium- and high-level products and volume technologies that have been under cultivation for many years, has been growing rapidly in the company’s ai server and switchboard pcbboard operations. Production capacity continues to expand, looking at high-end output release.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) High-end print circuit board extension project to produce high-level high-density interconnectivity layers to meet high-speed calculations total market value/flow (billion yuan)
The project will be implemented in two phases, with a total investment estimated at approximately RMB 4.3 billion, with a planned annual production of approximately 290,000 square metres of artificial smart chips accompanied by high-end printing of circuit boards, of which the first phase is planned to produce about 180,000 per year.
High-density top-m2 interconnection layers, the second stage of which is planned to produce approximately 110,000 m2 per year of high-density interconnectivity layers. < < High growth continues and product structure continues to be excellent. <
< < Performance continues to exceed expectations, 5g opens up future growth > > < < Deep Report on Power Shares: Men in the 5g Ages > - - 2019-06-17
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a signatory to the Pacific, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report; Pacific securities will not.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.