The company's research on information technology and technology hardware and equipment covered the first time ever by the i-age, which refined the management support for 90 million miles.
- New Emancipation (300502.sz) reported for the first time that the wave of the ai facilitated a significant increase in the demand for numeracy, that the front line of the domestic chain of benefits for the supplier of light modules was driven by new operations such as the generation of large models, that smart calculations erupted and that the deployment of ai arithmetic hardware continued to accelerate.
As a “inflation”-type benefit in the computing chain, the ai arithmetic cluster has an interconnectivity rate within the data centre, a total share capital (in millions): a continuous upscaling is required to drive a reduction in the speed of light modules over time; and a fat tree structure to achieve bandwidth.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The number of light modules has been increased; new structures such as lpo, cpo have been created to meet low-capacity, low-cost requirements.
In November 2023, Lightcounting predicted that the global market for light modules would grow at an average annual compound growth rate of 16% over the next five years, after a small decline of 6% in 2023. At the same time, the status of the national supplier of light-mode blocks has continued to rise.
The upgrading of suppliers from the top 10 to the top 10 to the top 7 to the top 10 to the bottom in 2022 will benefit fully from the expansion of the numeracy infrastructure driven by the ai. New and easy technology reserves are abundant, clients are rich, and efficient industries are in the forefront.
New Emancipation is a small group of companies in the country with mass delivery capacity of 100 g, 400g, and 800g light modules, hand-held high-speed spectrometer chips and lightware. On the specific product side, companies have successfully launched a single wave 200g light module product of 800 g, and a combination of 800 g and 400g light modules.
800g, 400g light module products based on silicon light solutions and 400gzr/zr+ related light module products, as well as 800g light module based on the ipo programme. Meanwhile, over a decade of developments, companies have deposited a significant amount of high-quality domestic and foreign customer resources, including cloud data centres, telecommunications equipment.
In terms of business efficiency, it is easier to optimize the process by increasing the automated rate.
Improved management, efficiency, profitability of products, and control over time costs by optimizing the information-based system, while maintaining high-intensity R & D, high-speed, new-structured (lpo) products continue to be visited by tourists.
As the high-speed light module project and the new plant capacity of Thailand are released, we believe that it will benefit fully from the industrial dividend resulting from the outbreak of a demand for ai hardware deployment. Central America’s trade dispute risk, market competition risk, exchange rate risk, operator’s and cloud company’s capital spending.
1 Farming in the field of light communications, with sustained increase in profitability, 1.1 Sustained focus on the high performance light module, leading industry suppliers, Sichuan Sichuan, a fully-owned subsidiary, was established in December of the same year and the share system reform was completed.
The business board was marketed, followed by the creation of a fully-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong's New Emancipation and the United States' New Emancipation of Overseas Markets, and the completion of a 100% stock cut on alpineoptoectronics in 2022.
The company achieved 100g light module delivery in 2016, 400g light module bulk delivery in 2019, and now has 800g light module delivery capacity, a small number of companies in the country that can achieve 800g high-speed light module bulk delivery.
As of the third quarter of 2023, Hwang Xiaoray held 7.39% of corporate shares, Hwang Xiaoray held 7.12% of shares, and the two parties shared 14.51% of shares through the Concerted Actors Agreement. New Lei Seung owned nine wholly-owned subsidiaries. In 2022, the company completed alpine.
Optoelectronics, whose shareholding is now 100 per cent directly and through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong, with a view to upgrading its research and development capacity in the silicon light module, the associated light module and the silicon photochip technology 1.3 industries, with over 30 years of experience in the core founding team in the field of light communication
The company’s core team has taken root for more than 30 years in related industries, such as optical electronics, light communications, etc., with a wealth of technical experience and a deep industrial background. Equity incentives provide a strong incentive for core employees to demonstrate long-term corporate confidence.
The annual Restricted Stock Incentives Plan was registered and actually awarded to 197 senior managers, middle management and core cadres, middle management and core cadres for a total of 15,743,000 restricted shares (the company released the Restrictive Stock Incentives 2024 (draft) on 3 January 2024, with the first planned award).
4 million shares for senior managers, middle-level managers and core cadres with no more than 146 members of type II restricted stocks, of which 3,387.7 million were awarded for the first time, representing 0.477 per cent of the total corporate equity at the time of the announcement of this draft incentive plan; 1.4 industry was in a good mood, with high profitability.
In 2018-2022, the company increased its operating income from $760 million by 131 per cent. The company continued to strengthen new technologies, research and development of new products and the expansion of applications and customers, and the sales earnings of products in the field of data continued to grow, thereby contributing to a high rate of growth in business earnings and net profits of mothers.
The point-to-point module income ratio has continued to rise, and the Maori rate has stabilized at a higher level. In 2019, the 5g construction week led to a high demand for the telecommunications sidelight module, and the data centre has been maintained at a historically high level since 2021, as downstream clients expand.
Figure 5: Share of products in the top five client structures of the company gradually improves and is less dependent on a single supplier. With regard to the client structure, the company is more dependent on the largest customer than it is at 27% per year. But as the client structure is optimized, the situation will be better.
In terms of supplier structure, the number of top clients is not more than 20 per cent, and the company does not have a greater dependency on one single supplier.
Companies attach great importance to R & D, and the number of personnel and fees as a proportion of total operating income continues to grow.
Two data centres enter a high-speed deployment period to drive the expansion of the light module market, with the 2.1 light module being the core instrument in the light transformation, which is more than 10 billion in size.
, the light-launching component, the light-receiving component that converts the light signal into a telecommunications signal, and the optic “optical” of the loop that transmits the light. At the launch end, the telecommunications enter from the electrical interface of the launch channel and, by orthopaedic and amplification of the signal, drive the internal chip of the light-launching group to a light signal, which is coupled with the fibre-optics, which transmits the light signal; at the receiving end, the light message is collected.
. The light module is located in the chain of the light communication industry, upstream of which are elements such as photochips, electrochips, holsters, etc., and downstream major.
In industrial chains, photochips, electrochips, structures, accessories, etc. together constitute the upper part of the light communication industry. The industry is characterized by optical devices, including light components and light modules, in which light devices are divided into source and non-source light devices, which consume a certain amount of energy in the system and achieve light-to-be.
. The industry assembles downstream into system equipment and ultimately applies to the telecommunications market, such as fibre-optic access, 4g/5g mobile communication networks, cloud computing, Internet vendor data centres, etc.
The value of the industrial chain is relatively concentrated, with the cost of the photochip rising in proportion to the speed of the light module. In the intermediate light module, the cost of the photochip is about 73%, and that of the circuit chip is about 18%. In the light device, the combined cost of the launch and light receiving components is about 80%. With the speed of the light module increasing, the cost of the photochip is about 80%.
Beginning in the second half of the year, demand in the telecommunications sector declined, mainly owing to the narrowing of the demand for the incremental cycle after the construction of 5g and higher levels of penetration of high-speed transmission terminals on the same side of the network. In 2023, the deployment requirements for the required hardware began to be released gradually with the development of the ai application. In two recent quarterly reports, Weida reported that it included light interconnections.
In November 2023, the global market for light modules was projected to decline slightly by 6% in 2023 and will be reconstructed by 16% annually over the next five years.
2.2ai arithmetic needs drive light module numbers, speeds, structural changes, landscape upwards. Downstream demand for light modules is divided mainly into telecommunications and digital connections. The demand ratio in digital fields continues to rise as a result of the speed of internal and external transmissions in artificial intelligence clusters driven by ai.
It has become the largest downstream application area in the light module market, with 57.2 per cent and 58.7 per cent of the total global market in China in 2022, respectively, in the field of telecommunications: the deployment of host network hardware has varied widely from home to country and access has reached a high level of penetration as the demand for computing hardware is driven by the future demand of the ai for deployment.
Networking: The 3-stage structure of the 5g base station will increase product rotation and demand for effectively pulling the light module. 5g reconfigure the bbu, rru and antennas of the 4g base station into three functional entities, aau, du and cu, compared to the 4g two-stage base structure, and form the 3-stage structure of the forward, repeater and repeater.
The secondary structure of the base station adds a layer of transmission links, increasing the number of light ports and increasing the demand for light modules. In addition, in order to meet the key technical indicators of the 5g network high speed and low-time delay, the light port rate between the light transmission nodes at each level is significantly higher, with the medium-returned port rate going up to 200 g and 400g, respectively.
Figure 19: Three-tier structure of 5g base station: Table 4: Light Module Programme for Forward, Central and Returned 5g base station construction in mid-to-late stages, but still has much room overseas, and 5.5g supports a certain degree of resilience in capital spending.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the number of new 5-g base stations built in the country has been rising year by year, and by the end of November 2023, the country ' s 5-g base station has accumulated 3.282 million. As of the third quarter of 2023, China ' s total 5-g base station accounted for more than 60% of the world ' s total.
There is still much room for overseas deployment of 5g base stations.
Other areas: Access: The fibre-optic access market continues to expand and has reached a high level of penetration. Domestic fibre-optic access, as a basic network project for a new round of national economic development, has grown rapidly in recent years and penetration rates have increased.
Ministry of Chemicals data, by the third quarter of 2023, had 1,092 million fibre-optic access ports, or 24.6%, with an annual increase in penetration rates. Globally, Omdia data show that in 2022, 10gpon ports accounted for 73% of the global total of ltpon ports.
Figure 22: Increased permeability of fibre-optic access
General data centre traffic transmission by traditional cloud producers is divided into three main categories: internal interconnection, external interconnection and interconnectivity with users, based on Cisco's measurements: (1) data centre interconnectivity, mainly for the storage, production and excavation of information, 71.5 per cent; and (2) data centre interconnectivity, mainly for data replication, software and system upgrades
Levels, 13.6%; (3) data centres to users, such as viewing videos, browsing articles and e-mails, as the primary motivation for the upgrade of the optical module, the rapid growth of cloud computing and data transmission, which drives the need for and upgrading of data centres. As new technologies such as cloud computing, big data, object networking and artificial intelligence are applied to the ground.
Global data flows are increasing exponentially. According to data from research institutes at pxr, Italy, the global data volume is expected to increase significantly from 33zb in 2018 to 181 zb in 2025, with a figure of 27.52%. The data from China is also increasing from year to year. According to data from the latest release of idc, globaldastasphere 2023, China's data metrics
The model will grow from 23.88zb in 2022 to 76.60zb in 2027, with a capr reaching 26.25%, the world’s first, while the world’s mega-data centres are also growing at a high rate. In addition to the currently known 314 new mega-data centres, the number of mega-data centres operated by large operators in the next three years
The number of mega-data centres worldwide will grow year by year, figure 25: global data levels will grow year by year.
Driver I: Policies drive the speed of data transmission and demand for light modules increases Policy holds up to protect the development of light communication industries. October 2023, to promote the high quality and quantity of numeracy infrastructure and maximize the impact of numeracy on the digital economy, Ministry of Industry and Informationization, Central Networking, Education
The Ministry, the National Health Council, the People's Bank of China and the six departments of the State Finance Committee of the State Council have recently jointly issued an Action Plan for the Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructures (hereinafter referred to as the Action Plan), which, taking into account the current state and trends of therithmetic infrastructure industry, makes it clear that “multiple supply is available to optimize layouts; demand is drawn up to enhance empowerment; and innovation is driven by a convergence of efforts;
The basic principle of “green low carbon, safe and reliable” has been set out as the main development goal by 2025. In this context, in terms of capacity, the national hub data centre cluster has basically achieved a direct network transfer of up to one and a half times the theoretical time delay.
40 per cent use of innovative technologies such as ipv6 and srv6; Driver two: artificial intelligence cluster upgrades driven by a wave of ai, represented by chhatgpt, and high demand for light modules.
The data centre topping structure has shifted from a traditional three-storey structure to a foliage structure, with a faster contraction than a faster contraction. The traditional three-storey structure was designed primarily for North-South flows, but the data centre's east-west flow has increased significantly as the mobile Internet flourishes. On the one hand, data centre traffic has changed dramatically as a result of virtual machines; on the other hand,
The uplinks of the network-plating structure under the stp protocol were blocked, resulting in a waste of bandwidth, while the traditional three-storey structure not only wasted core exchange resources, but also potentially delayed user response time when transferring traffic to East and West, due to the need to recalibrate when changes occur and to be prone to malfunctions affecting the network as a whole.
It's too long to be able to meet the high-speed interconnectivity requirements within the data centre. The spinal ridge is born with a leaf exchange that directly connects the terminal, the server and the spinal switch to the core exchange and the leaf exchange. This flattening design not only reduces delays, increases expansion, and distributes equally.
Loaded, fibre-optic interfaces increased and demand for optical modules increased significantly.
Upgrade two: The increase in traffic traffic traffic and speed demand drives a reduction in the intergenerationalization of the light module, and, with the advent of chhatgpt and the rapid development of ai-related applications, the demand for arithmetic is growing at a very high rate, with a higher demand for ingestion in the data. In order to achieve a higher transmission rate to match rising calculations,
Speed demand, light module intergenerational 100g to 400g in excess of three years, and 800g to 1.6t intergenerational is expected to be reduced to zero.
And it's an important upgrade. According to Cisco, over the past 12 years, the data centre's network-exchange belt has increased 80 times, and the cost is about eight times more chip-to-chip power, 26 times more light module power, and 25 times more chip-serdes power.
Structural optimization is one of the important downscaling directions of the light module, with cpo, lpo, and titanium diaphragm phosphate as important pathways. As the ultimate goal of achieving the “light interconnection”, silicon light technology combines optical devices and electronic components of the module into a single microchip that integrates light processing with telecom processing depths and ultimately achieves real meaning.
On this basis, the cpo (photonic co-encapsulation) serves as an intermediate station on the silicon path, shortening the distance by encapsulating the light engine and the swap chip, allowing the telecom to transmit faster, improve efficiency, reduce size and reduce power consumption. The lpo (linear-driven plug-in module) is replaced by linear straight-drive technology.
To replace traditional dsps, to achieve the advantage of system decomposition, delay, and low cost. But its transmission distance is sacrificed and applies to short-range transmission sites such as data centres. With regard to titanium membrane, as ion cutting and micromega-guided etching techniques mature, the integration of the membrane thiomeric merifier has been enhanced and the merator has been miniaturized.
According to macom, the 800g multi-mode module with dsp functions can be used more than 13w, while the 800g multimode module with macompuredrive technology is used less than 4w: while the dsp chip is about 20-40% of the cost of bom, the corresponding lpo also leads to a reduction in the cost of the component.
2.3 The relative concentration of the light module, influenced by downstream demand, the high-end market concentration of the participants, and the major share of domestic suppliers, has been marked in recent years by a gradual increase in the share of the global light module market in terms of technology, costs, markets, operations, etc.
According to the Lightcounting statistics, in 2022, middle-to-end, China, Haesin broadband, quick-switch technology, new euphoria, Chinese industry, and Thorsi Light Power (to be held by the All-China Development Control Unit) entered the top 10 module manufacturers worldwide. The future will continue with the construction of 5g, data centres, etc., and 800g high speeds.
The gradual release of light modules is expected to lead to a further increase in our share of the market for light-module manufacturers. With the explosion of ari-driven computing demand, the market for light-based modules shows an overall trend of increasing numbers, acceleration, power depletion, low costs, and higher demands on suppliers’ technical skills and supply capacity.
The higher barriers posed by the concentration of downstream demand in the point area, the relatively long validation cycle and the stock of customer resources of individual light module suppliers: Technical barriers: new structures such as cpo and lpo against light as the speed of light modules is reduced intergenerationally, power demands are increased
In the case of cpo, which is more intrudable than traditional, cpo combines the switch chip and the light engine on the same socketed (plug) to form a co-envelopement of the chip and the module, which improves efficiency and reduces power consumption by shortening distance. To achieve the co-envelry of the switch chip and the light engine, the photochip is designed to achieve a co-envelopement of the switch chip and the light engine.
The overall technical difficulty of the cpo light module has increased considerably.
Figure 34: Traditional plug-in structures Capacity barriers: downstream customers have tested the capacity of suppliers to carry on, and scale effects are an important way to achieve low prices. Cost control is an important factor in the market for light-module manufacturers, and scale-to-light production is an important factor.
The lower cost of products is significant, and the Chamber of Commerce of Light Modules, which lacks competitive price advantages, is being phased out from the market. The data centres, the 5g base station, etc., are being upgraded quickly, and are more sensitive to the price of light module products.
For new entrants, it is difficult to obtain a large number of orders in a short period of time, creating economies of scale and thereby creating barriers to economies of scale. Client size: customer certification cycles are long and continue to be a supplier’s choice.
Client groups are predominant, client groups are more stable, and the quality and branding of light module products are more demanding.
Quality stability, consistency, individualization of supplier skills, production capacity, etc., are more stringent, and certification and introduction of products require long-term market certification. New entrants therefore face a certain amount of high-quality customer-qualified supplier barriers.
In addition, the United States and the European Union region are priority demand markets for light module products, which are electronic products, which require e-certification, cb certification, rohs certification, weee certification, etc., to enter the United States market, fda access, fcc certification, ul certification, etc.
Quality requirements, input costs for certification, and a certain market access certification cycle, certification of new entrants 3 Core competition for technology reserves, efficient operation and expansion of profitability 3.1 technology reserves are sufficient and competitive advantages are continuously increasing
It is a small number of companies in the country with mass delivery capacity for 100 g, 400g and 800g light modules with high-speed, photo-chip and photo-fibre envelopes. As of mid-2023, companies have made several breakthroughs in new research and development projects on new products related to high-speed light modules, silicon, dry light modules, 800 glpo modules, etc.
With respect to specific products, the company has successfully rolled out a single wave 200g module product of 800 g, while a combination of 800g and 400g modules has covered 800g based on silicon light solutions, 400g light module products and 400gzr/zr+ trunking module products, as well as ipo-based ones.
800g light module for the case. OSfp200g series of light module meets the latest requirements for OSfpmsa, solidware support for the csis data centre, 200g
Osfp200g supernets, cloud computing networks, etc. transport interfaces, which meet requirements such as ultra-low power consumption networks.
qsfp56pam4200g series light module meets the latest requirements of qsfp561sa, solids support cmis 4.0 or update, support sr4, fr4 and lr4 transmission interface use data centre, 200g
pam4 channel pam4 of pam4200g x50g for 200g transmission, interface support 200gaui-4 for hypernetic, cloud computing networks, etc.
cfp2pam4200glr/er series light module meets the latest requirements of cfp2isa with 200g Ethernet and 5g cfp2pam4200g
Support 212.5 gbps10km/40km200g Ethernet, 5g echoed network data transfer should be used for digital diagnostic functions via md10 interfaces. 100 gqsfp 28 light module meets the latest requirements of qsfp28sa
Data centre, 100g with qsfp28single dr, fr, lr, er transfer data centre, 100g Ethernet, 5g optional
Cwdm and dwdm wavelengths, covering two-fibre applications, one-fibre and transmission and echo networks
qsfp28/qsfp+ series meets the latest requirements of qsfp28/qsfp+msa to support data centres, 100g with qsfp28/qsfp
100g/40gsr4, lr4, er4, data centre, 100g Ethernet, telecommunicationsr4 and transmission interfaces such as e-net, telecommunications network cwdm4, 4wdm4-10, 4wdm-20 and network 1wdm-40.
100gotn and Ether cfp/cfp2/cfp4 modules meet cfp/cfp2/cfp4msa requirements, respectively, supporting the cfpx series
The core transmission network of the backbone of the net should be otu44i19d1f/4l1-9c1f and 100gbase-lr4/er4 application 50gpam4sfp28lr/erlight module meeting the requirements of qsfp281sa, supporting 10km,
qsfp28 50g in the Ethernet 5g, 40km transmission application, which supports the Ethernet 5g in the Ethernet application of two fibres and two fibres
Pam450g Web application in fibre-optic interface form.
50gpam4sfp56sr, lr, erlight module meets msa and eee standard requirements. Data centre, 50g Ether support 100 m, 10 km, 40m data centre, 50g Ethernet, 5g forward transmission application,
Networks, 5g forward and centering can support applications such as fibre-optic interfaces and intermediate networks. sfp28 light modules meet the sfp28msa requirements and cover commercial and industrial temperature levels.
5g forward, 25g to too wide to support single- and two-fibre transmission mode lc interfaces, covering two types of fibre- and two-fibre webs, 32g fibre-optic channels, etc.
Sdh/sonet telecommunications network, xfp is a light module that supports a megabyte application, supports the sc and lc interfaces, including the Ethernet, fibre-optic channel,
A single- and two-optic application scenario. Sdh/sonet telecommunications network, sfp+/sfp series are mini-plugable modules that support the sc and lc interfaces and cover
Sfp+/sfp series Ethernet, fibre-optic channel, one-fibre and two-fibre applications.
Covers xfp, sfp+, sfp, sffff4 mainstream envelopes 1g/10gpon is a structure that supports asymmetric or symmetrical network transmission, supports
Sc, lc and tail interfaces, pon, ftx networks, etc., covering two types of single- and two-optic applications. 3.2 Fine-tuning contributes to efficiency gains and continues to optimize profitability
New Leisure achieves continuous improvements in business efficiency and profitability through continuous refinement of management. Continues to promote process optimization and streamlined management, improving automation and continuous improvement of process processes and overall production efficiency through process design upgrades and improvements, operating standards of time and materials.
Continuous improvement of internal operational efficiency through such means as standard quantity setting, design upgrades of tools and tools, production planning and control, business process improvement, and “balanced production lines, standardized operations” to allow companies to respond flexibly to production efficiency management of multiple varieties, small batches, short delivery periods, reduction of stocks, reduction of production cycles, reduction of costs, assurance of quality, etc.
In terms of specific financial performance, the company’s cost of sales, management and financial costs have remained low, and the three-fee rate has gradually been reduced from 5% in 2019 to 1% in 2022, with significant regulatory effects.
On the other hand, since 2019, through the development of the data centre high-speed light module, 5g-related light module products in the telecommunications market, the expansion of new areas and new customers, the combined Māori rate and net interest rate of the company were raised to 34.72 per cent in 2019, the operating income end, with a small drop in downstream demand in 2023, but the deployment of the ai hardware will continue to accelerate and push.
(a) Moving corporate performance back on track: Telecommunications market demand is relatively stable and future commercial deployments of 5.5g will support telecommunications market demand;
Large-scale investments led to a more pronounced slowdown and downturn in the first half of 2023. But overall, the large-scale over-expected demand release of the one data centre led to the release of orders for 400 g/800g of various light modules, which would not yet be a central driver of corporate performance growth.
At the end of the Māori ratio, as the share of high-speed light module products continues to rise, we expect companies to be leading industry suppliers of light modules in 2024, with some similarities between downstream customers and middle-class glimmers, product mixes and speed technology, and United Nations technology. Given the higher profile of the industry as a whole,
The climate, coupled with the technological strength and efficiency of firms, is at the forefront of the industry, with high-speed product volumes immediately covered, for the first time, giving an “uptake” rating. Frictions in international trade and changes in trade policies and political uncertainties may affect the process of global economic development, and
Further negative impact on corporate sales with high overseas revenues or high imports of raw materials. With the rapid push to build 5g and the rapid development of the data centre market, good opportunities have been created for industry to develop, while increasing competition with industry light module manufacturers, which may face markets if not properly responded to.
Companies’ import purchases and export sales operations are affected by exchange rate movements. Companies continuously monitor foreign currency transactions and the size of foreign currency holdings and liabilities in order to minimize exposure to foreign exchange risks.
The capital costs of operators and cloud producers fall short of expectations: The demand for related hardware originates mainly from domestic and international cloud producers.
A slow pace of market development in the area of adjustment and downstream applications, and a reduction in the investment plans of communications operators and cloud producers, can lead to a decline in the profitability of the companies concerned. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, are motivated by a diligent and professional attitude and are independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.