The company announced that the company and Zhejiang Jiali, Sichuan Fordona Motors and Parts Company, the owner of the company, Dongdong,
Pang Hongmei signed the Transfer of Equity Agreement, which proposes to purchase 100% of the shares of the two companies in cash at $642 million.
The label companies are Zhejiang Jili (a new company after Zhejiang Fodonna's removal from non-car business) and Sichuan Fodonna, both high-strength steel chassis suppliers, whose main product is a semi-independent, stand-alone system.
For more than 20 years, the target department has extensive manufacturing experience and extensive quality control capabilities and is competitive. The net profits of Zhejiang's domestic power in 2016 and 2017h1 are $2275.06/240.49 million, respectively.
The company itself is actively developing light-quantified aluminium alloy chassis, and the firm's high-strength steel chassis will be expanded.
There are product lines that provide customers with a richer choice of products, and a definite increase in the value of the bicycles of the supporting vehicles is expected. In addition, the rich products enhance the company’s competitive position in the chassis area, with a lower cost as a result of the scalding effect.
There is a high degree of certainty about the future growth of companies: the client side benefits from the global a-point order overseas, and the other side benefits from the rise of powerful and autonomous brands in the home country: the firm at the end actively promotes existing production.
The upgrading of the technology to increase the value of supporting bicycles and, on the other hand, to respond to the trend towards industrial intelligence, to accelerate the electronic layout of automobiles and open up wider space for company development.
Traditional shock relief, fast growth of interior services provide a high safety margin, looking at the company ' s light-quantified products and layouts, and rapid growth of automobile-related electronics after fixed landings, while looking forward to an outward extension of the M & As initiative.
2. "Topper Group (601689): Performance is largely in line with the expected electronic acceleration of approved additional cars.
Yu Haikun, Master of Business and Industry, University of Qinghua, has been an expert in automobiles for nearly eight years, and motor circulation and post-services. He was in charge of marketing in the North as head of a car brand, in charge of under-line development and brand promotion activities in a car electrician, and has two years of business experience in the post-car market, investment and research in car networking, car finance, new energy battery materials, power pegs and o2o automobile services.
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of work experience in large commercial car enterprises, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.