In recent days, we have conducted research on companies and exchanged information with corporate executives on business performance and development strategies.
(b) The lower net profit rate in the same year was mainly affected by the higher base of the previous period, and the decline in the ring was mainly affected by three seasons of environmental verification and higher prices of raw materials. During the environmental verification period, the COSA was sent to the field for processing.
On the one hand, the increase in processing fees and, on the other hand, the increase in freight and storage costs; and, on the other hand, the disruption of the production rhythm and efficiency of their own plants. Environmental verification effects were completely eliminated in October, and the company has now resumed processing from local plants.
The Unit is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of revenue and profit in the four quarters of the year, when sales in the automotive sector are well under way, compared with the trend of the 300-indicators.
The company has a high-quality client structure with strong, autonomous brands and front-line joint brands, with sales increasing at a much higher rate than should be done for products such as festivals, side racks, etc., and enhanced cooperation with upper-air autonomy (77 per cent of cumulative sales in January-October), which is now mainly supplied with suspended products, with the next year ' s cut-off Rx5 for electronic vacuum pump products.
2) Accompanied by a front-line joint venture brand, with a robust growth of global e2x and gem platform orders, and a decline in Ford sales, the company will continue to grow steadily as its share of supply increases.
The company follows the industry's trend towards precision calculator smart car executive end. The first product, the electronic vacuum pump, pre-packaged gas, Gilly, and Congtai customers, will grow rapidly in the future, with Rx5 versions 6 in 2018 and the Gem General Platform model in 2019; and the second product, smart brake system, technology.
The world is ahead of the world, with production expected in 2018, step-by-step first product, aid company moving to the smart driver, the executive giant.
>More doubling of production bases, gradually increasing productivity support performance North Lon (about 300 acres), Hangzhou Bay (about 500 acres) and Wuhan (about 200 acres), where the new North Lun base is expected to be operational in May next year.
Construction began in March, and with the start of the new production base, the company's productive capacity has expanded steadily and the enabling performance has increased.
Reprogramming and Meriting Performance, 2017.10.20 High-quality customer growth in traditional shock relief, interior packaging operations, looking at the layout and growth of the company ' s light-quantified products (control arm, turn-over, aluminium alloy sub-cars, etc.), and fast-growing automobile-related electronics operations after setting the ground
The Tupou Group (601689) 2017h1: Performance is slightly ahead of expectations of continued high growth certainty in the future, increased industry competition, lower sales of supporting clients and less progress on the new business layout than expected.
Yu Haikun, Master of Business and Industry, University of Qinghua, and an expert in automobiles, mobility and aftercare. He was in charge of marketing in the North as head of a car brand, in charge of under-line development and brand promotion activities in the country, and has two years of business experience in the post-car market, investment and research in car networking, car finance, new energy battery materials, power-filling stake and o2o automobile services.
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of work experience in large commercial car enterprises, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.