Topper Group (601689.sh)
The Tupou Group published its third quarterly report for 2017, which generated revenue of 3,540 million yuan from the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period, an increase of 34.89 per cent from the same year, and a net profit of 551 million yuan from shareholders in listed companies, an increase from the same year.
Three quarters of the year saw a decline in performance, with the rise in raw materials leading to a decline in Māori business income of $1,204 million in the third quarter of 2017, an increase of 25.77 per cent in the same year, net profit of $148 million, an increase of 8.03 per cent in the same year, down from a cumulative increase of about 20.5 hundred in the previous three quarters.
The three-quarter environmental inspections led to the suspension of some local suppliers in Zhejiang, and many of the foreign workers were not sent to Jiangsu and Jiangxi for processing, resulting in a significant increase in processing fees and freight charges.3 In the third quarter of 2016, single-season returns increased by 93.75 per cent, resulting in a larger base for the same period last year.
The bottom-down customers are deeply tied to the guild, the core logic of growth is clear, Gilly is the company's current top customer, the largest customer covering the company's products, and the car type is the core logic of the company's performance growth. At present, Gilly uses the company's product's single-car value.
Between 1800 and 4500 dollars, the company, after acquiring Fordona and the expansion of the layout product, could increase the value of the bicycle by $1,000-1500, with products covered by Jiri's Barry, Boeon, Ti Hao, Vision, and the collar, of which Ji Li's jacket was used mainly for engine suspension. In addition, the technology content of the company's shock absorbers was compared with the technology content of the company.
High. The autogroup ' s autonomous brands are based on a corporate-produced shock-resilient device, and the interior is mainly based on the promising vision of the ibs, which are looking forward to the success of the electronic vacuum pump in mainstream foreign car companies, and the electronic vacuum pump entering the autonomous brand market.
Prices are a key factor, and the price of electronic vacuum pumps is expected to fall further in the future as companies optimize their cost ends. This past three quarters, driven by gypsies and upper steam, electronic vacuum pumps have already begun to be pumped, and the company’s business atvp is going to grow rapidly.
The development prospects of ibs as a new automobile parts and components product are relatively certain, and there has been a precedent for Germany’s success. The company’s ibs product is expected to be produced in bulk by the end of 18 years, and is expected to be sold at about 55% below the current prices of Boibo ibs, and a clear price advantage will be the core engine of domestic production as an alternative to imports.
The company ' s ibs ecu is autonomous intellectual property, the code is developed by itself, and the specific algorithms are owned by the company itself, making the customer more sticky. 28 times the year, 23 times the year, 19 times the year.
The investment projects were not as fast as expected and the sale of spare parts was not as fast as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and is based on the author's professional understanding. This report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party's approval or approval.