Top Group (601689): Performance has slowed, and future developments are expected to increase significantly over the same period. The growth has slowed down. In the third quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $1,204 million, an increase of 25.77 per cent, and a net return of $164 million.
In the third quarter, corporate revenue and net profits have continued to grow, but it is worth noting that because of the larger base over the same period last year, the growth in the number of independent brands has increased by 5.77 per cent over the same period.
The growth in performance has slowed. The Māori rate for companies in the third quarter was 27.94 per cent, with a fall in the same ratio or a percentage of the costs associated with rising raw materials prices and environmental production restrictions, mainly due to increases in transportation, warehousing, etc.
A strong basis for growth in performance and future growth. Companies have a leading role in traditional master business in earthquake mitigation, soundproofing and light-quantified products, and in recent years have moved into common, Chrysler, Audi, Gilly, and so on with solid R & D capabilities.
There is a solid basis for sustained growth in the future performance of a well-known automobile manufacturer supply system, and stock price performance (the last year) has been accompanied by a positive deployment of a lightly quantified area of automobiles, signed with Biadi and Aqualan.
A light-quantized product supply and destination development agreement and a light-weight Tslamodels chalk setup supplier. In the near future, the company intends to acquire 100% of the company’s shares and 100% of Sichuan Fordona’s share in the new bid in Zhejiang, and further refine the chassis system.
In the field of smart driving, the company's strategic layout of the future autopilot system implements the ibs smart brakes system at the end of the chain, and is well advanced through the non-public distribution of shares and the fund-raising guarantee project. With the advent of the era of car intelligence,
The company’s plans for the future are to use car electronics as its primary business block to provide a strong impetus for the sustainable development of the company.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company’s operating income for 2017-2019
The growth base is strong, while the dynamic layout is lightly quantitatively intelligent, and the future is dynamic, and we maintain the company’s “prudentially recommended” investment rating. Joined the Department of Securities Research and Development in Hua Xing, the main research and tracking area: the mechanical industry.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.