The reported performance was in line with expectations, with high R & D investment maintained, three seasons, 27 August 2019 : in the first half of 2019, China’s communications generated business income of RMB 44.609 billion.
This represents an increase of 13.12 per cent. The net profit of the parent company is RMB 1,471 million, the income of the business grew on a year-on-year basis, and the profitability of the company increased gradually: in the first half of 2019, the rate of interest was 39.21 per cent, an increase of 8.97 pc over the same period the previous year. The net interest rate of the firm was RMB 2019h1.
4.09 per cent, an increase of 24.02 pc over the same period the previous year.
RMB 32,485 million in operating income from the network of operators of the company 2019h1, corresponding to the same increase 5g patent placement in the first camp, with self-researching of 7nm5g chips in the second half of the year: China’s booming trend.
The company will launch a third generation of self-researched 7nm5g chips in the second half of 2019, which will be used to boost 5g-building purchases with excellent performances.
Push 5g into low-cost, low-capacity, high-quality commercials and ensure product performance leadership and long-term smooth evolution.  Strengthened core 5g competitiveness, fully prepared for business: Middle Epidemic News uses 5g as a development core
5g technology leads, 5g commercial sailing strategy, multi-year sustained investment, continuous innovation with complete 5g end-to-end solutions 2019-06-17.
Capacity, in terms of core network, carrying, terminal and industry applications, is fully prepared for business. 3, Mid-Engine Communications (000063): Maintenance of R & D and market inputs, with 4g re-cultivation
and the continuing high growth in the construction cycle of 5g: market competition and the threat of new entrants: 5g formally commercially less than expected: shipping capital expenditure less than expected.
During the first half of 2019, China Communications realized operating income of RMB 44.609 billion, an increase of 13.12 per cent over the previous year, mainly due to the growth of operating networks, businesses and businesses over the same period of the previous year.
Net profits amounted to RMB 1,471 million, an increase of 118.80 per cent over the same period.Māori in mid-term communications was 39.21 per cent in the first half of 2019, an increase of 8.97 pc over the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of higher gross interest rates, higher revenues from the network of operators, government enterprises and consumer operations
Interest rates rose as a result of the increase in interest rates. The net interest rate for the company 2019h1 was 4.09%, an increase of 24.02 pc over the same period the previous year.
61.47%. The company focuses on priority projects, raising client satisfaction, and maintaining a stable market share and network pattern of 4g, while at the same time taking advantage of the opportunities for technological change through long-term technological accumulation and product competitiveness. The communications international market achieved revenue of RMB 17,187 million, or 38.53% of the company ' s operating income.
The strategy of globalization remains the same, with a sustained focus on the telecommunications operator market, a focus on high-quality core clients, a consolidation of the stock market base, a strengthening of 5g cooperation with mainstream operators, and a sustained intensification of the breakthroughs and layouts of core products.
This is due to the same increase in revenues from domestic and foreign fdd systems equipment and domestic and foreign light transmission products.
A reasonable change in the third fee, and a growing effort in research and development, 4025.75 million yuan in communications sales in 2019h1, representing a decrease of 14.88 per cent in the same year.
The share of operating income is 14.51%, an increase of 1.68 pc over the same period last year. Companies continue to increase their R & D efforts by 5g, adhere to autonomous R & D, adhere to technological innovation, strengthen strategic cooperation among high-end domestic and foreign operators, and ensure that the competitiveness of the 5g main product remains in the first bloc.
On August 22, the China Securities Supervisory Board issued an audit of the application for a non-public share share in the Chinese newsletter. The total amount of funds to be raised did not exceed 13 billion yuan, mainly for technological research and product development projects for the evolution of the 5g network.
Figure 7: Communications three charges, Figure 8: Communications R & D expenditures in China and China 5g patent placement in the first camp, with self-researching of 7nm5g chips to be launched in the second half of the year
In the first phase of the global 5-g patent distribution, China’s communications was the world’s leading technology research, standard-setting donor and participant. By the first half of 2019, companies had accumulated more than 74,000 patented assets, of which more than 36,000 were awarded worldwide.
The first 3gpp (third generation partnership plan) 5gsep (standard essential patent) was released to more than 1,400 families, with more than 8,000 proposals for international standards for 5g nr/nexgencore.
In the future, the company will continuously increase its 5g R & D investment, focusing heavily on the self-research of core devices and chips. The company will launch a third generation of 7nm5g self-research chips in the second half of 2019 to boost 5g in low-cost, low-power, high-quality commercials with excellent performances and to ensure product performance leadership and long-term smooth evolution.
To strengthen the core 5g competitiveness, and to be fully business-ready, the Epidemic Newsletter uses 5g as a core development strategy, with sustained investment over the years, continuous innovation, complete 5g end-to-end solutions capability, and comprehensive commercial readiness in core networks, carrying, terminal and industry applications.
Core network area, the central R&D Componcore supports 2g/3g/4g/5g and fixed access, 3gppr15sa and nsa, with a set-up, flexible introduction and a 40% reduction in investment costs. 5g carrying area, commercial readiness of the company ' s 5gflexhaul end-to-end product, start-of-scale deployment, completed
In the video business area, the company took the lead in proposing the hypervideo concept. With 5 g and I, it started a new era of extremely fast, very clear, very smart video business.
In terms of industry applications, the company constructs a network of fine sa/nsa+mec+ web slices as the core of technology for users, providing 5g cloudxr video industry application platforms, 5g robotai platforms, 5g industry application safety platforms, 5g industry safety platforms,
5g Industry Networking Platform, 5g High-Accurate Integration and Positioning Platforms, five capacity platform service vertical industries. Companies have developed 5g+ solution and successfully implemented more than 40 demonstration projects in nearly 20 industry areas, including industry, the Internet, large videos, car networking, media, energy, public safety, health, education, eco-environment, transport, etc.
The recent intensification of trade friction between China and the United States, with the potential impact of events in China; the heterogeneity of communications technology; the high level of competition in the market and the threat of new entrants; the under-expected formal commercialization of 5g; and the under-anticipated capital expenditure of operators.