Approval of approval of the proposed additional request, plus 5g for R & D and savings on the construction of 5g on 22 August 2019
Incident: On August 22, 2019, the China Securities Supervisory Board issued an audit of the application for the non-public distribution of shares in a stock by the China-China Communications Company Ltd.
The proposed fund-raising will not exceed $13 billion and will be used mainly for “Technology Research and Product Development Project for the 5g Network Evolution” — Identified Increased Finance for 5g R & D Plus: Emerging Technologies for the 5g Network Evolution
Research and product development projects include, inter alia, research and product development of cellular mobile communication network technologies, research and product development of core network technologies, research and product development of transmission and carrier network technologies, grid-fixing broadband technology research and product development, large data and network smart technology research and product development, etc.
In our view, this targeted increase will bring better financing and support for the development of 5g in China’s newsletter. The “market” is ready, and the leading 5g technological advantage will be an important move in the competition:
In the history of recycling mobile communications equipment, we find that the essence of competition lies in technology and the market, and the rapid rise of Chinese manufacturers during the 3g period, with high R & D costs, domestic incremental markets, and the gradual movement towards the world, when our equipment suppliers prevailed in R & D and the market, so that 5g technology
The 5g network is about to start at a peak and will directly benefit from operating capital expenditure as industry leader: Mid-Engine communications as equipment dealer leader, with outstanding innovation capacity, with a series of 5g leaders.
1. Mid-Engine Communications (000063), one of the only suppliers of the 5g end-to-end solution, recalling that during the 3g/4g period, growth was robust and the domestic market was large.
After one or two years of distribution, the capital expenditure of the operator has been gradually released, 5g technology is ahead of schedule, 5g business sails, and we believe that we are now on the eve of the peak of the network, and communications are generating 5g in savings.
Air 2019-06-17 Keeping the industry at the forefront will certainly take the lead in benefiting from industry development in 5g.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Surgery business back on track, doing business well, as the country's first R & D and market input, looking at 4g re-cultivation, 2nd major telecommunications equipment provider, fully benefiting from the operator's capital expenditure and enjoying a 5g dividend, we anticipate.
"and the continued high growth in the 5g build-up cycle, back on track all over again, with 4g solid performance, 5g wider growth space."
EXPERIENCE: Market competition, threat from new entrants: 5g formal business less than expected: shipping capital expense less than expected. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.