New unit depth study (in depth) Crystal Energy (688223.sh) old module head-on to performance point, back to the market and fly again.
Founded in 2006, the company became the world’s largest manufacturer of components in 2016, and for four years in a row was a large-scale production of a class-n-topcon battery, with the expectation that it would contribute significantly over-profit and boost the company’s market share. Go back to a market and significantly boost its financial strength, and help companies fly again.
Performance elasticity one: Fill the short battery output panels and consolidate the cost advantage of integration. The cost differentials in the integration components are mainly from silicon/cell fragments, and in the absence of any significant differences in the process, the cost of battery fragments is: self-help < outsiders > . In the last two years, there has been a gap in the company’s own battery capacity, leading to a weakening of the cost advantage.
Planning for the expansion of the company ' s battery capacity to 40gw by the end of 2022, the company ' s own increased battery capacity, performance elastic two: topcon is moving fast and differentiated products are expected to benefit from premium premiums.
It will reach 16.8gw, top industry, and will continue to lead the N-type technology, with the company ' s Topcon components expected to reach 5-10gw in 2022.
Achieving the same price as perc single-watt cost for initial investment in power plant construction will result in a more tangible price-for-money shock for investors (equivalent to an additional grant of single-w power generation gains). Based on the topcon scale-up production costs, Type N products are expected to generate over-per-cent profits for the company in excess of $0.05/w.
In the last three quarters, the company’s financial costs were 2.79 per cent and 2.88 per cent, respectively, significantly higher than the industry average, and after listing, short access to finance was filled, which is expected to increase the company’s profits. ipo raised 10 billion dollars, significantly improving the shortness of funding: ipo proposed to raise 6 billion yuan, of which ipo raised 6 billion yuan.
Four billion dollars is spent on the 7.5gw high-efficiency battery and 5gw high-efficiency battery assembly projects, and 500 million on the Heining Research and Development Centre project, which is replenished by 1.5 billion dollars in liquidity. The ipo actually released two billion shares of the new unit, the Division’s previous short-term funding, the speed of capacity-building, research and development inputs and market openings.
Risks of deterioration of the international trade environment; recurrent risks of global economic recovery as a result of the epidemic;
Risks of irrational expansion of production capacity; new technologies that are not as advanced as expected; and RMB exchange rate volatility risk.1 The old Phosphopic Integration Dragons returna to open a new chapter of growth 1.1 Corporate profile: vertical integration components of the global layout
▪ Crystal Energy Co. Ltd. was established in 2006 as an early-scale domestic enterprise engaged in photovoltaic technology development and the development and manufacture of photovoltaic products. In 2007, Crystal Energy Holdings was registered in the Cayman Islands and successfully listed in New York in 2010 (jks.n).
The company has now developed a vertically integrated business model covering silicon chips, batteries, assemblies, power stations.
The company started in the silicon sector, with the production of silicon and silicon in 2007 and 2008, respectively; autonomous solar cell production began in 2009; crystal energy became the world ' s largest in 2016; by the end of 2016, it had nine global production bases, 22 overseas subsidiaries, silicon, etc.
Batteries and component production capacity of 32.5gw, 24gw, 45gw, and strength of integrated production capacity Figure 4: Distribution of company slicing capacity by the end of 2021 (gw) Figure 5: Distribution of corporate battery capacity by the end of 2021 (gw)
Of that amount, $4 billion was spent on a 7.5gw high-efficiency battery and 5gw high-efficiency battery assembly project, which is expected to be built to supplement liquidity. Improvements in the company’s previous financial short-term, capacity-building, R & D inputs, and market opening speed.
1.2 Equity structure: Employees holding shares tied to core personnel  Direct shareholders in companies holding direct shares in crystal energy investment (Hong Kong) and 58.62 per cent direct share in the market; Shareholdings in the United States marketed main crystal energy holdings are controlling shareholders in the crystal energy investment (Hong Kong)
For example, 100%, indirectly holding 58.62% of the company’s shares, is the company’s indirect controlling shareholder. Before listing, the other 15 shareholders were mainly physical owners and management-controlled partnerships and external investors.
Enterprises. Crystal energy is mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of photovoltaic assemblies, batteries, silicon tablets, applications and industrialization of photovoltaic technology, while crystal science and technology are mainly involved in downstream power plant development, investment, and operations, mainly in photovoltaic power operations and power station epc operations.
▪ As of 28 December 2021, the company had two employee holding platforms, Ning Bong-hong and Jing-Yuan, respectively, holding shares of 0.345 per cent and 0.065 per cent of the company's shares, of which key executives and core technical staff, such as the Director of Finance, the Deputy General Manager, hold shares and are better equipped to bind the core staff.
Impacts such as higher prices for major raw materials such as upstream silicon, glass, partial company phase-out of production capacity (which resulted in a loss of solid assets disposal of up to $420 million), appreciation of the renminbi in the second half of 2020 (exchange losses, significant increases in the price of upstream raw materials such as silicon, battery, etc. in 2021, while increasing the cost of components in hand)
The company’s main business is solar photovoltaic components, and the vast majority of silicon and battery chips are sold out for the company’s own use. In 2020, the component’s revenue was 96.6%, and the silicon business received 96.6% of the revenue.
Income 1.3 per cent, battery business 0.6 per cent and main business 98.6 per cent
• Component  silicon  battery  2 other, head-to-head, integration, component entry barrier increase, head-to-head trend in component 2.1, scale barrier increase
As the photovoltaic industry has gradually increased its access to electricity on a global scale in recent years and has grown into a mature industry of hundreds of billions of yuan a year in the end market, components have, in a sense, become the highest barriers in the industrial chain.
The combination of capabilities, power generation efficiency, iterative speed, accumulation of research and development, etc., historical supply performance, financial health, global channel layout, business management capacity, among other factors, is reflected in the following:
Price access trends have emerged, large energy groups among component end-users have increased, and large energy groups have tended to choose large suppliers in order to safeguard product consistency and supply stability. In 2021, large overseas energy groups and head-assembly companies have increasingly entered into large orders.
For example: Crystal Dubai, 1000mw, Skyco Brazil 850mw order. Brand: head-assembly manufacturers receive high ratings based on combined capabilities, enhancing single-capability. Photovoltaic power stations operate for more than 20 years, allowing end-users/investors to continue to work with component enterprises.
Camp capabilities and financial soundness are more demanding, and large component suppliers are more likely to receive priority financing ratings, leading to increased monolithic and enhanced brand power. Products: component technology upgrades are faster, leading to a gap between head firms with product overlaps.
A few years of accelerated technology in batteries, components, multifasts, half pieces, welding, large silicons, N-type batteries, etc., lead product layouts that enable head enterprises to improve their ability to get a single ticket, and also to enjoy sales premiums for efficient products and higher profitability.
Channels: Markets and demand are becoming more fragmented, regional coverage, and overseas production and distribution determine firms' high volume and profitability. After a light-voltage price, end demand shows a “not bright west” trend, and head-to-head enterprise globalization, multi-application marketing strategies will increase their resilience.
Risky capacity, coupled with the layout of high overseas premium markets, will also result in excess profits for firms. As a result of early signing of overseas markets, overseas sales can reduce supply chain management pressures, keeping large-scale component suppliers at a high level of start-up and safeguarding relatively low production costs.
Supply chain: Headline management is more forward-looking and ensures reliability of supply. For the last two years, there have been significant price fluctuations in the chain of production, such as the 2020 glass and the 2021 silicon. In the face of uneven supply and demand and volatile prices, head companies can manage supply chains through forward-looking supply chain management.
For example, the supply of raw materials is guaranteed by signing a long list, establishing a joint venture with the upstream manufacturer, thereby guaranteeing the reliability of the supply of the components and increasing the city’s presence.
Figure 20: Financeability rankings for manufacturers of pv-tech components Figure 21: Financing ranking ratings and descriptions for manufacturers of pv-tech components Figure 22: Maori rates for various regional components of crystallography energy 2021h1
Figure 23: Revenue and Māori share of the transient energy component in crystallography Figure 24: Number of global sellers of mainstream component enterprises Figure 25: Number of countries covered by global distributors of mainstream component enterprises
2.2 Integration smooths the risk of profit fluctuations and reduces the cost of production The single component chain is permanently at low profitability levels.
The period has been at a low profit margin level, particularly in the case of large price fluctuations in the industrial chain over the past two years, where a single component is at a disadvantage in safeguarding procurement and passing cost pressures, and where the profit margin has been reduced to almost negative levels.
Figure 28: Change in profit distribution in the industrial chain (singlew Māori, yuan/w) Figure 29: Change in profit distribution in the industrial chain (māori rate)  Integration cost advantages are evident, with the supplier of the head component being an integrated enterprise.
Production costs can be saved by self-supply of silicon and battery tablets, smoothing the profit risks associated with fluctuations in profits in the industrial chain, increasing the controllability of component costs and enjoying a certain bargaining power in case of shortages of raw materials, and therefore leading component suppliers on the market are integrated enterprises.
▪ Rational configuration of integrated production can ensure high start rates for silicon, battery links, and further reduce costs. Components are lightly asset-dependent, flexible and have negligible cost implications, while silicon, battery, asset-based and high start-up rates affect non-silicon costs.
In industry, the rational planning of silicon and battery silicon production (generally 70-80 per cent) based on component capacity allows for a high start-up rate of self-contained silicone and battery links even during the low demand season, thereby saving non-silicon costs and increasing price competitiveness.
Figure 30: Performance utilization of the crystallized energy chain3; double-clicking on technological advantages and financing capabilities; integration components at the cutting-edge of performance; 3.1 performance elasticity of performance: replenishment of short cell block output panels; consolidation of integration cost advantages
The cost difference in the integration component is mainly derived from silicon/cell film. The cost of the component is made up of batteries and accessories, which are usually procured externally, and companies with an advantage in size are given a discount, but it is difficult to bridge the gap, so the cost difference among the components is largely determined by silicon/cell film.
Batteries are available through take-out, surrogate or self-supply, and in the absence of any apparent differences in the production process, the higher the self-supply ratio, the lower the cost of the components, and the impact of silicon rings on the cost of the components is the same as that of the battery.
In the last two years, there has been a capacity gap in the perc battery, and the cost advantage of integration has been reduced. With the company’s increased silicon production layout in 2019, single crystal silicone production expanded from 5.7gw in 2018 to 32.5gw in 2021, and silicon integration increased significantly.
Limited access to finance, with the significant expansion of silicons accompanied by a significant slowdown in the production of perc batteries, has led to a sustained increase in the capacity gap for batteries over the past two years, with battery integration rates well below peer averages.
In response, the company needs to procure a large number of component orders from the outside, further weakening the integration advantage. The company will be expected to drive the cost of the components faster and more profitable by refilling large-sized battery energy shorts when it returns a.
16gw, by which time the company's silicon and battery chain will be integrated at 90% and 80% respectively. Large-sized battery fragments are still relatively tight in 2022, and the company's own battery capacity will increase, hopefully Figure 31: The company will quickly complete the battery output shortboard (gw) when it is on the market
Figure 37 Integrated Component Enterprises: Silicon/Component Ratios Figure 38 Integrated Component Enterprises: Battery/Commodity Ratio: 3.2 Performance Flexible II: Topcon is moving fast and differentiated products are expected to enjoy premium
▪ Technology leads are expected to translate into excess profits for companies, with an emphasis on the impact of technological change on the long-term pattern of components. At present, P-type products are competitive among head firms, with a smaller market share gap, and much more so than the enterprise’s business strategy (channel sales, supply chain control capacity, etc.) in the future in PV batteries.
The depth and breadth of a company's technical layout from p-n to the dominant technology route may increase the diversity of components, and the elements of competition between the head integrated components will, to a certain extent, favour “product power” and eventually be reflected in the company's profitability (productivity).
In terms of price premiums, cost differentials, and changes in market shares, or the impact on industry patterns, dominant firms are expected to raise excess profits by leading technology layouts. The forward layout, N-topcon battery, converts efficiency champions.
Research and development investment in the N-type product has resulted in a number of updates to the world record on topcon battery efficiency. In October 2021, the company announced a 25.4% conversion efficiency for 182-sized N monocrystal topcon batteries, and then went to the top of the global list on conversion efficiency.
With an average conversion efficiency of 24.2 per cent at 0.8gw, the production rate is close to perc batteries and is in the forefront of the industry. In January 2022, the topcon battery project was put into production, taking advantage of the n-type market. At 0.8gw
The company's 16gwtopcon battery project was officially launched on 8 September, the equipment was delivered on 10 December, and an 8gw phase was launched on 4 January 2022, and it is expected that 2022q2 will be fully operational;
16.8gw, the size of the type n is the top industry. Figure 41: Company topcon battery production efficiency can be as high as 24.5%. Figure 42: Power-generation advantage of the tigerneon-topcon assembly
Figure 43: Launch of the 8gw high-efficiency n topcon battery on 4 January 2022,  Based on the capacity plan, it is expected that the output of the company ' s topcon component in 2022 will reach 5 to 10gw, and the efficient and differentiated positioning of the N product is expected to result in more than $0.05/w in excess units for the company.
Compared to the 70 per cent double-face rate of the traditional perc component, the company introduced the Tigerneo-type n-topcon component product in 2021 at a double-face rate of 85 per cent. According to the theoretical formula, under standard working conditions and average ground-based reflection conditions, the traditional perc component would generate electricity gains from the double-face rate
For 9.45 per cent, and for the Tigerneo component, 15 per cent of the double-face rate, the two-sided gain has been added to the original 72 double-faced and 60 single-sided perc/topcon components that we have selected for comparison, and the output power of the N component is higher than that of the traditional perc in the same area.
In other words, when the price premium is 0.07 - 0.12 yuan/w for the N-type versus the P-type component, the N-type component will be reduced to approximately 0.07 - 0.12 yuan/w.
By virtue of its efficiency advantages, the initial investment in power plant construction can be achieved at the same price as perc, and given the advantages of low-n-type technology temperature factors and low-decomposition power generation, it is expected that the same price of the initial construction costs will have a more intuitive price impact on investors (single w).
▪ Generally in the early stages of the diffusion of new technologies, firms tend to give the ferry portion of the profits to the downstream in exchange for market share, but because the advantage of the power-level costs of the n component is already equivalent to a “free gift”, we expect.
The extension period may be better than expected. Based on topcon-scale production costs estimates, model n production Figure 45: High-power and efficient components can reduce area-related bos costs 3.3 Performance elasticity three: financing channels open and financial costs are expected to decrease significantly
The company, as the largest grouping supplier in the world, had a clear advantage of scale and a significantly lower financial cost rate than the industry average before the arrival of its friends, such as Crystal and Skycoop. But after the successful listing of other component plants, the company had access to finance.
After listing, the capital structure will be optimized, financial costs reduced, and performance increased.
Figure 48: Comparison of the financial cost of head-assembly enterprises Figure 47: Comparison of the financial costs of head-assembly enterprises (millions of dollars)
Figure 49: Comparison of the asset-liability ratio of enterprises with their head component (millions of yuan) Figure 50: Corporate financial costs as a percentage of operating income
Trina, Jing Xuan, Lungi.
Profit forecasting and investment advice Delivery: A cash flow supplement to a return would provide a company with market opening and capacity expansion Māori ratio: the cost of component production is expected to decrease further as the company becomes more integrated.
At the same time, the increase in the share of N-type products will also lead to a steady recovery in the single-watt profits of the company ' s components.
At the same time, when we go back, the company will be able to increase its capacity for integrated production by providing access to financing, and grow up by choosing Lungi shares, Crystal Australasia, Trina Light as a comparable company, with an average value of 38 times that of a company in 2022, taking into account the edge of crystal energy on a battery of n and the possibility of new technologies.
The excess profits that are brought to the company can be valued as a premium. We give the company 2022e the risk of a deterioration in the international trade environment: as the share of light in the energy structure of each country continues to rise, China, as a unique presence in the field of photovoltaic manufacturing, may still face even more severe exposure from other countries.
The epidemic has repeatedly created a lower than expected risk of global economic recovery: the negative impact of the epidemic on the demand for electricity and its increase is over-expected, leading to a significant reduction in photovoltaic costs and becoming the cheapest source of electricity.
But the engine power is still not sufficient to sustain the rapid growth of demand. The risk of irrational expansion of industrial capacity: in the context of a clear two-carbon target, the expansion of the photovoltaic sector has clearly accelerated, and signs of significant cross-border capital inflows have resurfaced, which could result in some segments of the process.
Risks of deteriorating competitive patterns and profitability at this stage. ▪ New technologies are not moving as fast as expected: company topcon batteries have just come into production, the product of the tigerneo component is still in the early stages of diffusion, and if market diffusion or the cost of new technologies is not as high as expected
• Risk of currency exchange fluctuations: more than 80% of the company’s income comes from overseas and, if there are large fluctuations in exchange rates, may result in higher exchange losses for the company, resulting in lower net profit performance than expected
Listing pricing: average price range at the date the stock is expected to be listed; Request price: price range declared by the person to whom the request is made.