Crystal Energy (688223.sh) The world's leading photovoltaic component, N-type mass production, which enhances competitive advantage, and the global leader in integrated components. The company was founded in 2006 and was first involved in the production and sale of photovoltaic silicon tablets.
Sold, starting in 2010, to gradually extend downstream, forming a single business layout for silicon, battery, and photovoltaic components of the components. The company has been in the forefront of the global market in recent years, ranking fourth in 2021. By the end of 2021, the company had silicon, battery, and assembly capacity, respectively.
The PVT route is being converted from p-type to n-type, and the PVC battery is more efficient than the current P-based technology perc battery, offering a premium. Crystal energy takes the lead in developing the n-topcon technology process and will be operational in mid-2022.
Topcon battery production base, coupled with the company’s original 24gwperc battery capacity, its own battery plate, its ability to raise finance on the market, and its advanced battery capacity to accelerate growth. The US stock market PV block, long-term, is $9.7 billion, providing sufficient financial security for the company’s expanding n-type technology-related integrated production capacity, and will be available in the future.
With the high profile of the photovoltaic industry, the integrated component traders are expected to rise in real terms. In 2021, the demand for photovoltaics was not fully released as a result of the surge in upstream silicon prices and the effects of overseas epidemics.
The installation is expected to reach 220gw, an increase of more than 35 per cent in the same year, while the concentration of integrated components has increased. On the profit side, with the new production of silicon falling into the ground, the price of silicon is expected to open down and the profitability of the integrated componentrs is expected to be repaired.
Profit forecasting and valuation: The company is the leading component in the world, with a combined advantage of technology, capacity, channels, brands, etc. The photovoltaic industry is expected to grow at a combined rate of more than 20% over the next three to five years, and the company is expected to produce and sell with the leading Topcon technology and capacity layout, and nearly $10 billion in financial security.
The new technology is being promoted at a slower pace than expected; new production is not expected; and the risk of outbreaks and trade frictions. Crystal energy was established in 2006 in Upper Ryo, Jiangxi Province, as the leading domestic sales company for photovoltaic components, and as a private enterprise.
In 2016, the company ' s components were the world ' s number one, and by 2019, the rankings fell to the world ' s second and fourth in 2020, but the company ' s capacity was close to the industry ' s second and third counterparts. By the end of 2021, the company was operating 12 productions worldwide.
Base, involving silicon chips, batteries, and components. On January 26, 2022, the company was listed on the venture board. The company had previously been listed in the United States stock market, with a lower rate of market earnings and a higher level of equity financing than its counterparts in a stock market.
Jks Energy Holdings Ltd. (Jks, listed at the New Exchange in May 2010) holds 100% of the company ' s shareholdings, which hold 58.62% of the company ' s shareholdings, and Jks ' main business and assets come from the company. Mr. Li, Mr. Chen and Mr. Li hold the jks table together.
18.16% (8.69%, 6.29% and 3.18%, respectively) of those who voted, three were acting together and were actually in control of jks. Of these, Li Xingde was associated with Li Xinghua, and Chen Qingping was the brother of Li Xingde's spouse.
In addition, the three co-financed the China-China Crystal Project 1 Project.
Mr. Li is also in control of a listed company, Crystal Technology (stock code 601778), in addition to Crystal Energy. Crystal Technology has no direct stake in Crystal Energy, which previously had a relatively low amount of related transactions.
Unaudited data from the Crystal Science and Technology Bulletin show that cumulative associated transactions between two companies amounted to $59.3 million in 2021 and accounted for less than 1.5 per cent of the projected operating income of Crystal Energy in 2021.
Prior to the project, the company had two employee holding platforms that indirectly held approximately 0.35 per cent of the company ' s equity through Quaker, involving 36 natural persons, 33 of whom were current employees of the company and 2 former employees of the company, who were currently employed in the associated Crystals Electric Technology Inc., and one who left the company in October 2021.
In the company ' s current ipo strategy sale, three employee equity management schemes (including the previously mentioned Founder ' s Investment Plan No. 1) were involved, totalling 1.6756 million shares, or 1.68 per cent of the company ' s total equity after issuance, involving more than 150 executives and the total number of employees.
The participants in the SMP are both corporate management and core cadres, highlighting the firm ' s faith in future development, helping to keep the firm ' s interests in line with those of its employees, enabling the staff to fully share in the company ' s development results, enhancing the stability and motivation of the core cadres, and helping the company to develop rapidly when it returns to a share.
Figure 4: Corporate stock-holding map of the company ' s workforce The company has evolved over the years to form an international, professional management team, the Chairman, Mr. Lee Sende, 47 years old, and the average senior manager, 42.3 years old, a team of young light-voltage veterans. The company ' s management and core cadres.
Long-term deep-farming photovoltaic industry with a deep understanding of its technological development, market trends and a strong forward-looking, judgmental and implementation capacity, with companies mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of solar photovoltaic components, battery fragments, silicon tablets and photovoltaic technology
Applications and industrialization, based on which high-quality, high-quality solar photovoltaic products are provided to global customers. Companies have built vertically integrated capacity from sticks/sharps, silicon production, battery production to photovoltaic components, and products are sold globally.
Figure 5: Photovoltaic industry chains and core manufacturing components of companies. Reviewing the past decade, companies have continued to expand in size, with output growing at a consistently higher rate than industry, with a capr of 53.1 per cent in the decade 2010-2020, which is significantly higher than the global 10 year capr 21.6 per cent of the world ' s additional aircraft.
The value of the industrial chain fluctuated significantly in 2021, and the profitability of the silicon chain was determined. In order to maintain a relatively stable performance, the company strategically reduced the output of its components in 2021, with a phased increase in the sales of silicon and a projected decline in the share of its component cities in 2021.
Figure 6: Global loading and shipment of corporate components (gw) swot analysis for the calendar year: company strategies are appropriate and have a certain level of technical excellence Overall development strategy: company mainly deals in the manufacture and sale of photovoltaic components, building one from silicon to component
In the future, the company will continue to expand the N-topcon battery, assembly capacity, while increasing its scale, and at the same time consolidate the product differentiation advantages of technological leadership, build global brand power, maintain a steady PV component flow. The PV chain has two types of competitors: integrated and specialized.
Given the fact that capital capacity, supply chain management capacity, and risk resistance are difficult for specialized producers to create a distinct barrier advantage at a dedicated point, we believe that integrated component suppliers will have a stronger competitive advantage in the future. Companies look to the global market, with products cumulatively sold to more than 160 countries, with less reliance on a single market.
On the technical side, the company is the leader of the n-topcon technology. With the n-substitution p era, the public sector’s technological card advantage can bring a certain technological premium. Table 3: Crystal energy swot analysis
Company-n-topcon technology and mass production lead.
Battery chain output is low, management teams have a great deal of industry experience, perc cell conversion rates are close to the bottleneck, n-to-p replacements, i.e.,
Market acceptance of topcon products requires fostering competition for other battery technology routes.
Returning to a share, the ability to finance has increased significantly, and expansion is likely to increase competition among top firms in the industry.
Through the swot analysis, we believe that the competitive edge of companies is clear and well-strategy.
As the environmental climate problems brought about by global warming have become more visible, the “carbon neutrality” has gained global visibility. At the general debate of the 75th session of the United Nations General Assembly, President Xi Jinping proposed that China's CO2 emissions should be reduced to less than 100% of the world's carbon dioxide emissions.
Towards a peak by 2030, and towards carbon neutrality by 2060. The share of global renewable energy generation will increase rapidly, triggering demand for new energy installed.
In the long term, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA) Net Zero Emissions 2050: A Road Map for Global Energy Sources, released in May 2021, the share of global renewable energy generation will rise significantly, from 7660 twh (29%) in 2020 to 22817 twh (61%) in 2030, and 62333 twh in 2050.
In order to replace the generation of conventional fossil fuels with new sources of energy, there is a need for a sustained and rapid expansion of the capacity of new power plants, which, according to the Chinese Association of Photovoltaic Industries, are estimated to be the fastest growing source of electricity.
210 gw-260gw and an average of 71 gw-88gw per year in the size of the domestic light-voltage aircraft are significantly higher than previously in the country: the Great Photovoltaic Base has developed in conjunction with the whole county/house market; the Great Photovoltile Base has opened its doors.
On 12 October 2021, President Xi Jinping attended the CBD Summit and delivered a keynote address: “A major effort was made to develop renewable sources of energy and to accelerate planning for the construction of large wind and light voltage bases in deserts, adjacent areas and desert areas. The first phase of the project, with a capacity of about 100 million kilowatts, was launched in an orderly manner in the near future.”
On 6 December, the National Energy Authority issued a report on the organization's proposed inclusion in the second tranche of the country's deserts, Gobis, and deserts.
The notification of the regional-focused large wind and light-voltage base project, which requires the provinces to complete the completion of the grid within 15 December, and some of the projects subject to external conditions should be completed within 2024.
On 20 June 2021, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on the pilot programme for the development of photovoltaics for the distribution of roofs throughout the county (city and district): the proportion of public buildings such as schools, hospitals and village councils that can install photovoltaic power in the total area of the roofs of the party organs is not less than 50 per cent; the number of industrial and commercial buildings is not less than 30 per cent; and the number of rural dwellings is not lower than 30 per cent.
Not less than 20%. On 14 September 2021, the National Energy Agency issued a declaration that the 31 provinces of the country declared 676 districts and that by 2023 they had met the development quota as model counties. According to the 200mw model for individual districts, the size of the pilot districts in the country was estimated at 135gw, while some non-pilot districts were pushed in line with the whole county model.
In 2016-2021, the share of domestic installed aircraft rose from 0.6gw to 21.5gw, and from 2% to 21.5gw.
At present, the domestic market is concentrated in Shandong, Hebei and Henan provinces, mainly for economic reasons (lighting, emptiness), for reasons related to access (markets are well nurtured and marketing channels are well developed), and for reasons related to recognition (residents have a high degree of light acceptance of roofs), the most important of which is economic, which is the main factor.
We believe that, as the price of the components falls, the economics of the other provinces can be opened up; Economic + county-wide policies that guide businesses in other regions; and the recognition of the population as economic growth and access improves. In the medium and long term, the distribution of light is subject to a pilot policy.
Overseas: photo-voltaic demand continues to flourish Overseas: according to the CUSA, the global gw-grade photovoltaic market will grow by 5 to 26 in 2022.
The combined load represents 88.6 per cent of the global load, and there are a large number of ongoing projects in such markets as India, Viet Nam, Saudi Arabia and Brazil, which will reach a peak of concentration and networking in the next three years; Japan, Australia, the Netherlands, etc. Annual demand in mature markets has stabilized and traditional markets such as the United States, Germany, Japan and Australia will be used by running households.
Table 6: Relevant policies or targets in major overseas countries Industrial chains: Silicon-led prices into lower-line areas, with attention to the advanced production of cellular links Silicon-based components: low-cost, high-quality silicon producers in China in recent years as the domestic photovoltaic industry develops
New production capacity continues to be released, while overseas silicon producers such as Oci, Waque, etc. have even partially shut down, while the country’s old production capacity has been phased out and the industry has become one of the five leading players. Since 2020, with the high growth in demand in the photovoltaic sector, the country’s growth has been growing.
The demand for industrial chain expansion is strong, and silicon is expected to rise sharply in 2021 because it has a longer production and productive release cycle than others. It is expected that, in 2022, silicon prices are expected to fall, leading to a return to equilibrium across the entire industrial chain.
Silicon silicon: The three current trends are 1) large in size, ranging from less than 5 per cent in 2020 (182 mm and 210 mm) to more than 45 per cent in 2021, which is expected to rise further in 2022; 2) thinning drops with high profitability, attracting a large number of new entrants, and active expansion of former manufacturers, which increased the marginality of competition patterns in 2022.
According to Solarzoom statistics and projections, global monocrystal silicon production capacity will reach 621gw by the end of 2022, and cr2 of single crystal silicon production capacity of 56.7 per cent/47.3 per cent/41.0 per cent in 2020/2011e/2022e, respectively. Battery silicon chain: relatively excess capacity in 2021, fragmented competitive patterns, coupled with pressure from upstream and downstream,
There are widespread losses. Battery is the key to technological change in the coming years, and as perc battery efficiency moves closer to the threshold, manufacturers are laying out the n-type battery technology. Perc battery production is stagnating, and future capacity expansion is dominated by a n-type battery, and in 2022 it is dominated by topcon.
By the end of 2021, Topcon’s planned capacity had reached 95.3gw. Component link: there are two types of competitors in the photovolt industry chain – integrated and specialized – and crystallized energy from 2010 onward. When there are high barriers in the industrial chain, especially technical barriers, exclusive.
Industrialists have the opportunity to rely on technical barriers to achieve better performance than integrated producers, and vice versa, when there are no visible barriers to the industrial chain, when the industry moves from rapid development to a relatively stable period, the integrated business model is more synergistic.
Product premiums can be obtained, but in the long run they do not create an insurmountable moat, so technology spills are faster. We believe that as the playing field in the photovoltaic sector stabilizes, integrated componentrs will have stronger competitive advantages in the future, and market shares will continue to rise.
Over the past few years, in the face of fluctuations in industry and policy and technological changes, integrated component traders have gradually taken up a larger share of the market through greater expansion, capacity and capacity utilization, and are expected to produce and produce a larger share of the future silicon than the silicon.
Eighty-eight hundred and eighty-five thousand tons, which will meet the load size of approximately 245-260gw, remain in a tight balance of supply and demand for silicon materials throughout the year. It is expected that, with the release of additional production capacity for silicon in the second half of the year, the price of the industrial chain will gradually decline, driving the component down to a region of $1.70-1.80/w, where the return on investment by downstream operators will be guaranteed.
The silicon chain, despite new entrants for the last two years, has expanded faster, and cr5 is expected to continue.
The silicon silica link, which attracts new entrants and is expected to spread. Batteries are the least profitable link in recent years, and there is a risk of substitution of the stock technology process.
As a result, firms are expanding at a slower pace. The component link, leading firms, was able to expand their capacity close to the industry in 2022, but from the point of view of delivery, the leading integrated component market is expected to increase.
Prices of the links: silicon prices increased significantly in 2021, silicon prices followed the trend, and the price of batteries and components increased relatively flatly.
The increase in silicon single-war Māori from 0.12 to 0.48 has significantly increased the cost of silicon in the downstream industry chain. The silicon chain has a relatively good pattern of competition, with a relatively strong transfer of costs from 0.12 to 0.05; the battery chain has a relatively poor pattern of competition and is squeezed upstream and downstream.
Māori monowatts have been reduced from 0.11 to 0.02 dollars; Māori monowatts have been reduced from 0.01 to 0.01 dollars for the component chain. It is expected that the profits of the chain will return to a more balanced state in the future, and the profitability of the industrial chain downstream is expected to be restored as the silicon production capacity progresses.
Figure 15: Māori split of cost of m6 components as at 14 January 2021 (M/w) Figure 16: Māori split of cost of m6 components as at 24 February 2022 (M/w) Technology: The pressure of the price-neutral age is still in place, with type n replacement p being the main line
Beneath efficiency has been the dominant melody for the development of the photovoltaic sector, and while domestic side price parity for power generation has been achieved, technological advances will still be needed to drive down costs over time, making the costs of photovoltaic power that take into account storage, upscaling and distribution costs still highly competitive if market potential is to be fully released.
With the gradual disappearance of the single crystal perc technology dividend, the volume conversion efficiency of the p battery has become closer to the theoretical limit, and the margin has been significantly raised with little space. The N battery has a high conversion efficiency, low photolysis, low temperature, good light response, and a high double face rate that allows the N battery to spend its entire life week.
Electricity generation during this period is generally higher than that of a p-type battery, and the gap will widen over time. The shift to an efficient N-type is the main battleground for technological progress in the coming years, and the mainstream N-type technology routes are topcon, hjt, ibc, etc.
Passive launch poles and back surface batteries (perc): developed from traditional aluminium backboard batteries via passivated pesc cells. Pesc increases the circulation by growing a layer of oxidation membrane in the battery launch area, reducing the surface compound speed of the photoluminous currents, using aluminum silicon alloys on the back for scavenging, in addition to many impurities and defects near p-n knots.
Aluminium backboard battery conversion efficiency. Perc cells passivate back surfaces on a pesc basis, reducing recombination of back surfaces and increasing reflectivity by the surface. Perc cells have point contact through small holes that cut through passivated membranes, replacing the traditional aluminum backboards with large area decomposition, reducing optical currents on the back with metal on the back.
The compound loss in the semiconductor contact area is the current mainstream p-type battery technology. Topcon: by using the metal electrodes in the cell, prepare - the super thin oxidation layer and the highly complex multi-crystal silicon membrane, which together form the passivated contact structure for silicon silicon.
The super thin oxidized layer has a special energy belt structure that allows multiple rims to penetrate to block their passage, achieving a passivated contact structure without opening holes. With topcon ' s better compatibility with perc, its new investment costs are lower, based on the previous perc line.
One-gw, with an additional investment of $80-100 million, is expected to take the lead in the scale production phase after addressing the technology and productivity of critical links. The current topcon route is predominantly composed of crystals, Lungi, Middle, etc.
The advantage is that the process is shorter, the drop path is clear, and the potential drop space is larger. The disadvantage is that the capital investment is larger and the cost of silver slurry needs to be further reduced to open the commercial space. In the medium and long term, the hjt drop path is clear and the efficiency space is wide and may become the dominant n battery technology in the future.
Tungwee, Orient Sunrise, Aikang, etc. Forkfinger back contact batteries (ibc): An excellent structure with fork finger back contact is the most efficient of the current battery technologies, and the disadvantages are that the process is more complex, more difficult, more costly and more difficult to achieve in the short term.
In the long term, ibc can be combined with Topcon, hjt technologies and have a good collusive potential in the process, which is the direction of future PV technology development, where the topcon line is highly compatible with the mainstream perc line, where new investments are small and suitable for the existing comparison.
Large-scale perc-line manufacturers (i.e., the dominant plant in the Perc era) are currently commercializing the fastest-growing N-type battery technology. On the basis of process comparison, the topcon line adjusts proliferation (from phosphoric silicone-free glass to baboon diffusion, more complex) and etching (from phosphoric silicon glass removal) based on the p-type battery process.
The removal of silicon glass, which is more difficult), increases the growth of the oxidation layer and the sedimentation of the multi-crystal silicon layer, and the compatibility of process and equipment.
One of the factors that had previously constrained the commercialization of Topcon was good rates, which in the past were significantly lower than in perc batteries, mainly because of the fact that the process had more production than decided, which could not be eliminated, but because most of the links were compatible with the perc line, the production process had a positive impact on Topcon technology.
On the other hand, the oxidation layer and multi-crystal silicon deposits in the process have a direct impact on topcon yields. The prevailing multi-crystal silicon sediments technology is based on the three routes of lcpvd, pecvd, pvd, each with advantages and disadvantages, the industry has not yet reached a consensus on which routes are optimal, and it is now being applied in the most widely used form.
At present, several leading companies have achieved a 25% breakthrough in their Topcon laboratory efficiency, with varying degrees of progress in the area of mass production processes and indicators. In the case of Crystal Energy, based on the company’s official micro-message public information, its N-topcon battery output has reached a maximum conversion efficiency of 24.5%, a 99% success rate, and a full high turnover rate.
In combination, the topcon battery is already initially competitive and price-effective in the commercial scene, and the perc battery is near the theoretical limit. In the future, as the topcon technology develops rapidly and improves its productivity, its competitive advantage will evolve.
On February 14, the first centralized tender for the acquisition of photovoltaic components for 2022 was launched, with a total of 6-7.5gw installed, of which 0.7-1gw is a single crystal of 555w and above. The market import of the cells was opened with the conversion effect.
Taking into account domestic and overseas demand, as well as the changing trends in prices in the industrial chain, we are the industry’s leading global photovoltaic component firms, with many years of delivery.
Over the years, companies have accumulated strong power in terms of size, technology, channels, brands, etc., and are the world’s leading photovoltaic component integration companies. Companies have actively promoted the globalization of production and marketing, have established offshore production bases in Malaysia and the United States, and have established overseas sales subsidiaries in more than a dozen countries around the world.
Corporate products are sold to more than 160 countries and territories around the world, with more than 80% of revenues from offshore sales. In recent years, firms’ offshore operations have been concentrated in countries and territories such as the United States, Europe, Australia, Japan, and Korea.
In terms of global output rankings, crystallized energy ranked first in 2016-2019 and second in 2020. According to preliminary statistics, the company ' s global ranking fell further to fourth in 2021, mainly due to the expansion of its capacity in recent years, the pace of output lags behind its top counterparts, and the relative robust implementation of the 2021 phase in terms of production sales.
By the end of 2021, the company’s capacity was close to the second- and third-ranking company, with the capacity still on the line. With the company’s creation board on the market, it is expected that it will grow faster than its peers in the next two years.
In recent years, domestic photovoltaic enterprises, driven by the demand of overseas markets, have continued to expand overseas, and the global share has risen significantly. Companies have maintained their strategy of globalizing their operations, through their production bases in South-East Asia and the United States.
Such production bases supply overseas markets to ensure that companies continue to sell to the United States market; globalized production markets can effectively spread risks, resist fluctuations in market demand or trade policies in different regions, and increase corporate resilience to globalized marketing networks. Companies expand global markets by building extensive distribution networks around the world.
The company’s vertical integration strategy is clear and is in place, with silicon, battery, and component capacity of 32.5/24/45gw by the end of 2021.
The company’s new battery production capacity will be dominated by the n-topcon production line, the 8gw factory on 8 January, and the company’s ipo campaign will include 7.5gw battery production. The company will add an advanced battery.
Line-up shorts, adjusting silicon and battery self-supply ratios to about 80% of the level, leading to a more coordinated integrated layout. Vertical integration layouts have advantages over specialized manufacturers: 1) Reduction of single-chain price disturbances in the industrial chain.
(b) The impact of the camps to increase the stability of production operations; (b) the economy of scale and profitability; (c) the quality of products guaranteed; and (d) the introduction of technologically iterative products to more effectively exploit upstream supply and downstream markets.
The company ' s topcon battery production line was completed in 2019, with production capacity exceeding 0.8 gw by the end of 2020, with an average output conversion efficiency of 24.2 per cent above industry level and above perc battery conversion efficiency, and with an initial basis for replacing perc batteries for industrial applications.
In 2021, the company ' s topcon technology matured, with a large area of N-topcon battery laboratory conversion efficiency of 25.25 per cent and a maximum conversion efficiency of 23.01 per cent for crystal energy n monocrystal components. In terms of mass-production applications, the company ' s topcon battery product is close to perc battery product, while at the same time producing process and equipment.
On 2 November 2021, the company ' s non-topcon component product, Tigerneo, was officially launched. On 8 January 2022, the company ' s brand-up-efficient n-topcon battery plant was officially launched and its capacity planned.
8gw. Construction of the project began on 8 September 2021, electrical and mechanical installation was delivered on 1 November, equipment was delivered on 10 December, full-line integration and battery downline was achieved on 4 January 2022. The crystallized energy security insignia factory was put into production, marking the large-scale production phase of the N-topcon battery, which is currently the largest topcon in the industry.
Battery lines. The Zhejiang Heining 7.5gw plant was launched in late February, and the company’s battery production capacity for type N will reach 16gw by the end of June.
The company’s sales of photovoltaic components are at its core, and after many years of accumulation, it has developed a well-established distribution network and a good image of the cards and customer stickyness. The company’s manufacturing and quality management system has been leading the industry for seven years and has been endorsed by the third-party independent photovoltaic component of the U.S. Laboratory for the Testing of Photovoltaic Components (Pvel) for Best Performance scorecards.
For many years, the company's global market for deep-farming components has always been at the forefront of the industry. According to Bloomberg's new energy source, it has fallen slightly to 97% annually.
The company values the R & D layout, making forward-looking technological reserves in terms of silicon, battery and component technology, and energy storage, photovoltaic building integration. Accurate, clear development strategies, and continuous R & D investment provide a constant incentive for the company to develop its business. The company’s R & D costs as a share of business income are among its peers.
At a higher level, by the end of June 2021, the company had 1,153 R & D staff. A high percentage of R & D inputs provided assurance that the company would acquire and maintain technological advantages. The company’s main business was the sale of components, with revenues ranging from 96.5% to 98% in the last three years, silicon and electricity.
In 2021, the higher prices of upstream silicon led to a further reduction in the profit space for the components, a reduction in the acquisition and execution of low-price orders, a gradual and strategic shift to a higher level of Māori, and a higher level of sales of silicon silicon in the first half of 2021. As a result, the company earned a relatively high share of sales in the first half of 2021, reaching 5.2 per cent.
With the expansion of the production capacity of components across the industry and the phasing out of some of the old production capacity, the productivity of companies declined from year to year, with the impact of upstream raw material price disruptions in the first half of 2021, with capacity utilization falling to 60 per cent.
With the expected rise in demand in the future industry, the rationalization of the prices of the industrial chain, and the release of the company’s advanced productive capacity, Lungi’s shares are well ahead in terms of the size of the harvest, with crystals energy, crystals technology, and cosmopolitan energy close to the level of cosmopolitan light.
Ping, the gap is mainly due to exchange losses and higher freight costs due to a higher external sales ratio, and higher costs associated with a higher out-of-cell rate, which are expected to improve to varying degrees from 2022, with a build-up of the technology premium from the n-topcon, and a significant recovery in the company's single-watt net profit.
Figure 32: Business income of some integrated component traders (millions of yuan) Figure 33: In the case of some integrated component traders, the turnover of the company ' s inventory increased from the first half of 2021 to 122 days, for two main reasons:
The rise in silicon prices has reduced the company ' s tactical sales of components, slowing income growth; and, secondly, international logistics constraints have led to a certain backlog of goods, with inventory levels still rising from the end of 2020.
Household payment policies are relatively better and payment cycles are relatively short. The number of working days for accounts payable is generally stable. The Department’s working days for accounts payable are significantly higher than those for accounts receivable, reflecting the good working capital management capacity of the company.
Model expansion to reduce the use of interest-bearing debt, resulting in good built-in growth. Figure 34: Good operating fund management (days)  Inventory working days  Accounts receivable working days  Accounts payable working days
The company ' s inventory turnover is close to the comparable corporate average and accounts receivable turnover is lower than other comparable public divisions; in the case of accounts payable, the company ' s turnover is consistently lower than that of all other comparable companies, reflecting the company ' s stronger management capacity for accounts payable; and in the case of fixed assets, the company ' s liquidity rate is lower than that of the comparable public sector in the three years 2018-2020.
Division level is close, slightly above average. Figure 36: Stock turnover of partial integrated component dealers (sub-) Figure 37: Partial integrated component vendor turnover (sub-)
Figure 38: Portfolio Portfolio Liquidity Rate (sub-) Figure 39: Portfolio Portfolio Fixed Assets Liquidity Rate (sub-) Percent View, the company is at a lower level and the operating interest-free liability ratio is relatively high.
In comparable companies, the company’s administrative, R & D, and financial costs are relatively higher. The sales cost rates were significantly higher than those of colleagues in 2018, 2019, and 2020, owing to changes in accounting standards.
Loss costs are excluded from sales costs, and companies’ sales costs are lower than those of their counterparts. It can be seen that the transport costs of companies are higher than those of other integrated components, mainly because of the company’s relatively high share of overseas operations.
Corporate management costs increased in 2021 compared to the previous period, mainly due to the fact that the additional capacity is still in a state of capacity climb, the effects of the epidemic on overseas plants and the inability to effectively spread the costs associated with it. R & D costs were stable and slightly decreased. The financial cost rate increased significantly in 2020, mainly because the company was in a period of rapid growth.
From past data, the growth rate of corporate revenues in 2020 and 2021 was significantly lower than that of other comparable companies, mainly at a slower rate of output expansion than that of their peers. There are two reasons for the slow pace of output expansion, one being that of companies.
Former sources of financing are relatively limited and will improve significantly upon return to a market; the second is the company's layout of the Topcon new battery and assembly technology, which has been less willing to expand the production line of the perc battery plate for the last two years, starting with 2022, where the company will rapidly expand the battery and assembly capacity of the n topcon.
The return to balance in the industrial chain and the company's return to a market will lead the company to an expansionary phase. Figure 47: Year-to-year rate of change in the capacity of some integrated components (%)
At the company level, crystallized energy n-topcon technologies, processes and sizes are ahead of industry, and future new expansions of batteries and component capacity will be all n-lined. We expect a four-year compound increase in the capacity of the company ' s components from the end of 2020 to the end of 2025, which is about 35% higher than that of the industry.
We believe that the growth of the company is more certain, and that the city’s share is expected to rise significantly. We estimate the company’s future capacity, the volume of goods delivered, and the market’s share as follows:
Production capacity, 500 million yuan for the Heining Research and Development Centre project, 1.5 billion yuan to supplement liquidity, over $3.7 billion to be used to invest in new productive capacity in the future or to replenish liquidity.
At the industry level, with the gradual release of silicon production, the price of silicon will enter the lower route in 2022, the cost of silicon rings will fall down, and the profitability of the integrated component traders will be repaired. The price of the components will generally fall by a certain amount of time compared to the price of silicon, and the price will become more risky during this period.
At the company level, the n-topcon production, yield and conversion efficiency of the crystal energy is ahead of the industry and is expected to enjoy the premium from the technology card. Topcon’s gain on perc comes from two sources: conversion efficiency.
For topcon's premium space, we measure as shown in the table below. Taken together, we judge that the current n-topcon component can achieve per watt by increasing conversion efficiency.
0.03 - 0.05 cost amortization; increases in the number of hours of power generation can result in 0.08 - 0.10 yuan per watt, and component traders may offer a portion of the premium in exchange for the market. We believe that the single-watt interest of the company ' s n-topcon component in 2022 could increase the perc component by 0.03 - 0.04 dollars, if model n topcon in 2022
The output of the components reached 10gw, resulting in an incremental net profit of $300-400 million. Changes in the next two efficiency factors: the conversion efficiency of the topcon component will continue to increase, resulting in higher premium space; and, in terms of the number of hours to be generated, several factors influencing the profitability of the company: 1) the relative rigidity of the company ' s overseas order prices, silicon.
Prices go down, companies can benefit from changes in the price of silicon, which increases the company’s profits. In January, silicon prices ranged from $2.75g per watt of silicon to the dollar, assuming that the component cost 2.75g per watt of silicon; and 2) with respect to the exchange rate, the United States inflation rate is high, the Fed’s austerity is expected to ferment, and the dollar is likely to be strong in the future.
Malaysian plant capacity utilization is expected to return to normal levels, achieve single-plant economies of scale and lower production costs; 4) companies used to have low battery chain capacity and high extraction rates, n-topcon official production in 2022, Anhui and Heining are expected to complete production in the first half of the year, adding 16gw short battery capacity
At the same time, it strengthens the N-type lead. In summary, the company’s component monowatts will be on the rise for the next two to three years, while its future growth is more certain by the fact that the company’s new production capacity is all advanced in the N-type.
The more perc batteries have a single-watt premium of $0.03-0.04 to project the operation of components based on the perc and n structure Māori ratio: the impact of the epidemic on overseas production start-up rates is gradually decreasing in 2022, and the cost of the company's industry is included in freight, customs duties, double counter-guarantees.
The company has a relatively low self-supporting capacity, with only a small number of low-priced products for export. We predict that in 2021, due to price disruptions in the industrial chain, the company strategically reduced the start-up of components, increased direct sales of silicon links, reduced self-supporting ratios, and returned to self-supporting patterns in the future.
From 2022 to 2024, the company’s sales revenue from silicon is $4.0/1.9/19 billion. At the industry level, the photovoltaic industry is in a state of high volatility.
At the firm level, integrated production of the components of the company is expected to increase as well as global market access when the project is completed. By successfully capturing the pre-existing advantages of the n-topcon battery technology, the company is expected to achieve a profitable growth that goes beyond the growth rate of the industry with the technological premium of the product.
In 2024 and later, as technology spills and market competition increased, the Māori rate stabilized or even declined slightly. Under the above-mentioned main assumptions, the fcff valuation method was used to obtain a reasonable value range between companies.
An analysis of the sensitivity of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and perpetuity growth, is presented in table 26 as a sensitivity analysis of the evolution of these two factors in the firm ' s absolute valuation.
First of all, a brief analysis of the market rate of the current photovoltaic component enterprises: the 2021 pe of the four integrated component firms in what we believe to be the relatively high value of the current industry ' s special point of time: the sharpest rapid increase in the price of silicon in 2021, the single largest in history, the integrated component and the professional list of the downstream segments of the industry.
Volatile profits are clearly squeezed, and the release of downstream demand is hampered by a certain price transfer; and looking ahead to 2022 and 2023, with the gradual release of silicon production capacity and rapid market-scale growth, the profitability and volume of the integrated component traders will be improved and repaired to varying degrees.
The market value of comparable companies is much more reflected in the relatively well-defined growth of the market for the future, with low base-level effects, while the differences in market rates between firms have been significantly reduced. We have chosen the integrated photovoltaic component, the Lungi shares, the Tsingo energy, and the Tsingts are comparable companies, first of all.
Simplified comparability. From the operational structure, the ratio of income to the company ' s component is very close, at around 98%: the share of the fleet, the base, at 78.3% and 67.4%, respectively, is higher than that of the component, and from the one-size-fits-all of the companies, there is no silicone in the sky, and the capacity of the Lungi silicone is significantly higher than that of the component.
And, in terms of income volume, Lungi’s shares are significantly higher than those of the other three companies. In summary, we believe that crystallistic technology is the most comparable, followed by Skylight, and that Lungi’s share is the lowest.
Taking into account the three dimensions of harvest volume, collection structure and production capacity structure, we give crystals 60/30/10% weights to Australian technology, cosmopolitan energy, and demersal shares in the relative valuation method. So it turns out that crystal energy is a leader in the n-topcon technology, and the photovoltaic industry is about to move from p to n.
During the conversion period, the company has a better technological card edge and a better output lead. On the other hand, the company has become more well-funded and its capacity has expanded faster over the next 1-2 years. As shown in table 28 below, there is a good combination of crystals, crystals, crafts, brands, channels, capacity, etc., and short-term “technology plus finance” resonance.
The valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the company's freedom in the coming years, based on certain assumptions.
The calculation of the gold stream, the calculation of the weighted capital cost (wacc), the assumption of the tv growth rate and the valuation of comparable companies may be optimistic about the relevant parameters, leading to the valuation
The selection of parameters adds to the judgment of many individuals: the high risk; and the high risk of calculating the annual free cash flow value of income, which leads to an optimistic valuation;
The profit forecast is higher than the actual value, the weighted capital cost (wacc) has a greater impact on the company's valuation, and we assume that there is no risk when calculating Wacc The interest rate is 3.6 per cent and the equity risk premium is 5.2 per cent, and there may still be low estimates or deductions for these parameters
The risk of overvalued companies due to low Wacc calculations;3 We assume a 2 per cent growth rate in company tv over the next 10 years, and that the market demand for the photovoltaic industry in which the company is located is more robust, but may be subject to significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, such as the dissipation and homogeneity of technology dividends.
Increased competition has led to low or negative real growth in the company's continued growth, resulting in overvaluation of the company, the selection of companies that are the same or similar to the company's business in the context of the relative valuation, and the reference to the relative valuation of the weighted average dynamic of the company in 2022, taking into account the company's ipo causes
The relative valuation method may involve risks that do not adequately take into account the risk of high valuations in the market as a whole, differences in product structure and market structure among companies, and risks that lead to low comparability.
1. Risks associated with the downside of the Māori rate, risks associated with raw material supply and price fluctuations, risks associated with the growth of the company ' s productive capacity at a rate less than expected 3 and the market acceptance of the n-topcon components at a rate less than expected
The risk that other new battery technologies will progress beyond expectations The risk that corporate products will be used primarily for export, that tariff and trade policies in countries such as the United States will have a greater impact on the sale and profitability of corporate products, and that there may be a risk that the worsening international trade situation will result in less than expected sales.
There is a high level of competition in light-voltage components, where the market is now concentrated towards the head of the firm and is ranked as a former integrated component market.
There is room for an overall rise in the share. Once market concentration has reached a certain level, competition between head firms will increase, leading to a halt in growth in the Māori and municipal rates, and even to a decline in the share of Māori.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them