— The annual report of the Voice Holdings Review Board for 2020, with business in line with expectations of hundreds of millions of yuan (year-on-year +49.80 per cent) and net profit of 2,386 million yuan (year-on-year +53.63 per cent) from non-mothers; gross sales
• Africa’s stable market growth, with other emerging market shares rising significantly
The rate was 4.7 per cent, an increase of 1.6 percentage points from 2019. Subregionally, firms grew steadily in African markets in 2020 (+159.72 per cent); the share of smart machines in the market remained the highest in Africa, with firms growing steadily, exceeding 40 per cent; and the company ' s development strategy in emerging markets was progressing well, except for Africa.
Other emerging market smartphone sales expanded further than in 2019, with Pakistan accounting for the lowest/highest share in the year: above 40 per cent ranked first, Bangladesh 18.3 per cent, India 5.1 per cent.
Sixthly. Emerging markets are now in the midst of a market trend towards a functional machine-to-smart switch, and an increase in unattractive penetration will be a major driver of growth in emerging markets, with firms expected to achieve rapid growth in the performance of locally implemented development concepts based on their globalized vision.
• The emerging global mobile market, such as Africa, where the company has been active in the diversification war on the basis of the initial success of a diversified layout based on mobile connectivity and the rapid development of digital home-based businesses
With its own localization operations, channels, supply chain management advantages, mobile Internet operations and mobile phone products such as home appliances, accessories, etc., are growing rapidly, product competitiveness and market ownership are increasing. And corporate smart machines are carrying audios, and the continued increase in sales of mobile phones is bringing to the company.
Companies have also worked with a number of national leading Internet companies to develop applications in a wide range of applications, and have achieved good results. The smart hardware-type eco-models of former companies are gradually improving, and it is hoped to achieve rapid business growth in the future.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice, companies plowing in Africa and emerging markets, smart hardware-type eco-models, and we look at the company's future.
Q2 Reverse Growth, Science and Technology Towards the Sea
"Golden Emerging Markets' mobile phone taps, Borders' ever-expanding smart terminal brands" 2020-07-15