At the time of the import substitution of hydraulics, the international tap had a first appearance, and on the 21st of August 2018, when the import replacement was carried out, it was created through the industry cycle.
The NHL is the leader of the domestic hydraulic industry, benefiting from the recovery of the downstream engineering and machinery industry and the pumping of the valves, with an income of $2.2 billion from 2018h1 (over 59 per cent of the year) and a net return to the mother of $460 million (up from 187 per cent of the year). The company accounts for nearly 50 per cent of the domestic market in the excavator tank sector, and its customers cover Carter.
In the more monopolistic area of pump valves, the company has succeeded in breaking through and starting to release, and sub-diploma hydraulics have generated $320 million (+220 per cent) in revenue from 2018h1.
In 2011-2017, the company smoothed the impact of the downside trend on the company’s performance by vigorously developing non-flagged tank operations and investing in high-precision castings and pump valves.
The engineering and machinery industry is now recovering and entering a new cycle of healthy development, with the volume of excavator sales falling back, leading to an increase in demand for a standard tank. Companies are taking advantage of the increased investment in fixed assets to speed up the process of nationalization of high-end hydraulics by, for example, investing in the casting project phase II.
Hydraulic tank operations: Traditional excavators continue to have a sustained climate, non-specific operations have more than expected to grow in 2018, and 18-19 million (+30% of equipment replacements) are expected to be sold throughout the year. Today’s market is much healthier than in 2011. From sales policy (no)
The machine-type distribution (the rise of the digs) reflects the real demand downstream. We expect a total market space of 2.8 billion, 3.1 billion and 3.4 billion for the excavator tanks from 2018 to 2020, and an estimated 14 per cent of the company ' s cagr business.
The non-barrelled tanks are vast downstream, with a number of blooms contributing to their performance. The share of the shield tanks in the domestic market is more than 70%, with 102% growth in business income in 2017, and we expect to continue to benefit from high growth in the start-up of projects such as the subway in the future. The crane tanks are mainly laid in the United States market.
The Bureau, which has developed flagship clients such as Manitobak and Snowk, has begun to enter the performance harvest period.
Pump valves account for up to 60 per cent of the value of hydraulic systems (only 20 per cent of the tanks). With the exception of the Carter period, o2 continued high-growth periods and Kotatsu's self-sufficiency, the domestic pump valves market is dominated by heavy workers in Kawasaki and Shizuku.
To benefit from the high profile of the excavator industry, downstream mainframe plants are generally faced with a lack of spare parts, which offers an opportunity to import substitutes for domestic hydraulic enterprises, such as constants.
Precision casts are set in order to exchange continued high R & D inputs for a real breakthrough in the domestic pump valves. Currently, the public valves are about to be released.
3. Stereo hydraulic pressure: performance forecast is overexpected, and is about to be released. In a tight situation where downstream sales remain high, corporate hydraulic pump valves are expected to generate annual revenues of 766 million, 1.365 billion, and 2,023 million, respectively, of corporate pump valve operations.
1. Key assumptions, drivers and major projections 3. Large digs, medium digs, small-divide pump valves at unit prices of 100,000, 38,000 and 17,000, respectively. 1. Downstream excavators continue to be sold at a higher rate than expected.
2. Non-flood tank operations are expanding. 3. Hydraulic pump valves are beginning to be released. 2) Non-flagged tanks: taking into account revenues from other areas such as shielding, lifting series, marine industry, new energy sources, etc., the company ' s non-flagged tank operations are expected to be operational
1) Continued high R & D inputs and high-value output construction of deep protected rivers, with downstream expansion beyond the industry cycle. Hydraulics as important industrial infrastructure components, with extremely extensive downstream applications, and a global market space of over 200 billion. Corporate Pyrotechnic R & D costs nearly 6% of the revenue ratio each year in 2013-2017, and the successive listing and release of new products such as pump valves in the middle will bring new performance growth points for companies.
The value of the entire hydraulic system is about five times that of the tank. In 2017, the corporate hydraulic set generated $170 million, and the market for the hydraulic system is full.
We believe that, as the company’s product lines expand and high-end hydraulics, such as pump valves, become more acceptable to customers, the company’s transformation system is being integrated, and the value of the product is expected to increase significantly. 3) With history, the global hydraulic tap is beginning to emerge.
On a global scale, the top 6-7 companies, such as Bo Shilesla, Kawasaki, Eton, Kyb, and others, account for 80% ~85% of the international hydraulic market. In addition to the top-ranked Bo Shilesla, who has retired from the market and is unable to split the income from hydraulic operations ($6 billion in 2016), Eton, Kawasaki, and Kyb hydraulics have significantly exceeded their income levels (25, 14, 870 million dollars in 2017) over the constant hydraulic pressure (2017).
At $440 million a year, the rate of increase has subsided (less than 20%) and is almost ripe; of this, the market value of Eton is close to $33 billion.
Main risk factors: the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the impact of the trade war on overseas operations, the under-research and development risks associated with pump valve operations.
It was founded in 1990 and is dedicated to technological innovation in hydraulic products to provide global customers with efficient, reliable hydraulic transfer and control solutions. After nearly 30 years of focus and innovation, it has evolved from hydraulic tank manufacturing to becoming a large integrated enterprise with a confluence of hydraulic components, precision casts, aerodynamic components, hydraulic systems, etc.
Currently, the company has four research and development centres in Berlin, Germany, and Chicago, United States of America, with eight major manufacturing bases; products are sold to more than 20 countries and regions, covering a wide range of industries such as engineering vehicles, port ships, energy mining, tunnel machinery, industrial manufacturing, etc.; and serves more than 1,200 well-known businesses worldwide.
The company ' s hydraulic product downstream application machinery includes walking machines represented by excavators, underground drilling equipment represented by shields, marine and marine machinery represented by ships, port machinery, special vehicles represented by high-altitude platforms, and wind and solar energy industries and fields.
Table 1: The company’s main products include hydraulic tanks, hydraulic pump valves, etc.
Downstream excavators continue to outpace their expected growth + full roll-out of hydraulic pump valve operations, with a boost in the first half of the year exceeding expectations. Public + 61%, mainly benefiting from sustained over-projected growth in the downstream excavator industry: non-standard tank revenue for heavy equipment, 590 million, 27%, compared to 29%; 66,000 sold, representing an increase of 19%.
The oil tank absorbed part of the production capacity, affecting the volume of non-scaling tank production and sales; subsidiary hydraulic technology (main hydraulic pump valves) achieved revenue of $320 million (+220 per cent), net profit of $35.5 million (+225 per cent), net interest rate of about 11 per cent, significant profitability, large scale effect + product structure optimization, and significant increase in profitability.
+6.5 pct; net interest rate 21.5%, year-on-year +9.6 pct; weighted roe 11.6%, year-on-year +7 pct. The company’s profitability has increased significantly, mainly because (1) the company’s average price of an excavator tank in the first half of the year was $4359, compared to the same amount sold in 2017.
The average price was $4,251/only, as can be seen from an increase of about 2.5 per cent in the 2018h1 excavator tank. (2) The scale effect of pump valves and the optimal product structure contributed to a cost increase less than the income increase. 3) The company strengthened its internal management, resulting in significant efficiency gains; the cost rate fell to 9.8 per cent for the period, compared to 4.5 pct (distribution)
The sales rate is 2.2 per cent, the management rate 7.4 per cent, and the financial cost rate is 0.2 per cent, corresponding to the ratio -0.9 pct, -1.5 pct,-2 pct). 1.3. Sustained high R & D inputs build deep protected rivers, enabling companies cross the cycle. The company's historical earnings and profit growth are highly correlated with the increase in sales of downstream excavators.
Since then, the company's income has increased by a factor of 0.97 and the profit by a factor of 0.83 and the excavator by a factor of 0.83. However, as can be seen from figure 8, where the trend is largely consistent, the income of the constant hydraulic pressure has increased at a faster rate than that of the excavator by a factor of 0.97 and that of the excavator by a factor of 0.83.
From the point of view of profits (figure 9), the company’s profits fluctuated well below the industry’s head in engineering and machinery – the trio. The industry’s downside continued to increase R & D inputs, and new operations, such as non-scaling tanks, contributed to higher performance.
Inter-firm R & D investment has always outpaced its revenue growth, suggesting that companies have been working on product development in the downside of the engineering and machinery industry. Since 2012, the company’s non-calored tank business has grown significantly, so as to mitigate the impact of industry downward trends on company performance.
In addition to the horizontal expansion of applications in the non-scaling tank area, the company’s product lines expand to technical difficulties and higher-value hydraulic components, such as pump valves. After many years of research and development and layout, the company’s hydraulic pump valve operation has been contributing revenue since 2014, meaning that the company really has access to the core of the hydraulic system.
The value output is the firm's construction of a deep moat. 2. The industry has a high degree of monopoly, with a constant integration of the hydraulic system with an overview of hydraulic systems: four core components working together.
Hydraulic systems are an important component of modern transmission and control systems, which are designed to transform hydraulic energy into mechanical energy by changing pressure. A complete hydraulic system consists of five components, namely, power elements, executing elements, control elements, auxiliary elements.
The power element consists of the original motor and the pump, and the system is first driven by the power element to convert the original motor mechanical energy into hydraulic energy, which provides the power to the system. The control element then adjusts the fluid pressure, flow and direction through various hydraulic valves and transmits it to the implementing component; it is then driven by the hydraulic tank and hydraulic motors, which convert the fluid pressure to the energy.
The main originals of hydraulic systems include hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, hydraulic motors, hydraulic cylinders and seals.
The value of each sub-product in the system is 30 per cent, 30 per cent, 12 per cent, 20 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively.
Hydraulic systems have a clear advantage in agility, smooth operation, automation, etc. through synergy. Thus, the application of hydraulic systems is broader than traditional mechanical and electrical movements, involving engineering, agricultural machinery, machine tools, metallurgy, aerospace, etc.
The largest downstream application industry of hydraulic products is where more than 35% of the country’s hydraulic products are used in engineering and machinery. As technology develops, hydraulics go deep into electronics, computer technology, information and automated control technology, and gradually move towards high performance, high quality, high reliability, and system packages.
According to the International Commission on Fluid Dynamics, the global market for hydraulics was 28.2 billion Euros in 2016. With the global economy warming, the global market for hydraulics is expected to grow steadily, and the market is expected to grow in 2017-2018.
The global hydraulic industry has a clear market concentration, with the top 6-7 leading firms occupying 80% to 85% of the international hydraulic market, in turn including Bo Shiles, Kawasaki, Japan, Pike Hannij, Denmark, the United States of America.
Danforth, Eton, USA, etc.; in the high end of hydraulics, the global market is hundreds of billions of sizes, but it is monopolized by well-known brands abroad. In 2016, the sales of Bo Schleszler were about $6 billion, the revenues of Eton hydraulic products (in the aerospace and hydraulic parts of the Department of Industry) were about $4 billion, and the revenues of Kawasaki heavy works hydraulic products (in precision mechanics).
In addition, in international markets, hydraulic firms usually work together to develop fittings and two markets after sale; and corporate monopolies abroad are evident, and clients have a higher degree of loyalty to and recognition of brands; hence, they are generally well-known, high-level hydraulic brands.
The market share is also higher in the post-sale market. 2.3. The domestic production hydraulics started late, and the mid-end high-end components were subject to human constraints.
Since the twenty-first century, the equipment manufacturing industry, represented by engineering machinery, metallurgical machinery, mine machinery, etc., has grown rapidly, and by the end of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan, the country has become the world's largest hydraulic market and the world's second largest hydraulic producer. In recent years, the growth in gross industrial output has been around 2%.
In terms of the scale of sales, the market size of the hydraulic sector in the country entered a period of rapid growth after the twenty-first century, peaking in 2011 at $62.4 billion, inspired by the country’s $4 trillion economic stimulus policy.
In 2016, China ' s hydraulic sector market reached 58 billion yuan, accounting for 28% of the global total, an increase of about 10 pct over a decade ago. However, most of our hydraulic products are at the lower end of the value chain, with high-end hydraulic products heavily dependent on imports, Doctor.
International hydraulic taps such as Lisbeth and Kawasaki account for a higher share of China’s market. Domestic hydraulic market R & D inputs account for less than 3% of sales, while German Schleszler spends more than 300 million euros a year on R & D spending, which represents a share of income. They remain at a high level of 6%, and our R & D efforts are insufficient.
The intensity of the competition, low investment in high-end product R & D, and long-term heavy dependence on imports have led to a very different concentration and branding of our hydraulic industry from the size of the market. In 2016, our hydraulic industry imported $1.55 billion, exports $800 million, and the trade deficit gradually narrowed, but in absolute terms it remained very large.
Our hydraulic sector is a country that is a force-intensive industry. The country's 13th Plan states that the development of the hydraulic sector, far from being adapted to the needs of the mainframe equipment, has become one of the bottlenecks for the country's equipment industry, and that the raw materials and accessories required for hydraulic products are the key to the improvement of the quality of hydraulic products.
In 2020, more than 60% of the high-end hydraulic components and systems became self-sustaining, subject to a gradual easing of the human condition, equipment, and much-needed hydraulic components and systems in the industrial field were widely promoted and applied. In “China-made 2025”, hydraulics were also included in the infrastructure of the industrial backbone as core parts and components of industrial manufacture, and as a national priority for research and development.
2.4. Stereotyping: Breaking a monopoly and marching into system integration. Stereotyping is a leading enterprise in a domestic hydraulic system with a clear technical advantage and a leading market position.
Formerly, the company had become the world’s first brand in the high-pressure tank area, hydraulic pumps and hydraulic valves had been upgraded through internationalization team development, and hydraulic horses had agreed to focus on building projects for Jiangsu province. Clients had covered more than 1,200 businesses across the globe, including international leaders such as Carter Pyler.
Table 3: Internationalization of the Helium Hydraulic Hydraulic Pressure Partnership since 2011 has been investing in the interior, expanding research and development and production of high-end hydraulics, and acquiring externally Shanghai Lizheng and Hawe-inline companies with multi-year experience in pump valve development and production. The company aims to combat hydraulic pump valves, fluids, etc.
The higher-tech components, such as voltage motors, are converted from a single tank product to a hydraulic system by enriching its product lines. The entire hydraulic system is about five times the value of the tank, and if it grows into a system integrator, the company's billions, the market for hydraulic systems is fully opened. The branding effect is gradually emerging and 22 shielding systems are delivered throughout the year.
And the hydraulic cooling workstations in the field of railing, and the successful completion of the 20t-40t multi-road valve test stand, the 130-mada test stand, etc. We believe that, with the expansion of the company’s product lines and increased customer acceptance of high-end hydraulics, such as pump valves, the company’s transformation system integrator is on the clock and the value of the product is expected to increase significantly.
In addition, the company is also moving the product toward hydraulic flow and control of product integration and informatization, and electromechanics. The integration of electromechanical fluids refers to the integration of hydraulic systems with electronic systems to achieve rapid, stable, accurate and long-range control of movements, which is typical of the “intellectual manufacturing” in the hydraulic industry.
The future direction of the hydraulic industry is shown. The global wind trends in the hydraulic industry – Bo Leisure is an important sponsor of the German industrial strategy 4.0 – can provide many intelligent solutions such as open core engineering (oce) for industry 4.0 – and is one of the few firms that do technology integration in the hydraulic industry. We believe that consistent is the leader of the domestic hydraulic industry.
The future direction of the hydraulic industry has been defined and, with the flow of R & D inputs and product validation, it is expected to grow into a double-integrator of hydraulic products and technologies, leading further to the domestic hydraulic industry.
3.1. Excavator tanks benefit from a high-growth cycle in the engineering machinery industry The engineering machinery industry is the largest downstream application of hydraulic products in the country, where more than 35% of hydraulic products should be used in engineering machinery. In the case of excavators, 28-33% of the cost of an excavator is made up of hydraulic systems.
In 2011, according to IAEM, 178,000 excavators were sold in the country, reaching an all-time high. The engineering and machinery industry then started to go down, reaching a bottom of 56,000 in 2015.
The adjustment period, which began in the third quarter of 2016, benefited from the recovery in real estate investment and the demand for the re-engineering of excavators, and the cumulative volume of sales in the first half of the year exceeded 120,000, a 60 per cent increase over the previous year, well beyond what had been widely expected in the market, the demand for engineering and machinery and the industry’s continuing high profile.
Based on our observation of the engineering and machinery cycle and research on downstream manufacturers, H2 excavators are estimated to be 6-7 million, currently low-season production, and monthly sales are likely to increase (17 years x 65,000, 18 years x 60,000, figure 23: investment in infrastructure is declining)
Figure 22: Real estate new start-up is being levelled off, and company sales of excavator tanks have increased significantly in 2017, against a backdrop of rising capacity and rising prices for the fuel tank at the end of demand recovery.
Digger sales are consistent. The company’s share of an excavator tank is 49% left-right, according to a four-cylinder tank. Henji is the country’s largest and only supplier of an autonomous branded tank, sharing about 90% of the country’s market share with Japan’s kyb (town), Xiao Pine hydraulics, and Korea’s Tungyang machine (smoking station).
Normally, a single excavator uses four cylinders (two lift-arm tanks, one pole tank and one shovel tank). The unit price of the excavator tank is concentrated, the small excavator tank is around $2,000 per tank, the body is about 4,000 per tank, the price of the large excavator is even tens of thousands, and there was a certain increase in the price of the fuel tank due to supply and demand stress in 2018.
Assuming that the sales of excavators in China increased by 30 per cent, 15 per cent, 10 per cent between 2018 and 2020, and combined with the sales of 140,000 excavators in 2017, we can measure the market demand for the excavator tanks from 2018 to 2020 at $2.8 billion, $3.1 billion, and 3.4 billion, respectively. We believe that the market for the excavator tanks will continue to hold in the coming years.
Table 4: The company's digger tank business will grow at a rate of 14 per cent for the industry.
Heavy lifting machines (including high-altitude operating vehicles, car hangings, etc.). 3.2.1. Shield tank: rapid development, beneficial dry-orbiting + increased demand for underground integrated tube halls. Shield machine is a dedicated engineering machine for tunnels and is used extensively for urban orbital transport construction, railways and public transport.
The construction of underground spaces in the country is at an early stage, with most cities and regions having large development spaces and markets. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, national and local governments put in place policies related to infrastructure development, including underground spaces such as subways, tunnels, tunnels, and tunnels.
Industrial manufacturing firms, with shield-based products, continue to benefit from the major capital boom. We predict that the country’s additional subway miles are expected to reach about 3,000 km between 2018 and 2020, corresponding to a demand of 1,000 units, assuming an average of 3 m.
The construction of the complex is about 12,000 kilometres, assuming that the new complex will be built 8,000 kilometres between 2018 and 2020, 15% of the shield penetration rate will be 15%, with an average of 8 km requiring a shield, corresponding to 150 needs. The hydraulic tank value of the shield will be about 15%, while the space for the hydraulic tank of the shield will be about 3.5 billion years between 2018 and 2020, with a compound rate of growth of 31%.
The current standing shield tank has a share of more than 70% of the domestic market, has high-quality clients in the shield industry, such as the Chinese Iron Engineering, Chinese Iron Construction, and the China-China Tianxing, and sells products to countries like the United States, Europe, Japan, and Australia. In 2017, corporate shield tank revenues grew by 102%, and we expect to continue to benefit from the start of projects like the subway in the future.
Figure 29: Hydraulic tank value in shielding is about 15% 3.2.2. Heavyweight tank: US market layout is going well, starting the performance harvest period. The company's layout of the lifting series, mainly in the US market, has been successfully developed after a previous period of 2-3 years.
A number of well-known clients in the areas of car hangers, straps, high-altitude vehicles, cranes, etc., including the leaders of Manitoba, Snoke, Trex and others, have begun to enter the performance harvest period. 35,000 platforms are currently available at high-altitude domestic platforms, close to 600,000 in the United States and 280,000 in Europe, as can be seen from China.
In the medium-to-long term, with the ageing of the country and the rising cost of using it, there will be nearly 20 times as much room for growth in future high-altitude platforms in the United States, as measured by current levels of holdings. Companies are now collaborating with domestic high-altitude platforms, the leader of Zhejiang Dynasty, and have developed non-collar tanks for arm-based high-altitude platforms.
In the future, it is expected to benefit from the vast space of a domestic high-altitude operating platform. Figure 31: Application of hydraulic systems to offshore operating platforms Figure 30: Application of hydraulic systems to high-altitude operating vehicles
In addition, the company ' s hydraulic tanks have more applications in the fields of marine industry and new energy sources. Of these, ships, marine engineering equipment, and port machinery have higher hydraulic rates, and hydraulic tanks are widely applied to mobile systems such as rudder machines, anchors, hatch caps, cabling machines, and rig platforms for marine engineering equipment.
In the new energy sector, hydraulic tanks are mostly used for wind power, photovoltaic equipment, and are generally regulated by such equipment.
In the harsh outdoor environment, the reliability of the tanks is very demanding. In 2016, the company won the Tianjin Sea PV project, which successfully moved into the field of photovoltaic-related hydraulics in the new energy sector. Wind power, photovoltaic power, is the country’s faster renewable energy generation, and future demand for the tanks can grow in time.
4. Hydraulic pump valves.
However, most of the production of hydraulics is concentrated in low- and medium-end products in the industrial chain. For high-end hydraulics, we import about $3 billion a year on average, and the import replacement of hydraulics cannot be delayed.
According to the data mentioned above, hydraulic pump valves account for 60% of the value of hydraulic systems, compared to 20% of the tank, and the visible hydraulic pump valves are much higher than the hydraulic tank. Hydraulic pumps, as a technical difficulty in the hydraulic industry, have been a major concern for businesses. According to data from China ' s Association of Hydraulic Gas Sealed Industries, 2009-2016
The production value of hydraulic pump products increased from $5.918 billion to $10.560 billion, almost doubling. However, this figure does not meet the country’s rapidly growing market demand, and we still need to import large quantities of products abroad every year.
The industry faces technical blockades, equipment blockades, personnel, and other products such as domestic hydraulic valves. As a result, the industry is facing technical blockades, equipment blockades, and personnel.
The challenge of the blockade. Thus, the highest end of the positioning industry, and breaking the human condition of the product, is a top priority for industry development. 4.2. Inner + extended subconscious layouts, taking advantage of the east wind of the engineering and machinery industry, after years of hydraulic valve production and R & D accumulation, the rheal hydraulic pressure has begun to accelerate the nationalization of high-end hydraulics.
As early as 2011, as a result of the sustained investment in high-precision hydraulic castings, which produced 25,000 tons per year, the problem of high-end pump valves was solved from the basic point of view; the company was either acquired or formed in Shanghai, such as the new Shanghai company, Henrich Technologies, Haweinline, Germany, and the layout was directed to the domesticization of the pump valves. In March 2018, the company issued an announcement that it would use $500 million of its own funds to expand the castings.
During the second phase, the production capacity to produce 30,000 tons of hydraulic casts per year will be effective in alleviating production bottlenecks and, in the case of heavy spare parts shortages, it is expected to accelerate the pace of pump valve import substitution. Benefiting from the high profile of the excavator industry, downstream mainframe plants are generally faced with spare parts shortages, which are consistent.
There are opportunities for hydraulics to replace imports. Currently, downstream manufacturers have tight stocks of mechanical equipment, heat sales patterns, and even cut-off conditions, and the continuing high growth of the engineering and machinery industry is becoming more acute than ever before with bottlenecks in the production capacity of hydraulic giants such as Kawasaki, Lesler, etc. Pressure-pump valves.
The large increase in the demand for hydraulics is closely related, and creates a good opportunity for domestic hydraulic brands. 15 tons of long-story hydraulic fluid pressure for sub-digger master pump valves have been supplied in bulk to large domestic brands such as Trinity, Willows, Xu, Ritter, etc., and officially released in 2017; pump valves and smaller, lower-cost diggers in new products will also be marketed in 2018.
In a tight situation where sales remain high, the company’s pump valve product will be the best beneficiary, and it is hoped that it will be successfully imported, and that an excavator will require four tanks, one main pump and two main valves. In terms of unit prices, the excavator tank will cost more than 10,000 tons, and we estimate that the entire pump valve product market space is 2.5 times that of the tank.
The current small-divide pump valve has already achieved bulk supply, the middle-divide pump valve has begun to release and, according to our calculations, it is estimated that (2) the average unit price of the small-divide pump valve is 17,000 units per set; the average unit price of the middle-dug pump valve is 38,000 units per set; and the average unit price of the large-dug pump valve is 100,000 units per set.
From a global perspective, the top 6-7 companies, including Bo Shilesi, Kawasaki, Eton, Kyb and others, account for 80% to 85% of the international hydraulic market.
In addition to crushing operating revenues (the Group ' s total revenue of $6 billion in 2016), Eton, Kawasaki, and Kyb hydraulic operations received revenues that were significantly larger than the constant hydraulic pressure, but the rate of increase has stabilized (less than 20%) and is now largely within maturity. And the constant hydraulic activity revenue in 2017 grew at a rate of over 100% and is still growing rapidly; compared to the current leader overseas.
In view of the growth of global hydraulic taps, we have found that the next international tap is already in place. 1) Bo Shilesla: Precision casting technology and high R & D inputs are the building blocks for the transformation of the exploration industry by 4.0.
Lisbeth started with a hydro-iron workshop, creating advantages in hydraulics with sophisticated casting techniques, gradually growing into a global hydraulic giant. At the same time, the company’s R & D share of sales remained around 5-6%, consistently ahead of the industry.
Network integration to achieve greater flexibility and efficiency. 2) Kawasaki Heavy Worker: Growed up with Japan’s diggers industry, and developed more effectively overseas. Since 1968, when Japan’s first excavator came to life, Kawasaki Heavy Worker was responsible for the hydraulic pump and, with the Japanese diggers’ demands for performance, he was able to use it.
In 1993, the sophisticated machinery department of Kawasaki set up production and marketing bases in the United Kingdom and the United States, the hydraulic products of Kawasaki started expanding overseas, and the first production base of China (Sushu) was established in 2005, becoming a core supplier to the third class of engineering machines.
Figure 43: Kawasaki Heavy Industries overseas collects nearly 60 per cent of total income (million yen) The Proficient Castion Project, which has been in operation since 2011, provides a solid basis for the production of hydraulic pump valves; and
At that time, investment in R & D, which accounts for between 4 and 5% of total income, is constantly upgrading and expanding the product line horizontally; it is now being laid out in developed countries and regions, such as Europe and the United States, Japan, with a significant increase in overseas revenues, which in 2017 accounted for 23% of the company’s total revenues. Taken together, young people are constantly learning from the development experience of the world’s leading overseas leaders over the past century.
Based on the above, and in the light of developments in the industry and the capabilities of the company, we have made the following assumptions as to the operation of the four main units of the company ' s excavator tank, non-flagged tank, hydraulic pump valve, component and hydraulic kit, respectively:
1) Excavator Tanks: According to the previous calculations, the demand space for excavator tanks for 2018 - 2020 is divided into two) Non-flagged Tanks: Integrated Consideration of Shields, Lifting Series, Marine Industry, New Energy, etc. 3) Hydraulic pump valves: Based on the previous estimates of pump valve revenue, we expect company pump valve revenues for 2018 - 2020
4) Component and hydraulic set-up: As the company’s product lines expand, the hydraulic system set supply capacity is already at first sight and is currently working on the overall complement of hydraulic systems in the areas of railing, shielding, etc. We expect price-resilient pe to be 24 times, 18 times, and 15 times, respectively, and the current valuation is significantly below the historical average valuation level, w.
Risks of macroeconomic volatility: downstream demand in the engineering and machinery industry is more affected by macroeconomics, and if downstream infrastructure and real estate investments fall short of expectations, so is the risk of recovery in the engineering and machinery industry.
The main top-heaviness series in the Central African cylinders is in the United States, and they are just beginning to reach a performance harvest; if China and the United States trade were to intensify, they would pose some operational risks. Pump valves are not sold as much as expected: hydraulic valve technology barriers are high, and the market share is mostly dominated by foreign hydraulic dragons.
The head, although the company's small digs have opened the market, is not as fast as expected in terms of R & D and sales in the middle and large digs.