Gore shares (002241), combined core competitiveness brings about sustained growth confidence, 19 September 2022.
▪ Firm strategic layout zero components + whole machine product lines, with significant efficiency in controls: companies have always insisted on smart manufacturing + precision manufacturing double-wheel drive around the "4+4+n" strategic layout, with precision zero group + smart whole machine + content serving as an inner core, building an industrial ecosphere.
Households, in close and in-depth communication with clients and projects, through research and development capabilities, in-depth product definition, technology, processes, etc., and through continued precision management of operations, continued improvement of key indicators such as cash flow, inventory and turnover rates, with control optimization as an essential underpinning;
At the same time, continuing employee-holding programs and equity incentives are an important foundation for long-term development confidence, and for the culture and health of the home. vr/ar is about to enter the high speed and long-term, and the firm’s long-term upward trend is clear: vr/ar is behind.
The main points of growth in the mobile age are also important advantages for companies. Gore has mature optical components (vr), optical systems (ar) and smart hardware design manufacturing capabilities, working in depth with the global science and technology firm vr/ar industry chain, which is the sole plant for products such as Sony, oculus and others.
Business, short-term benefits from the new product mix of mainstream brands and the prospect of long-term benefits from the country's full-scale support and improved industry's ecology, leading the release of new brands and promising to lead further production.
The installation and core acoustic component, which is an absolute leader in the market, works closely with major technology giants, and is expected to continue to grow in the future as customers expand further and end-product sales increase.
Order orders, and hopefully more mainstream client replacement systems, are expected to show up in the future. 3) Companies continue to enhance their layouts in microelectronics, mems microphones take a global lead, and invest more in mems smart sensors, sip advanced encapsulation processes, etc.
Incoming, the future is expected to bring new performance elasticity and further increase the profitability of the business.  The expected volatility of the market remains constant upwards: for more than three years, the environment is uncertain, the market is expected to be highly volatile, but the firm remains on the upwards and is objectively strong.
The firm footprints of performance and progress underscore the value of the company, and only by sharpening core competitiveness, the Gore shares (002241: 2021) and increasing, can the industry’s winds be captured at any moment, with a forward-looking and continuous pattern.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: vr/ar is about to enter the fast-speed and long-term, and the firm is expected to further deteriorate with a deep relationship.
Firm strategic layout and control optimization are the basis for sustained acquisition of incremental orders 1.1. Corporate strategy is unwavering: smart manufacturing + precision manufacturing double-wheel drive. Companies have for many years insisted on smart manufacturing + precision manufacturing double-wheel drive with precision zero components + smart whole machine + content
Services are kernels, industrial rings. There are now four fine, zero components of sound, light, electricity, precision structures, and hearable, wearable, viewable, home-based cable layouts with innovative competitive advantages in the areas of acoustics, optical, mems semiconductors, and products are widely used in smart phones, smart tablets, etc.
The brain, smart home video gamers, smart minds can wear electronics, etc., represent consumer electronics. Companies have design and manufacturing advantages in key components such as acoustics, opticals, sensors; vertically integrate zero-sum synergized layout thinking, service downstream, support upstream, search for opportunities and create value in value chains; acoustics are.
Core advantages, as well as optical layouts for many years, are important underpinnings of companies' future operations. The company’s 4+4+n business model of “zero-components plus finished products” is not a battle-by-fire, synergized, interlocking support; it leads to a client flow by using a large number of home-made zeros to develop an intelligent whole-office operation that sustains and upgrades the product’s Māori ratio; and it leads to the development of the engine.
1.2. Sustained high growth in performance and significant regulatory improvements
The smart wireless headphones in the layout are in the production uphill phase and are not yet profitable. From 19 q1, the tws headphone production and profitability have continued to grow, driving the growth of smart acoustics; from 21 q1, vr's output has continued to grow at a fast pace.
The core client group is the firm ' s core competitiveness: end-brand innovation creates demand, the firm has in-depth and close communication with its clients and with its projects, deep-ploughs every major customer and product line, and provides the basis for growth through the ability to develop in-depth product definitions, technologies, trades, etc.
Control optimization and fine-tuning of operations are firm guarantees of enforcement: companies have vigorously promoted regulatory reform since the end of 18th year, 1) streamlined functions, streamlined decision-making chain for management and increased authority of middle-level bg; 2) increased incentives for staff and efficient rotation of production line groups; 3) digital plant management and improved information system interaction across business lines;
(4) Client project orientation management, with focused resources put into the market. (Experient result: 1) tws headphones/vr, etc., have rapidly increased the rate of production of new products, and the speed of their climb and net interest rates. (Cash flow, inventory, roe, turnover, etc.) Operating indicators remain healthy.
Implicit results: 1) Departments of Operations bg have an accurate and rapid grasp of end-user products and technological upgrading needs, and clients have a full resource advantage; 2) remain aware of the cutting-edge technology path and maintain the R&D pace; 3) employees are motivated and stable.
The results are expected to lead to further significant improvements in corporate profitability. Figure 4: Significant reductions in corporate management costs (including R & D costs) Long-term incentives in place to highlight corporate employee culture and long-term confidence: employee ownership schemes and equity incentives
It is the company's traditional incentive to effectively motivate its employees to work and to maintain the stability of its core technical and managerial cadres, especially since 2020, where companies have introduced incentive schemes on an annual basis, involving a continuing trend of expansion of staff and size, to strengthen the workforce base at the rapid pace of growth of the consumer electronics industry.
2.vr/ar long-term development trends determine that 2.1. Multi-stage factors determine that vr/ar ' s future high growth is still within reach.
Since March 2020, the benefits of the blast vr game have received great attention once again; the epidemic has led to a rising demand for vr in educational, medical and tourism settings, and the industry is expected to accelerate its warming; 2020q3, the facebook (meta) has launched a new generation of vr hardware, oculusquest2, which has been well received since its listing.
In the long run, with the power of the giants Meta, Sony, Hua, Google, Apple, Samsung, Microsoft and others, hardware equipment end displays, delays, interactions, etc., the field of application continues to grow and 5g technology matures to facilitate computing and rendering of clouds and solves questions of numeracy and connectivity, vr/ar ' s long-term prospects are worthwhile.
To create new areas of demand (based on the emergence of breakthroughs and applications of mainstream national and international brands of vr hardware)
High potential for attributes such as socialization; opportunities for technological bottlenecks (e.g. interaction and appearance; reduced costs and prices of sales; eco-improvement of giants in games; arc technology)
Technology; product-specific mix; enriched meta, apple, Google, pico,
Meta, sony, pico, apple, etc., concentrated towards the big tech, the main pattern.
Social attributes, c-ends, product patterns and positioning, and a few brands become industry poles.
2.1.1. Short term: vr hardware and content enter a virtuous cycle vr represents a high-speed growth of product exposure: oculusquest2 has become the most popular vr display, with improved vr experience in appearance, hardware and software, and wearing, estimated at around 3 million sales in 2020.
More than 8 million shipments were made in 2021, or nearly 80 per cent of the total. Figure 7: Annual sales of oculusquest 2 are close to 10 million grades (in thousands). Hardware technology and industry chain maturity helped to improve equipment experience: vr indicators met some of the immersion targets and improved them.
Users use the experience to move vr head to a “playable” phase, which is no longer a one-time consumption, while technology matures to promote lower equipment prices and boosts the flow of consumer-grade products. Multi-pound products are about to be released, further stimulating market growth: sony (psvr 2), meta
In the second half of 22 to 23 years, leading national and international brands, such as Apple (mr), Pico (neo4), are expected to publish new vr/mr products, with hardware overlaps that will strongly drive the growth of sales.
Helping the vr game to enter a virtuous ecological cycle, especially the continuation of the 3a game with high-quality content production will also effectively enhance the length and experience of the vr user. Figure 9: The vr diversity of content drives the user ratio to continue to rise
Figure 8: Vr shows a downward trend in prices in the middle of 2.1.2.: giants do their best, and the application scene expands further, each with its own unique flow effects, content reserves, closed-ring ecology as a means of taking the lead.
vr/ar Blue Sea: 1) Meta/byte mode: Internet flow plus code is fast cutting into the market and hardware and hardware eco-development goes hand-in-hand; 2) Sony model: customizes client groups based on original content advantages and focuses the game over core user needs; 3) Apple model: self-research chip + hardware definition product wind cursor, creating new demand to invigorate the vr/ar market.
Applications have been expanded from games to multiple areas, and applications such as entertainment, socialization, office, education, industry and others are expected: 1) visual and live broadcasts in the pan-recreation field are expected, with simple landing scenarios; 2) offline social and office scenes are expected to be moved to virtual spaces to address remote communication issues; 3) education is a mature b-end scene with rigid needs
Scattering; 4) Virtual enabling reality in the industrial landscape to achieve mitigation efficiency gains. Help with simulation design and manufacturing tests, operation and maintenance of the British daomniverse platform, 1.7 user experience site applications
Visualization achieves full-cycle monitoring of products Provides training functions such as surgical training and simulation of operations, supported by complementary diagnostics, operational navigation and holograms
vrhealth publishes products that help improve the ability and awareness of people with autism, Alzheimer's functions, post-operative rehabilitation, mental disorders, etc.
Service function 2.1.3. Long term: A breakthrough in the core bottleneck will drive Vr/ar to truly reach the entry point for the daily application of vr/ar to a truly universal level.
Vr/ar is still at a critical stage in moving to a high-speed development, although interactive technologies such as eye-trace tracking, muscle electrocution, etc.
While feeling that emg, brain interaction are not really mature, the main way to track them is still gestures, but the direction of technology in core zero components, such as optical and displaying, has shown a clear trend; at the same time, one of the true constraints on industrial development is the fact that the existing content ecology has not yet reached the point where public demand is painful, and how the non-recreational landscape can be shifted to the Won.
In the universe, there are bottlenecks that must be broken. The future trend of a significant increase in equipment penetration in vr/ar has determined that it will benefit fully from waiting for the company to take the lead in core optical and whole-of-the-board technology after key technology breakthroughs.
The vr industrial chain consists mainly of spare parts, hardware equipment, software system platforms, content applications and operations.ar the industrial chain consists of hardware equipment, tools/platforms, applications, three parts, hardware equipment including head displays, spare parts and technical support, tools/platforms including distribution platforms, sdk developers toolkits, 3d tools, 3d capture, etc.
Applications range from games, consumer applications, business applications, health care, education, etc. Figure 12: The main structure of the vr industrial chain
A comprehensive layout, such as a research and development base, a Gore optical technology subsidiary, and close collaboration with institutions and institutions of major learning can now provide a wide range of Vr optical solutions, such as a Féner lens, a folding light circuit, as well as spectroscopic reflections, prism reflections, diffraction optical components, etc., and pre-library curves, photowaves, microscopics, etc.
Research and development is ongoing along the vr, ar-optic technologies, which are configured in line with future trends and have the ability to integrate from zero components to the whole system. Companies are deeply tied to leading technology plants such as Sony, Meta, Amazon, Google, and are located in Sony, oculus, Pico.
At the same time, the company continues to contract core technology, to develop a new Vr-based reference design platform based on the Xr1/xr2 platform in collaboration with Hightower, to conclude an agreement with waveoptics to produce a single supply of light and wave guidance elements to lay the groundwork for the subsequent introduction of other technology giants, and is expected to take the lead in the long run to benefit from the vr/ar industry.
The main competitors in the vr chain are Guangta, Soto, Dragon Flag, etc., Gore shares and production capacity remain absolutely ahead and continue to expand production and billing. The company has a combined competitive advantage in customer resources, system integration, core optical components, scalding capacity; short-term growth depends on customer sales (22-23 years of sony, oculus, etc.)
The market is still small. Gore has various types of optical machine technology and production processes, and works with waveoptics to eject luminous wave-guiding technology, and industrial development early.
The world’s technology giants have been active in setting up theirar products, taking the lead in developing cooperative intentions with Gore, and constantly examining assessments, and not coming to the formal establishment of new products as technology routes are set and new products are formally established, with the prospect of significant revenue growth.
Sex is expected to make a significant contribution after 24 years depending on the self-made nature of the core zero components of the product (photosystems, mems McFine arrays, sales of new products, etc.).
3.1.tws headphones are expected to become mainstream as core technology such as bluetooth technology, chip program upgrades, cellular structural changes and system support, ai and sensor technology matures, and it is expected to contribute to the rapid and sustained development of tws headphones.
As the headphones evolve into a stand-alone smart device, the tws headphones will be upgraded with more technology and performance, which will drive the continuous upgrading of core parts and technologies.
The company continues to invest in research and development in the field of headphones, taking advantage of the competitive advantages of traditional bluetooth headphones in the field of electronics and the new opportunities for innovation in the intelligent wireless headphone industry, has been active in the tws headphone industry since 2013 and has the capacity to design and assemble tws headphones and provide core acoustic components.
Corporate tws headphones have design advantages (from antenna design, acoustic component design, audioic integration, sensor integration to embedded systems integration one-stop solution), algorithm advantages (active noise reduction, up-and-up noise reduction, McKee wind array, echo elimination, algorithmic techniques such as 3d around stereos, voice enhancement), manufacturing advantages (electronic zero group)
The company’s share and sales of large North American customers have increased steadily, while the Odm model of cooperation with Andre clients has been adopted, corporate design has dominated, client-differentiated needs have been identified, and zero-component technologies have been advanced in advance with customers.
Shows the technology layout and is expected to continue to make a significant contribution. 3.2. Smart home and smart wear fast-growing business. Smart soundbox business: In the 5g+ai era, smart sound boxes are expected to start fast with the location of the smart home entrance.
Extended, companies can provide high-quality speakers, shell/structurals, one-stop service to smart speakers through 360° acoustic structures and high-performance microphone arrays combined with excellent odm capabilities. Figure 19: Gore leads the layout of smartphones and core zero components
Playplayer Business: The company has been working closely with mainstream players in Japan for years, moving from game parts to host odm business, providing one-stop service from core zero components to full-scale integration, and with a new generation of mainframes and a rapid increase in company shares, the gamer business is expected to bring significant performance growth points to the company.
Smart wear business: the company provides conceptual, research and development, manufactures a one-stop service, has a wealth of successful global first-class passenger cooperation cases, has design applications for mainstream smart watch, handring platforms, has esim independent 4g calls, two-chips architecture, 5atm waterproof design and manufacturing experience, and is expected to continue to benefit from large domestic customers' subscriptions.
Single-growth, and with the trend of intelligent wearing healthy eco-building, it is expected to cut into the international leading brand supply system. Figure 20: Companies moving into mainstream game branding and rapidly increasing their share. 3.3.Mems technological advantages are clear, and micro-electronic business prospects are promising.
Low power and high performance are the direction in which the mems microphones are developed, while technology that allows voice enhancement and voice location is one of the necessary technologies for intelligent products, microphone array technology that allows smart speakers to recognize remote voices without consumers calling their voice assistants by clicking on the keys, and sound source positioning.
Intelligent devices can be enabled to increase the number of targeted voice signals in order to contain noise, gain clearer voice signals and provide better intelligence services; yole predicts a projected volume of 8 billion mems microphones in 2022 and a composite growth rate of 11 per cent in 2020-2024, and penetration rates will continue to rise.
Gore, as a leading mic industry business, has been setting up mems for almost 20 years, and invested in October 2017 in the area of Gore Ember Electronics Ltd. Farming Mems through a combination of widgets, advanced envelopes, software algorithms, the development of integration devices and smart sensor modules, the mems microphone product with high performance, dustproof water, intelligence.
The company is now the leading mems manufacturer in the world, the mems microphone from 2019 to the present, while Gore's forward-looking sip wrapping business, invested $6.7 billion in 18 years with the Qingdao Mountain government to build an integrated sensor project. The first production line was built to produce sensors, smart sensors, and sip systems.
We believe that with the rapid growth in the size of the tws headphone market and the tendency to micro-improvise devices, the technology of encapsulation is becoming more important, and companies are expected to benefit fully from active layout in this area. The company Golwe Electronics focuses on the mems industry, whose main products include mems, mems, mems, etc.
(a) Future growth points include the rapid growth of mems mics associated with a variety of audio hardware sales and share increases, the expansion of mems sensors, and the rapid expansion of sip products;
2) Better access to finance after independence to further accelerate the development of high-technology value-added products for microelectronics; 3) Future management efficiency and development prospects are expected to increase in combination with incentives for corporate executives and core cadres.
The Division brings with it elasticity in performance; 2) the expansion of micro-electronics and the continuous upgrading of product technology will provide further impetus to the profitability of and barriers to the products of the parent company's various intelligent wholesomes; 3) it is expected that the higher value of capital will be obtained through the listing of subsidiaries and the optimal allocation of resources; 4) it will further consolidate the zero-sum strategy of 4+4+n and enhance the competitive edge of core technologies.
Figure 24: Corporate sip technology and product layout 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals 2022 Growth: high growth in vr product sales, represented by oculus, sony, pico
There has been a significant increase in business collections, and game machine replacements have contributed to the collection and increase in profits; at the same time, large domestic customers have increased their availability and sales, and large North American clients have increased their sales of smart audio terminals, increased single-machine usage and higher corporate shares have continued to grow in their sonar and mems microphone operations (precision zero components).
2023 and beyond: new products from the main clients of vr/ar are being released and joint work is being developed with more technology giants to boost significant growth in the operation of smart hardware; sales of single items such as game machines, wearables, smart sound boxes, both domestic and foreign, are causing market concern and income growth and are expected to move gradually into the big offshore customer watch business.
Business; the tws headphones industry continues to develop steadily, with the new and new products of large clients, Andres client value increases expected to boost sales, while the electronic voice zero component and mems microphone global leadership are consolidated; precision zero components are further expanded; products such as linear motors, wireless chargers, sips, mems sensors, etc., bring new income and performance elasticities and increase their performance.
The overall Māori ratio has been slightly reduced with an increase in the business-wide ratio, and improvements in controls and resource optimization have continued to raise the efficiency of the Division’s operations and the level of net interest rates.
We've chosen to create sophisticated, crystallized, multi-fold, and 2023pe 26.52 times more advanced devices, such as optical components, that also provide consumer electronics. We believe that the company's potential catalytic future is expected to manifest itself in three ways — vr industrial dynamics and contribution to the company's performance, vr. sales and profit margins of the company's major product lines, vr., V.
1) vr/ar industry underdevelopment: the long-term growth of the company ' s vr/ar business is related to industrial development, with the risk of less development than expected. 2) Other products are not sold as expected: tws headphones, games, smart wear, etc.
During this period, it will affect the growth of corporate business as a whole. (3) The risk of further deterioration in international relations: a deterioration in trade relations between China and the United States will have a direct or indirect negative impact on the business of the company’s major clients in North America.
Appendix: Ghor Basics and Stock Price Recompires for Different Development Times Phase I (2008-2010): Consuming core large clients such as Three Stars, lg, Unions, full access to intelligent cellular phones and the rapid growth dividend of computers
After breaking out of 100 million smartphones worldwide in 2007, the rapid growth phase began, reaching 300 million smart phones in 2010 and 46 per cent in the capr in the period from 08 to 10, while the pc stock also grew rapidly, with a short downswing of about 8.5 per cent (08q4-09q2 Gool) in 2008-2010 due to financial distress.
Market perception changes: since the inception of the market, there has been a rapid growth trend in industry and corporate performance as a whole, high competitiveness of the core, an increase in valuation levels and stock price performance along with the underlying landscape, high growth in performance and demand.
Rapid creation, lack of historical awareness, etc., determines the scale of valuation upwards. The core factors for ups and downs: the international environment, quarterly performance, and rapid penetration of client demand, among others.
(a) \triangleright mid-09 performance turning point, adding terminal restoration, market moods rebounding;
High quarterly performance growth from the beginning of the decade (principal client smarts, low base for the same period of the previous year); \triangleright, industry into high-speed growth lanes in mid-10 years (issued in June in iPhone 4), valuations maintained high water levels and seasons
\triangleright performance is expected to be accompanied by continued growth and decline in the industry;
\triangleright speeds up its client growth and values the water level as high as ever before. Global smartphones, smart tablets, smart TVs, etc., have seen an explosive growth over the years, with companies accompanying large customers.
Full access to the fast-growing dividends of smart end products, with net profit on collection and repatriation from 4.1 billion and 530 million, respectively, in 11 years. Figure 30: Year-on-year sales of Apple phones. Figure 31: Stage II smartphones are on the rise
Figure 32: Performance of the Gore stock price stage Changes in market perception: corporate performance accompanied by large client eruptions and high growth in industry climates, valuation hub rises, narrow inter-segment fluctuations, stable overall valuation levels, rapid and long-term stable high valuations, performance forecasts
The period continues to rise; then the strategic layout of the emerging smart terminal will gradually define a multi-wheel-driven long-term strategy. The core factor of the stock price rises and falls is mainly associated with a rapid upward trend in performance and overall sales of iphones, with fluctuations in performance expectations over the period.
After the switch in the valuation at the beginning of November, the sales of iPhones were optimistic and gradually raised the company's performance expectations for the year; \triangleright, among other things, caused a rapid recovery of emotions;
The valuation level has remained generally stable, with stock prices responding to quarterly good performance; 13-yeara client ratios have gradually increased, and high sales of iphones have driven the market to a new high on company performance \triangleright
The company's performance is expected to begin to display a low-season rhythm; The 13-year layout of new and emerging areas such as wearable and home gamers, accompanied by the release of new products from downstream customers (ps4, etc.), opens up new expectations for performance growth.
The growth of smart phones began to slow from the end of 14 years, the growth of corporate revenue began to slow from 14q4 and profits. The corporate strategy began to shift: the business orientation of the layout: “Speak Up, Wearable, Sensor, Precision”, and the development of integrated products such as acoustic technology, photovoltaic technology, mems technology, wireless communication technology, software technology, etc.
Platforms, active deployment of smart equipment, vr/ar, etc. Technology reserves. Market perception changes: large clients ' share of the electric voice is stable, high performance growth is over, valuation hubs are down, inter-zone fluctuations are further reduced, strategic layouts such as R & D inputs, fund-raising, etc. are gradually gaining market recognition for the four key areas of the future.
Towards (smart sound, smart entertainment, smart wear, smart home), up and down core factors: slightly lower performance, emerging areas of layout, stock prices are largely stable, subdued by 15 years of quarterly performance, corporate performance affects market expectations for the entire 15-year period, and profit projections are widespread
15q4 Rapid market sentiment phase IV (2016-2017) with iphone6s issued, high order viewing and high year-round sales: increased cellular voice value, high business expectations of vr/ar clients, slower sales of mobile phones, doubling the value of zero components of electrophones, total delivery in 2016 in the ready-to-use equipment market
160 million (+29% yoy), in addition to which vr/ar is one of the major innovations in the electronics sector of consumption during this period; companies have accelerated their overall layout in the areas of vr/ar, smart wear, smart sound boxes, and the listing of new products has led to performance growth.
16 stock price shocks throughout the year, 16 q4 new products such as small drops in sales of iphones, vr and game parts, and the market gradually raised expectations of innovation and sales of iphonex in the following year (then named after the iphone 8 series), doubling the number of zero components in the electric sound to represent, as an advance for 17 years.
17q1-q3 with high quarterly growth (electric sound +vr) and year-round high expectations of gradual landing and small upswings, stock prices accompanied by steady improvement and valuation of water levels largely unchanged; 17q4, iphonex with less than expected sales, insufficient expectations of innovation in the following year, and flat value for money.
\triangleright Phase V (2018): The fall in cellular sales, the deterioration of patterns and vr/ar was not as expected, and corporate revenue fell for the first time since it was marketed.
Smart cellular output was negative on the same scale, electricity competitive pressures were exacerbated (set-in, price of Māori) and the vr/ar market was not as well developed as expected, with company receipts falling for the first time in 2018 (-7 per cent) since listing.
\triangleright \triangleright
The company’s stock of tws, smart twarts and equipment technology brought about a rapid release of performance, and the company entered the international major clienta tws headphones supply chain in 2018, accompanied by a rapid outbreak of tws headphones and company traffic.
Rapid growth in production-line profitability, rapid growth in corporate revenue and profits, and continued over-performance in the quarter; while industries such as vr/ar were expected to grow rapidly in the 5g era, long-term growth prospects were optimistic. Corporate governance continued to improve, resource allocation was optimized, 4+4 strategic directions were well positioned, profitability and opportunities were captured.
Market perception changes: from the collapse of faiths to the crutch of performance, from the optimization of regulation to control of the wind, from the over-performance of expectations to the long-term space, the market has come to recognize one of the corporate consumer electronic poles, with a market value out of hundreds of billions and with support.
Core factors for ups and downs: high performance growth plus a double increase in profit expectations and valuation premiums in the tws headphone industry, while long-term spaces such as vr/ar continue to attract market interest, valuations imagine that space will be opened again after 2010; environmental factors such as the epidemic during the period and the relationship between China and the United States disturb market expectations for corporate profitability.
At the beginning of the 19th year, a gradual breakthrough in the airpods capacity, a 19q1 performance trap, a valuation at the bottom of history and a combination of multiple factors, such as the \triangleright spring fixture, began to reverse the stock price, but the 19-year performance expectations were not clear.
(b) 20o1-o2, the epidemic caused successive supply/demand disruptions, the market built a year-long industry export outlook, and companies.
\triangleright oculusvr is optimistic, the market is rapidly raising 20-21 years of profit expectations and valuation of water levels; 20q4 cases, the market outlook is 21 years of tws upswing to value underwater repairs, but still recognizes corporate performance
Phase VII (2021): changes in corporate and industry fundamentals that accompany the outbreak of vr clients: 1) continued to fall off the cliff of the demand of the airpods since the beginning of the 21st century, with a persistently low capacity utilization rate; 2) maintained high sales since the quest2vr went on the market in 20q4 and continued to rise in the volume of goods delivered in the 21th quarter; 3)
The Division continues to improve controls and optimize resources, with a clear strategic orientation of 4+4 to ensure a sustained increase in the profitability of products such as vr; and 4) a proliferation of new products from other monoliths and important clients.
Performance continues to outpace expectations, and the universe offers long-term space, and markets further recognize the position of a company’s consumer electronic leader, with a market value close to $200 billion and a supporting base. Repairs, but the company’s share has increased rapidly, resulting in a rapid return of stock prices with a supporting position; and 2) corporate performance of 21q1 is over-predictable.
During the period, the market became aware of the high expectations of vr sales and profitability; 3) the 21q2 market validated the high year-round growth guidelines from the vr chain sections, and the expected increase in output; 4) the company made a monthly breakthrough in August 21 in millions of cases, reported excess expectations, strong demand in vr, and stock-marketers raised their prices; 5) the volume of airpods 3 at the beginning of October 21
Monthly market booms and pushes forward future vr expectations, companies are the core target and future growth is certain Recapitulation concludes: pessimism caused by the external environment also breeds opportunities for solid development in the past years, with a volatile environment and a highly volatile market expectation, but companies do not.
The firm value of the company is highlighted by the steady upswing in objective and strong performance and the solid footprints that go forward. The pessimism and short-term effects of the external environment also give rise to opportunities that only by building core competitiveness and increasing it can the industry’s future be captured and sustained.
Figure 49: The suppression of the external environment will eventually stop at the firm's core competitiveness.