The Beijing Bank (stock code: 601169) incident: the company published its semi-annual report for 2024.
Overall performance was robust: 2024h1, with companies achieving a net profit of 35.544 billion yuan and a decrease of 0.6 percentage points. Corporate performance continued to grow robustly on a quarterly basis, mainly as a result of an expansion in loan size and improved net interest earnings from optimized end-of-debt costs, as well as investment returns
The decline in Nim at Zhang's 1st latitude was narrow, loans in deposit continued to expand more rapidly, and cost management of liabilities was effective: 2024h1, with net corporate interest revenue of $25.536 billion, an increase of 3.84 per cent over the previous quarter and the same period last year.
There was an improvement; the net interest differential was 1.47 per cent, a decrease of 7bp from the previous year, which was significantly slower than the same period in the previous year, mainly to optimize the cost of the end of the liability. Of this, interest-bearing asset returns fell by 9bp from the same year and interest-bearing liability cost by 4bp from the same date.
At the end of June, corporate lending grew by 7.56 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. Of this total, public loans grew by 17.46 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, and corporate finance, inclusive finance, corporate green loans, and manufacturing loans, respectively, were well managed at the end of the year.
2024h1, the company ' s savings rate decreased by 8bp on a year-on-year basis, benefiting mainly from the finer management of deposit pricing.Incentives from intermediate operations continued to grow at a faster rate: 2024h1, the company ' s non-interest income fell by 0.01 percentage points from the beginning of the year; the property deficit was 2.14 per cent, down 1.46 percentage points from the beginning of the year.
Investment proposals: the company is deep in Beijing and insists on a digital transformation leading to five major transformations. Loans are growing rapidly in the public business-focused areas, retailing is moving deeper, a life-cycle retail financial services system is being built, revenue contributions are increasing, aum is stable at over 100 billion and growing faster; and the debt-front core is still growing.
We continue to look forward to the future of the company, together with corporate fundamentals and equity elasticity, maintaining a “recommended” rating, and the risk that the weakening of the 2024-2026 bvps model will slow the credit growth rate.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.