A steady growth in performance, with a concentration of services focus areas: on 25 August, the Transport Bank issued a 23-year mid-year report. 23h1 achieved $137.2 billion in revenue, yoy+4.8 per cent; net profit return to mothers was $46 billion, yoy+4.5 per cent; poor rate of 1.35 per cent, with 193 per cent coverage.
As of 23h1, the cumulative revenue is increasing at the same rate (if no special mention is made, the \triangleright drop by 1.1 pct is mainly affected by other non-interest income declines. Dismantling of the revenue, net interest income is increasing at the same rate as in the previous year.
Although still negative, a decrease of 1.3 pct over 23q1 was largely supported by a sharp reduction in net interest differentials; net hands, earnings from surcharges increased by 6.9 pcc more than 23q1 more than the same rate, benefiting mainly from the effect of the replacement of agent income at the same rate, while a significant decline in earnings from exchange rates and exchange rates was a core drag, mainly with multiple United States dollar discounts.
As of 23h1, total loans were 23q1 times higher than the corresponding rate of increase.
A decrease of 0.9 pct to 10.0 per cent, but strong support was maintained in the national priority areas, with medium- and long-term loans from domestic manufacturing, green credit and loans from strategic emerging industries increasing by 28.7 per cent in late 22 years, and research assistant in Bowen.
Lending has been successful, with the domestic private consumption balance increasing by almost 40 per cent from the beginning of the year, partially compensating for the negative growth in mortgage lending.
There is still a downside from the year, but there is a clear upturn in the rates of return on cash, peer assets and financial investments; interest-bearing liability costs; determined service to the “big man of the country”, steady improvement in asset quality - 2 in the 23q2 report on the need for commercial banks to maintain a reasonable margin of profit and net interest, adding 2 interest reductions
2. At the third quarter of 2022, the Bank of Transport (601328.sh), the cost of the liability was driven down, thereby contributing to the net difference.
In mid-2022, the Transport Bank (601328.sh) reported a slight increase of 1bp, with an increase in the rate of concern and delays compared with the beginning of the year, mainly due to the impact of individual loans, in particular, the steady performance rate, which was supported by a sharp reduction in the net interest margin and the negative growth in net interest income.
(b) \triangleright Figure 1: The rate of growth in the performance of transport banks up to 23h1 per year (cumulative)
Figure 2: Bank of Transport net interest income as at 23h1, increase in median and year-on-year ratios (cumulative) Figure 3: Bank of Transport other non-interest income as at 23h1 increase in year-on-year rates (cumulative) Figure 4: Bank of Transport total assets as at 23h1 increase in total loans on year-on-year basis
Figure 5: Total liabilities as at 23h1, total deposits as at rate of increase, Figure 8: Bank of Transport as at 23h1 Undesirable Rates, Figure 9: Bank of Transport as at 23h1 Levels
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.