The seafood industry (603288) reports a robust and growth-neutral approach to building barriers to competition (for the first time covered)
Wang Young-jung (Research Assistant) Lu Chow Wei (Research Assistant) is an absolute leader in three categories, expanding the product-based uplifting ceiling:
The company is the absolute leader in the appetizer industry, with a market share of more than 7%, and is still at a low level compared to mature markets such as Japan (with a capital market share of more than 30%); the three main categories of soy sauce, soy sauce and aphid oil are the industry’s top and soy oil markets are close to 16%. Annual revenues of $8.8 billion (yoy16.6%); and it is expected to sustain 15% growth, benefiting from the expansion of popular catering and the upgrading of consumption structures.
(2) The quail market is still growing rapidly in consumer education and culture, with companies accounting for 40 per cent of the market share, more than six times the number of products in the second place and 60 per cent below the price of the same grade, and the public sector is expected to benefit from the industrial growth dividend in the process of future promotion of the aphid oil from the south to the north, with a 20 per cent increase in high-value products.
(3) With the variety and variety of products in the sauce market, which have the potential to produce the next big monolith, the company is now mainly pouring rice sauce, targeting a group of 140 million white collars and 26 million college students, and the current combination of “mixing” sauce is still a competition for the blue sea, with strong market demand complemented by branding and channeling, with high growth expected under a low base and expected to be sold over 300 million over 18 years.
Ten thousand tons of vinegar, 50,000 tons of alcohol production, and acquisition of Dan and vinegar industries, and the Yangtze milk. Inner + outreach actively promotes multi-goods operations, upgrades in scale + cost control, and leads in management efficiency.
This sum of $2726 per ton, with a steady drop, has raised the cost input space (13.6 per cent of the sales cost in 2017, sales cost inputs over $400 million in research and development for product renewal and improvement of production processes, as well as high technology productivity through self-research and acquisition of machinery and equipment, at the end of the workforce (1374 tons per producer per year) and at the end of the manufacturing cost (average manufacturing).
Cost is $284 per ton. The size effect and effective cost control have enabled companies to form strong moats and barriers to competition at the operational management level. The Māori and net interest rates of companies in the third quarter of 2018 were 46.47% and 24.64% respectively, both of which resulted in higher repurchase rates compared to brand + channel construction of the same type.
The company is the only national brand in the taste making industry, with up-to-and-down bargaining power and pricing dominance. Channel ends have built a marketing network with over 2,600 distributors, over 16,000 conglomerates and over half a million direct-control outlets, and have sold hundreds of millions in 31 inland provinces and more than 90% of the provinces.
High rates and high repurchase rates; high competition at the household level; high consumer resilience; strong corporate competitiveness, particularly in the most competitive supermarkets, have gradually risen to 35.77 per cent, benefiting from new market openings and higher repurchase rates for stock users, and by virtue of branding and channel advantages, to see the company ' s future repurchase rate rise further.
We've got a report on the depth of the seafood industry, guangzhenghangseng.
1. Corporate Profile: The 100-year-old leader in the spice industry, the absolute industry leader, three core categories of products with a multi-dimensional lead: companies are professional spice producers and marketing companies, producing products covering sauce, aphids,
The sale and market share of soy sauce, vinegar, wine, spice juice, chicken sperm, chicken powder, rotting milk, among others, are among the hundreds of large varieties. The company has a long history of dating back to the Foshan Salmon Garden, which began to flourish in the year of the Ching-Ying-Ying Chilong Long, more than 300 years from now, and is one of the first companies to be published by the Ministry of Commerce as the "China Old Word" company; it's a leader, the company's market value, revenue, and the company's market value.
Both profits and sales are in the top of the industry, with five large single items with more than a billion sales, and are absolute leaders in the industry; brand values are high and for five years in a row, and technology is in the forefront, and companies are committed to the transmission and updating of traditional brewing processes using modern scientific research techniques, and are trying to build a world-class, world-class, spice production base.
After two important stages, the shift has taken on new dynamics: the growth of the company is due in part to its long history and to each other.