The seafood industry (603288) food and beverages perform like a rock, long-term quality option, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Recommended logic: Consumer goods focus on products, brands, and channels, and sea weather is at the top of the line in the entire taste making industry. Consumer investment focuses on a good competitive pattern, long-term robust growth, buying and holding at the right price. The spice is currently the best in the food and beverage industry.
The good sub-industry, which is also a rare company, has the genes to grow into a great company. With the rising shareholding ratio, the company valuation system is moving closer to overseas, and industry prospects are good, with robust growth, strong cash flow, and high-quality firms in high-roe enjoying a premium on valuation over the next three years.
Maintain 16 per cent of the combined growth rate (better growth) and more than 30 per cent of the roe (better profitability) and the current valuation is good in the QE industry: 1, downstream demand, stable growth rate: driven by a steady demand for food production, increased frequency of meals and rising consumption of household channels, the flavour industry will remain in place for years to come
The increase in volume prices is expected to maintain a high-digit rate of growth, with a relatively high temperature in all food beverage plates.
Smaller, insensitive prices, easy transfer of cost pressures by firms through price increases, corporate profitability stability, good: 3, fragmented industry, increased concentration is the long-term logic: the conservatism industry as a whole has a capacity of over 300 billion.
Sea weather, as a convenor, product and channel, has a strong competitive advantage.
In the growth space, the oil is being extended from regional to national markets, with a high share of the three core businesses, showing a high growth rate of Maori; the expansion of other products, the gradual enrichment of the product matrix, and the establishment of platform-based enterprises.
The channels cover more than 60 per cent of county towns, and the channels are sunk enough to cover far more than the competition; (2) the penetration of the main channels is increasing, the catering channels are well established, the product structure is upgraded as a breakthrough point for the future; ka channels are highly branded and the market is raised; and promotion of interaction with distributors is promoted in the circulation channels.
The three main channels are expected to go hand in hand, ensuring robust and sustained performance growth. Quality management is prominent, and highroe is sustainable in the long term. Roe maintains 30% + for the main reason: 1 net profit.
Rates increase steadily: 1) Māori ratio rises steadily: economies of scale + refined production, cost controls in place; product structural upgrades + direct price increases, ton prices rise steadily; 2) cost controls are reasonable, precision management is prominent, and model effects are highlighted. 2), operational efficiency is improved, fine management of production, logistics and distributors is refined and capital is accelerated
Production and turnover speed; 3. Financial leverage is healthy, interest-free liabilities generated by the use of upstream and downstream funds are safe and theoretically enhanced by increased financial leverage. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
Seafood industry valuations have never been low, but it is the best strategy to maintain the “buy-in” rating, given the firm position of the corporate industry and the strong characterization of performance growth, that it has the genetic power to grow into a great company in the future, buy at a relatively reasonable price, and time to be friends, and enjoy the compound benefits of growth.
1. Sea weather industry (603288): steady performance as a rock, sea weather (2018-04-26) 4. Sea weather industry (603288): rising volume and steady growth
Ken, where the advantage of the tap is clear (2018-03-23),1 where the market believes that the market for soy sauce has gone through a high pace of development and that there is limited room for future growth. 1) In our opinion, although the penetration rate of soy sauce is already high and there is limited room for growth, it is much closer to dietary habits in Japan than in Japan.
By contrast, there is still room for increasing consumption per capita, and the future growth of the soy sauce market is not only in terms of volume growth, but also in terms of quality and price increases. Under the consumption escalation trend, the product is moving towards higher end, diversification, branding, a ton price increase, and profit space increase. 2) From the firm’s perspective, the company, though large in size, still has regional coverage.
There is room for the growth potential of weak markets, such as the Midwest, and the sea sky, as the absolute leader of the soy sauce industry, has a strong pricing advantage in the area of soy sauce, where price increases and product structure upgrades also contribute to the growth of the industry. So, we believe that the growing ceiling in the soy sauce industry is far from being achieved.
2. The market considers the sea weather to be overvalued, and we believe that: 1) we recognize that peg>2, the sea weather valuation is really not low in terms of the speed of the increase and the compatibility of the valuation; 2) as China’s foreign holdings increase, the corporate valuation system gradually converges with the overseas, growing robustly, cash flows and highroe become indicators for measuring high quality enterprises, with foreign tasters growing with only one digits but still with a valuation.
More than 20 times, in contrast, the sea sky is still growing well, enjoying a reasonable premium on valuation; (3) historically, the sea sky valuation has never been lower, it is almost 30 times higher, and the best investment strategy for high-quality enterprises is to buy and hold at the right price and enjoy the compound of growth.
2. Foreign capital is entering the country more widely, and the valuation system is moving towards overseas, with a rise in the savvy industry and high-quality flagship valuations. Food safety risks, high volatility in raw material prices, product sales or unexpected expectations.
Seaday is the leader of the domestic taste-teating industry, dating back to the Buddha's Salt Garden, which began to flourish during the Qing Dynasty year, and is now over 300 years old, and one of the first companies to be called the Chinese Old Word. The company's products cover a series of hundreds of products such as soy sauce, osteoporium, vine, wine, rotting milk, chicken sperm, chicken powder, etc., selling over 10 billion dollars a year.
Su has two major production bases, which together have 18,480 tons of soy sauce, 300,000 tons of soy sauce, 630,000 tons of soybean oil, 220,000 tons of vinegar, and 50,000 tons of wine. Companies sell their products all over the country, and their products sell overseas.
1.1 Management-owned, civil-business dynamism Corporate-equity structure: the company ' s formerly popularly owned Fushan City Hai-Tian-Fuen Food Company, converted to statehood in 1995