The 23q2 company has continued the trend of a quarterly reversal of profits, and the semi-annual review of the year 2023 by the Energy International (600011), with billions of dollars and a year-on-year gain. The company’s profits have increased on a year-on-year basis, mainly because (1) the price of coal combustion in the country is the same.
The combined effect of the decline and the increase in power volumes; (2) a substantial increase in the profits of the company ' s business in Singapore over the same period. 23q2, the company achieved a revenue of $60,763 million, an increase of 17.71 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $4,058 million for the return of the mother, continuing the trend of a quarterly loss.
Companies benefit from falling coal price volatility. 23h1, domestic coal supply remains high, imported coal supply is increasing at the same rate, demand for non-electric coal is not as high as expected, stocks are at historically high levels, coal supply and demand are shifting from tight balance to easing, and coal prices are falling. 23h1,
The company accumulated 105 million tons of coal, an increase of 18.72 per cent over the same year; the company's performance on the cumulative coal cut-off bill improved with a pre-tax profit of 942 million yuan on the 23h1 pyrotechnic plate, an increase of 9,686 million yuan over the same period.
A total of 1,29995 megawatts (MW) and 21,148 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity grids in the first half of the year. More than 55% of the coal-fired units in the company are large units of over 600,000 kilowatts, including 16 supercritical supercritical units of 1 million kilowatt class already in production and the first ultracritical double in the country.
Coal-fired generators for reheating technologies. At the same time, companies have accelerated the green low-carbon transformation, increasing the proportion of low-carbon clean energy loaders to 28.02%. 23h1 technology conversions are continuing.
The work has been fully completed and the indicators have been evaluated by the Group of Experts for meeting the contract requirements; 700°C high-temperature boiler tubes have been evaluated through the national boiler and pressure container tender committee. The combustion engine has been self-incorporated ton/year CO2 capture unit. The power plant successfully delivered a maximum capacity of 5mw superelectric power worldwide.
A storage system. A total of 184 patents for inventions, 1502 new and practical patents and 30 international patents are authorized.
Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use all categories of our Division who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.