And there's still room for improvement in the profits from fire and electricity.
Wong Soo-jee Jung Han-lin issued an announcement that expected 2023h1 to achieve a net return to the mother of $5.75-675 billion, which was reversed by the comparison; expected deductions are not expected to return to the mother
This is the combined effect of a decline in domestic coal-fired prices and an increase in electricity levels. Second, the company’s profits in Singapore have increased significantly. Currently, coal prices are still low, and, as of 12 July 2023, coal powered in the port of Qin (5,500 kcals) stood at $715/ton; and, as of 14 July 2023, the Indonesian coal bank in the port of Guangzhou (5,500 kcals) has raised a price of $909/ton.
With regard to new energy sources, the size of the company’s new energy loadings has continued to increase, with 2023h1, the company’s new wind and photovoltaic capacity rising by 408.6 and 2497.49mw, respectively, and its capacity for new energy loadings increasing its support performance. As a result of the fall in coal prices, the annual contribution of new energy sources was $7.61 billion, and the performance of fire power and other contributions amounted to $4.91 billion.
Q2 performance loops have improved significantly, combined with a significant increase in corporate profits in Singapore, with a steady increase in electricity on the grid and a significant increase in the number of new energy sources on the Internet.
One million kWh (+72.04%), 327 million kWh of hydropower (-35.83%) and 455 million kWh of bioelectric power generation (+24.66%). 2023h1, due to economic recovery and high-temperature weather, electricity consumption has increased throughout the society; water shortages have resulted in a significant decrease in hydroelectric power generation across the country; and companies have made reasonable arrangements for the operation and overhaul of fire power units to provide peaks in supply, with more electricity generated by fire power than before. At the same time, companies have increased wind power and light.
The size of new energy installed continues to grow. As new energy installed, green power trading, and carbon trading move forward, the company’s profit structure will continue to optimize.
Figure 1: Power plants in the company have access to electricity on a combined basis (millions of kilowatt-hours), electricity on the Internet (millions of kilowatt-hours) The price of coal has remained low and there is still room for improvement in the company's performance
In the first half of 2023, coal prices were still low, with a flat price of $715 per ton for power coal (5,500 kcal) in the port of Qin as of 12 July 2023; and 909 kyats per ton for storage in the port of Guangzhou (5,500 kcal) as of 14 July 2023. Overall, low coal prices will help further increase the company ' s profits from fire power.
There is still room for improvement in the performance of fire power. While accelerating the construction of new energy sources, leading to new levels of performance, during the “145” period, the company will continue to promote the construction of new energy projects, which will be added in the future as prices are lowered upstream and windmills fall in the chain of the photovoltaic industry.
With the construction of the Fast Wind Project, it is expected that the future company’s new energy projects will accelerate their landing and complete the company’s planned 40-gw load target. The new energy project delivery will be an important driver of growth in corporate performance and guarantee a steady growth in corporate performance in the future.
High Coal Prices (600011.sh) - High Coal Prices and Low Utilisation Delayed Performance, New Energy Profit Increases 23%, Unpaid Subsidised Cash Flows - Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author