FLET (601865) Building materials with slightly higher performance and continued investment of high-quality production in the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The performance was slightly higher than expected, and the operations kept growing at a high rate. The price of 2021h1 light glass to achieve business income was 33.25 voltage glass, with a sharp downward adjustment of 2021q2, and the company increased production of thin glass and large-sized glass by nearly 39 times the same year, while the Māori rate was 41.65 per cent, with a significant increase of 34.27 pp.
If a company’s floating glass line was repaired in November 2019, it will only be refired in August 2020. The household glass business achieved operating income of $178 million, an increase of 42.58 per cent, and the Maori rate of 35.31 per cent, an increase of 12.88 pp.. The engineering glass business generated operating income of $304 million, an increase of 65.38 per cent;
High-quality production capacity continues to be delivered, and the market competitiveness and size advantages are further enhanced. By the end of 2020, the company’s photovoltaic glass smelting volume was 6,400 tons per day. 2021q1 was newly launched as a 1,200-ton production line, Viet Nam as a 1,000-ton production line, and 2021q2 as a 1,200-ton production line was set on fire and put into operation.
• By the end of last year, the company and Lungi have continued to grow in size and size.
By the end of 2021h1, the company’s contract for increased production capacity was concentrated. The company ensured that the additional production capacity was digested by signing a long list with its component customers.
One light-voltage glass track is growing faster, with production capacity multiplying and the world’s leading producer of light-voltage glass, a+h, on the market.
In 2006, the company took the lead in breaking the technological monopoly of overseas firms on super-white-pressureed glass, which was nationalized and became the first in the country in 2008 and the fourth in the world to obtain Swiss spf-certified light glass.
Businesses. Companies have industry leading skills and strong R & D capabilities, with 115 patents, and state-of-the-art technologies in photovoltaic glass are recognized by the national torch scheme. As one of the largest producers of photovoltaic glass in the world and in China, companies have been involved in setting standards for the light glass industry.
The company’s first shareholder is the Hong Kong Central Bank Accountant (Agent) Limited, i.e., the stockholder holds a total share. The company actually controls the head of the board.
The top four shareholders of the company together hold 72.9% of the shareholdings and are highly concentrated. The chairman of the company, Nguyen Hongh Liang, has absolute control over the company, which in part guarantees its continued sound operation.
In recent years, corporate revenues and profits have increased as a result of the growth of the photovoltaic industry and the structural price of glass. In comparison with the revenues, corporate revenues were derived mainly from photovoltaic glass, accounting for $3.325 billion in the first half of 2021, representing an increase of 56.22 per cent, or 82.54 per cent of the total.
At the same time, companies benefited from price dividends from the tight supply of photovoltaic glass in q4 to 2021q1 in 2020, resulting in a significant increase in profitability. In the first half of 2021, companies achieved a net return profit of 1,261 million yuan, an increase of 173.66 per cent over the same period, and in 2021, the cost control of companies was good and the Māori rate remained largely stable at over 30 per cent.
Direct materials (stone sand, pure alkali, etc.) and fuel power (oil-type fuel, gas, electricity, etc.) account for about 80% of production costs. Corporate cost-control capabilities are at the forefront of the industry, mainly as a result of the company’s 18 million tons of high-quality rock or sand mining rights, which can stabilize the company’s supply of high-quality and low-priced raw materials, and lock in the cost of purchasing stone or sand to the other side.
In the meantime, the company has reduced the cost of fuel power by entering the stock market, funding the establishment of the Fengyang Furlet Gas Pipeline, and co-financing with China and China Oil to set up the Fengyang Oil Co. With good cost-control capabilities of the company, profitability is good, and the Māori rate has been stable at more than 30% a year.
Since 2020, major global economies have announced energy-saving reductions and carbon-neutral targets, which are the driving force behind long-term growth stability.
On the other hand, with the increased penetration of two-bob components, the demand for photovoltaic glass will accelerate. Compared to the single-bob component, the two-bond group.
After 2018, driven by a pilot project, the city began to increase, and the penetration of the two-bond components rose to 29.7% in 2020, up 15.7 percentage points from the same year. As the advantages of the two-bond components become more apparent, penetration is expected to continue.
The back of the two-bond component is replaced by glass instead of transparent backboards, so that the demand for light glass is expected to increase as the penetration of the two-bob component rises, and production capacity doubles, and the company’s share is expected to rise. The current pattern of the photovoltaic glass industry is “double head” 2020.
By the end of 2020, the company had a capacity of 6,400 tons per day, and, according to the Department’s current production plan, the entire line of production will be delivered after delivery. By the end of 2022, it will be 19,200 tons per day, with capacity expected to double.
Since 2021, companies have had long single coverage with downstream components, with contract performance lasting up to three years, effectively safeguarding the company’s demand for goods over the next two years. Considering the further increase in the share of two-bond components at a later stage, the volume of single purchases is expected to grow gradually from 2022 to 2023.
Table 2: Long-sale contracts with downstream components to effectively secure shipments over the next two years
Assumption 2: The floating glass business resumed in 2021 with the winding-up of the French line in August 2020. Assumption 3: With the opening of the engineering glass market and the upgrading of product power, future sales will increase by about 20 per cent, and prices will be stable. Assumption 4: Household glass, mining products, income levels of other products and Māori rates will remain relatively stable.
We have selected four mainstream companies in the photovoltaic industry, 66 times the average in 2020 and 56 times the average in 2021. The company now has 254,000 tonnes of total capacity per day, which will be concentrated over the next three years.
2. The risk of a significant increase in the cost of raw materials and fuel is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consultancy business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silent use of securities evaluated or recommended in this report with the knowledge of the authors. If you are not a professional investor in the company's clients, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect the company’s judgement on the date of publication of this report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report.
At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and the company does not guarantee that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should take care of the corresponding updates or modifications.
Neither does it constitute an investment proposal for any individual.