Peace Bank (000001): Tri-quarter review, 2020.
Incidents: The first three quarters of the Bank were attributed to the Bank’s net profit growth rate of 5.2% (midtime rate increase - 11.2%), and third,  profitability projections and investment proposals: emphasis was placed on the Bank’s recommendations, and the value of the bank’s share was restored. The Bank’s net profit rate for the third quarter was positive and its profits were significantly warming, while its asset quality indicators were significantly higher than expected, with a negative rate compared to the two seasons.
At this point, emphasis is placed on safe banking: 1 at the industry level, where the high-quality bank share gains begin to warm; at the company level, the current value of the safe bank is still relative.
Low, with a positive year-round increase in profits expected to be positive, and a high year-round elasticity in 2021. We expect the Bank of Peace 2020, which maintains its “buy-in” rating, to be recommended as a central bank priority.
The net profit fell by 5.2 per cent over the same period, and the credit cut was 53.741 billion yuan, an increase of 32.4 per cent over the same period, but in the third quarter, the quarterly net profit increased at a rate of +6.1 per cent over the same period.
At the operational level, strategic clients with a high-quality focus on the public lines of business under the business-level strategy have dropped significantly since the end of 2019 by 98bp to 1.31% and risk holding.
The “double drop” in the three quarters of  resulted from the large write-off of non-performing loans. The bank’s negative rate at the end of September was $38,233 million at the end of the year, mainly due to the increase in the write-off of non-performing loans in the three quarters.
The sale of the loan of $40,402 million, of which $20,981 million was written off in the first quarter of the third quarter, and the company took advantage of this year's window of “relaxing profit growth, high-value credit impairments” and used the provision to write off large amounts of non-performing loans in stock, while at the same time ensuring that the provision coverage continued up, reducing the pressure on future credit write-offs.
In addition, the rate of overdue loans at the end of the three quarters was 1.77 per cent, a decrease of 51bp from the end of June; concern was expressed at the loan rate of 1.59 per cent, a decrease of 27bp from the end of June, reflecting a decrease in the generation of new overdue loans, a further reduction in the pressure on future impairments and a positive increase in profits throughout the year.
Rates of spread are stable, pops are growing at a high rate, and wealth management fees are rising at a sharp rate. The third quarter of the Bank of Peace net interest falls by 6 bp to 2.56 per cent over the previous year, and the ring drops by 3 bp over the second quarter. The year-round return on assets remains on the downward trend, with the third quarter yield on interest-bearing assets ranged from 22 bp to 4.57 per cent below the second quarter, with loans.
The rate of return continues down from 32bp to 5.85% in the second quarter, mainly due to a lower rate of return up in the retail lending structure.
14.8 per cent, asset quality as a whole stable. Peace Group annual report, Gold Bank Resources net interest differentials are still in the lead, considering the current positive growth in credit card lending at a high rate of return.
The loan returns for the fourth quarter of 2020-02-22 will improve. Non-interest income for the third quarter is divided between operations at a rate different from that of the other quarter: 32.6 per cent of net income for the next quarter of the year from a renewal of fees and commissions, benefiting from wealth management operations such as a sales fund (the first three quarters).
Non-fund sales grew by 197.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis; however, the return on investment fell noticeably to $278 million in the first half of the year (upwards in the first half of the year); 3) public business development was not as good as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board