October 22, 2020 Peace Bank (000001.sz)
1-302020 performance rating: 30 net gains rebounded as a result of improvements in asset quality, 3 quarterly reports issued by the Peace Bank, 13 per cent to 11.6 billion net gains and 5.2 per cent net gains achieved by the company 1-3020
Twenty-four million people, of which 30 registered an increase of 8.8 per cent to $38.2 billion, with a net gain of 6.1 per cent to $8.7 billion. 30 profit gains were positive, as a result of improved credit costs for companies in the context of improved asset quality. At the income end, the net interest income increased by almost double-digit growth, as a result of credit lending in the previous three quarters.
In terms of non-interest income, the sale of funds has contributed to faster charges for the resumption of public operations. Assets have improved in terms of quality, with better quality of residential credit and corporate credit. Looking ahead, despite the pressure of interest differentials in the silver sector, retail loans have been placed in a context where the domestic epidemic is largely under control.
In summary, the sales of the Fund have improved to the point where corporate fees have been restored: in the last three quarters, fees and commission revenues have increased by 16 to 32.2 billion, with rapid growth, mainly due to better sales of the Fund and to public investment.
In the context of increased lending, interest-bearing assets have grown rapidly, pushing up net interest income by 13% to 75.2 billion. Bad rates have fallen sharply, and credit costs have been saved: in terms of asset quality, 3q20 is not.
At a rate of between 1.32 per cent at the end of the last season, qoq dropped significantly by 33bp (reflection of retail bad qoq from 24bp to 1.32 per cent, reduction of public bad qoq from 45bp to 1.31 per cent, all marginal improvements), and after the epidemic was largely contained, the quality of corporate assets recovered quickly.
Point to savings in associated credit costs. But due to asset quality recovery, coverage has increased 3bp retail customer robust growth: companies have enhanced full access to clients and full-scale business, using technology and big data to drive business strategies to promote client upgrading.
3q2020 retail clients, 10.36 million, an increase of 6.8 per cent from the beginning of the year; pocket bank app, an increase of 26 per cent from the beginning of the year. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: the recovery of the company ' s 30 performance is largely in line with our expectations, and we anticipate that
Following a marginal improvement in performance, we continue to offer “buy-in” investment proposals.
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by ... individual clients. The report could not be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to compile the report was reliable, but the report was not independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate as described in the report; @special opinion or standing, or a certificate as described in the report will be bought, sold or offered.
22 October 2020