Financial and technological empowerment, retailing for public and coordinated development.
In 2019, the company introduced the “good for the public” financial technology, retailing the public development strategy, and financial technology. The Bank of Peace strategy was well implemented, and the company built it.
China's best and leading global smart retail bank has as its strategic objective a strategic shift in science and technology-driven innovation of business models and upgrading of traditional business practices through scientific and technological means. Corporate business development is more balanced, leading to a higher average income from the industry, with the first three quarters of 2020 receiving the same income.
This represents a 13.2 per cent increase, with a breakthrough in retail transformation and a concerted public development. Since the establishment of the retail transformation strategy, the Bank for Peace has relied on group resource advantages, extensive distribution networks, a well-developed system of integrated financial products and gold.
In the first half of 2020, retail operations received 55.3% of the value of the company's revenue. In 2019, the company introduced a strategy of “betterness to the public”, using the group's combined financial advantage to achieve a breakthrough that effectively improved the public income structure, not only the public but also the financial sector.
Net interest income increased by 16.7% over the year, representing a 3.6% increase in the ratio of public operating income and an increase in the quality of assets and risk resilience.
Non-compliance rate industry. As companies adjust their operations, the burden of asset quality inventory is reduced. Against the backdrop of an increase in poor disposal in the third quarter (21 billion vs loan write-off in the first half of the third quarter, the interest-group loan ring fell by 27bp to 1.59%.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is exceeding expectations, and the epidemic has repeatedly affected company operations.