Peace Bank (000001): One season net profit has recovered significantly and asset quality has improved beyond expectations: On 21 October, Peace Bank released the third quarter 2020.
Net profit, net return to mother, 11,656 million, 83,311 million, 22,400 million per year, 13.2 per cent, 16.2 per cent, net transfer to retail banks starting in 2016, 10.4 per cent; negative rate, 1.32 per cent, 33bp; provision for 21.8.3 per cent coverage, core-level capital
The company’s banks are both lightened. Integrated finance is a company’s feature.
Review: Net profits decreased significantly in the first three quarters compared to the first half of the year. Net profits decreased by 5.2% in the first three quarters compared to the previous quarter, with the advantage that companies relied on a large personal customer base and strong declines that improved significantly in the first half of the year; net profits increased by 6.1% in the third quarter on a single quarter, benefiting mainly from the provision.
The growth rate of net interest income and non-interest income in the third quarter is 1.9 pcccccccccccccccffffffffffffffffffff.
Together with the financial products system, it was able to push for a full retail transformation, with 12 pct to 9.8%, and 7.1% of this decline in non-interest income, mainly as a result of a sharp drop in investment returns. The leading intelligent retail banks provided powerful nuclear power.
Loans have been growing at a high rate, with retail lending accelerating. The main contribution of net profit growth, as measured by profit splits, is scale. At the end of September, the balance of São Paulo bank loans stood at 2.6 trillion, an increase of 11.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, an increase of 3.6 pct more than during the same period last year; the overall credit was better than expected. Of this, the balance of retail loans was 1.5 trillion.
Recovering, retail lending accelerated recovery; increased retail loans of $81.5 billion in the first quarter of the third quarter, which is a narrower harvest than the new interest differential of the second quarter: the cost of continuing to reduce the debt burden to offset some of the impact of the lower rate of return on assets. The net interest gap for the first three quarters was 2.56 per cent, a decrease of 3bp from the first half of the year.
At the end of September, the balance of non-performing loans stood at $34.04 billion, ring.
The default rate for loans in industry was between 98bp and 1.31% lower than at the end of 19 years, and the downward trend was maintained; poor stock disposal accelerated and asset quality was further tightened. The non-performing rate for loans in the retail category was 1.32%, an increase of 13bp from late 19 years, and the quality of loans in the retail category was gradually improving, mainly as a result of sustained economic recovery.
The ratio (218%) is maintained at a relatively high level, with a sustained high risk offset capacity. Retail operations remain more resilient, with a high rate of growth in the number of private customers and aum.
At the same time, private sector operations are expanding at a faster pace. In late September, private sector clients reached the target of 5.3 million, an increase of 26.3 per cent over the end of 19 years; private sector clients aum aum exceeded the target of 100 billion, an increase of 43 per cent over the end of 19 years.
Investment recommendations: Retail transformation continues to escalate, with net profit growth remaining strong before provision. Corporate risk management is prudent, asset quality is robust, and risk offset capacity is further enhanced. Economic recovery is now more resilient, and I am tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 2: The performance of the Bank of Peace is increasing at a single season, Figure 3: The performance of the Bank of Peace is split by 1h20 and 3q20 years
Figure 4: The first three quarters of the Bank of Peace net difference of 2.56 per cent, a decrease of 3bp from the first half of the year, and Figure 6: The first three quarters of the Bank of Peace interest on assets remained stable at the same rate as the previous quarter.
Figure 7: A steady increase in retail lending at the Bank of Peace, with a small increase in retail lending by the end of September relative to the ring, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Bank of Peace ($00001): one-season net profit recovery and an over-expected improvement in asset quality
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Peacebank (00001): One-season net profits recovered significantly and asset quality improved beyond expectations.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.