Leung-jung Kai, an active retail bank that benefits from economic recovery, a warmer consumer bank, has shown a certain amount of pressure on its performance in this year's impact on the macro-level, but...
In terms of retail recipients, do big aum in the context of fast-growing retail customers, thereby deriving large amounts of deposits and achieving lower-debt-side advantages. Looking ahead, we believe that the time of the greatest pressure on the banking sector is about to pass: 1 in the context of countercyclical regulation, regulatory requirements for concessions.
In our view, in the context of a steady economic recovery, consumption has gradually recovered and business cash flows have improved, helping the banking sector both to retail and to public business.
In general, we maintain the “buy-in” investment proposal. The impact of the epidemic has led to a marginal improvement in the performance of safe banks: this year’s epidemic has hit the entire macro-level environment.
In the first three quarters of the year, according to the Bank of Peace, corporate revenues increased by 13% to 1166 million, but net gains fell by 5.2% to 22.4 billion, mainly due to interest differential pressure and higher credit costs (the first three, in terms of interest differentials).
The marginal changes show a net gain of between 8.8 and 38.2 billion in 30 battalions, with a net gain of between 6.1 and 8.7 billion, have actually entered a relatively normal growth zone. Against the background of the basic control of the domestic epidemic, we believe that this growth trend is expected to continue and that it is likely to increase.
Retail customers are growing rapidly, making auum, sending survival money: as a sticker of domestic retail banks, Peacebanks are strengthening full access to customers and full-scale business, using technology and big data to drive business strategies and promote client promotion.
The share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share would benefit fully from the company ' s retail deposits in the context of the rapid growth of retail customers and their accumulated aum, and the cost of the related retail deposits would be reduced in the context of the life-service scenario (Safe Bank individuals in the previous three quarters).
The average cost of deposits is 2.44 per cent, down 21 basis points from the same period last year.” Looking ahead: we believe that the time of greatest pressure on the banking sector is about to pass, and for next year: on the one hand, the conditions of concessionary regulatory requirements in the context of countercyclical regulation will fade; on the other hand, the conditions of concessionary policy requirements in the context of counter-cyclical regulation will fade; on the other.
On the other hand, in the context of the return to normalization of monetary policy, it is in the interest of bank asset-end pricing; and finally, in our view, in the context of a steady recovery in economic activity, consumption is gradually recovering and business cash flows are improving (m1 is returning at a monthly rate) and helping the banking sector to retail and public services (as reflected in industry)
The company's valuation is at a reasonable level, and it looks forward to the marginal improvement in its subsequent performance, and we continue to give “buy-in” to this report, which is written by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinion on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be able to account for the description in the report; @special opinions or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report.
28 December 2020