March 24, 2025, G.E.S. (stock code: 000651) 2019-2024. G.S. is in the traditional business environment, corporate and distributor interests.
The Community’s repressive stock model is one of the competitive advantages of companies. In digitalizing changes to business models, firms lag behind the industry in flattening and digitizing channels.
The company suffered from the reform of its channels, and the channels went into stock. The company’s harvest was virtually non-existent in 2018-2023, and it also fell in the air-conditioning camp as a result of the storage.
Effects, including lower price increases for first-tier distributors, elimination of second-tier distributors, and enhanced cooperation with Kyoto. Reforms are expected to continue to deepen in 2025, such as the replacement of the traditional proprietary model of the Dong Min Joo Health Home, and the creation of a hybrid operating model for under- and off-line traffic. In the second half of 2023, the company’s core will continue to grow.
The net profits of the parent company grew slowly, or even declined, from 18.4% in 2023 to 18.4% in 2023. How do we see millet, Oxy, and Ox have grown rapidly in the last few years?
The rice air conditioners sold 6.8 million units in 2024, a 50 per cent increase over the same year. But all of them started to move away from low-priced tactics, with different products released in 2024, such as double-bunk washing machines, wind blowing air conditioners, high pricing, a marked increase in the average price of electricity for each of the two q24 mills, and a slower pattern of competition in the industry.
With a good share of the market, Ox and Mi's competitive strategy is no longer based solely on a competition for value for money, but rather on increased profitability. From the warm air conditioning industry, confidence in gravity can be enhanced.
The heat pump is the main cooling or heating solution for all types of buildings around the world. Trends such as global warming, rising purchasing power in emerging-market countries, large-scale investment in data centres in advanced economies, and global warming and air conditioning market demand, China’s enterprises have much to offer.
See, channel change, rapid response to new consumer demand, 2c brand image is an important factor, but in terms of global warming and air conditioning, the core factor is the advantage of the industrial chain, the quality of the product, the combined cost, and not the logic of the consumer. Even though the 2019-2022 grid is under severe pressure to reform the channel, the industry as a whole can be explained.
The company ' s low-value valuation and its high dividends. 1) The company ' s current valuation is clearly low, considering that the second largest share of the Tokyo Interconnectivity (College of Core Dealers) is a 7.01 per cent plan to increase the value of the grid in the secondary market by $1.05 billion-2 billion, reflecting confidence in the improved development of the company ' s business.
At the level of the dividends (taking into account dividends and equity write-offs), companies’ profitability has improved in times of difficulty, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Galli began to face a more flattened channel model of beauty, rice, etc., in 2019, and companies began to reform the channel.
In 2023, the company’s revenue was largely non-growth, with core air-conditioning operations earning $155.57 billion in 2018, $151.2 billion in 2023, and a fall in air-conditioning during the period due to stock-taking, the largest of which was registered in 2020, with a marked drop in revenue. In recent years, companies have been more engaged in domestic-channel reforms, with insufficient investment in expanding overseas markets than in industries, leading to external sales.
Other power taps have been growing rapidly overseas in recent years. Corporate diversification, currently dominated by air conditioning, is still a good option, but the combinations are very competitive in the fields of air-conditioning cooling and car heat management.
There has been a decline, but it still stands at 27.2%, and the Auxes, and the refrigerators have very high tcl thinkers, which have a very high turnover of assets, and the tcl thinker’s interest multipliers are clearly high. The heating and air conditioning industry continues to grow.
Domestic air conditioners (IFAs) In 2024, household air conditioners (FACs) were one of the cooling years. In the fourth quarter of 2024, domestic sales benefited from the stimulus of the State subsidy policy, achieving a year-on-year ratio of domestic sales to +24 per cent; 96.41 million were exported in 2024, an increase of 36.08 per cent compared to the year-on-year increase of 36.08 per cent.
In early 2025, air conditioners continued to grow better. Industry online data, 14.5 million sold in air conditioners in January-February 2025, tended to buy subsidized products below the line.
In 2023, Gale’s heating was still slightly higher than America’s, and the Māori rate was the highest in China’s brand. In the first half of 2024, the U.S. government’s heating and air conditioning revenue was higher.
The scale is higher than the gravity, mainly because of mismatches in the pace of delivery, a historically low number of deliveries in the first half of the year, and a higher number of deliveries in the first half of the year. The volume of small-scale air-conditioning has increased rapidly in recent years, with 6.8 million units sold in 2024, compared to 55% in 2024, but from the size of air-conditioning revenue, we estimate that it does not account for 15% of the Goli-air-conditioning income.
(ii) Central air-conditioning (CAC) sales are under pressure, but exports continue to grow; Central air-conditioning (CAC) sales are subject to the continuing downturn in the real estate market and the slowdown in the pace of industrial investment. Industry online data, Central Air-conditioning (CAC) sales in 2024, 121.490 million yuan, a decline of 3.8 per cent compared to the previous period, is mainly due to the continuing slump in the real estate market and a slowdown in the pace of industrial investment.
In January 2025, the central air conditioner was sold on a scale of 12.19 billion yuan, a 1.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and China’s enterprises increased their global competitiveness, resulting in good export growth in recent years. Industry online data, 23.2 billion yuan in 2024, an increase of 39.8 per cent in the same year; and in January 2025, 1.75 billion yuan in export sales, an increase in the same year.
(iii) The heat pump de-stocking cycle has passed, and exports have begun to recover sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy, leading to a significant stock cycle for heat pump exports over the past two years. Since the second half of 2024, the European-American heat pump has been gradually moving out of the warehouse, with a one-month increase gradually improving. In 2025, the heat pump export was shown at the same rate as +3.7 per cent in January.
In the future, it is expected that the export of heat pumps will continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries. p/e. Given the low valuation level of companies, the high level of future dividends (taking into account dividends and equity write-offs), the company’s profitability has improved over difficult periods, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.