The performance is in line with expectations, and the development of the X86 chip in collaboration with the md is promising - three-quarterly review of China's report, on the evening of October 23, with China's three-quarter report and the company's revenue of 3,789 million in the first three quarters.
Dollars, 43.15 per cent increase in the same year; 76 million yuan gain in the net return to the mother, 1.53 per cent increase in the same year; 43.15 per cent increase in the revenue from deductions, with high-performance computers and storage operations expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
In the first three quarters, revenues of 3,789 million yuan were realized, an increase of 43.15 per cent over the previous three quarters, resulting in a net return of 76 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 1.53 per cent over the same period. The net profit increase was lower than the increase in income, mainly due to the return of 33 million yuan on the company ' s investment in 2016 to deal with Tianhai Xin. q3 revenue of 1,629 million yuan, an increase of 67.17 per cent over the same period.
High-performance computers and storage operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and in conjunction with the local government industry, the company took over to the city of Qingdao on 8 August 2017 and the city of Nanjing on 23 August 2017, where it worked with the company to establish a research base and an industrial base.
In this case, China China Dawn International Information Industries Ltd. plans to be a global research and development headquarters, with $1.4 billion in capital, and 300 million yuan in industrial support from the Government of the Sierra Region; and the China China China Dawn Institute and East Industry Base Project, with registered capital.
One billion yuan is allocated for industrial support from the Nanjing Jianging Economic and Technological Development Area. Another company, in partnership with the city of Kunshan, is to set up a secure and controlled server automation production line with an annual capacity of up to 1 million units.
The company’s cloud computing laas product is almost full coverage, and it is interesting to note the progress of collaboration with the amd in the x86 server area. China’s early light can provide almost all the servers, storage, virtualization, operating systems, etc. in the cloud computing laas service. In the x86 server product, with the amd re-entering the service.
The company will start rolling out servers based on amdepyc structures. In April 2016, the company joined forces with md to develop servers to produce x86 structures sold in China.
Sun Tianyeon, net profit loss growth of 169.64 per cent, high performance, storage of cpu, company and equity company Tianjin Hailight and amd's collaboration in the x86 server area is worth making progress.
Given the company ' s competitive power in cloud computing, the prospect of deep cooperation with md in the x86 server area, and the continued advancement of autonomous control policies, we expect companies to be able to move forward in 2017-2019.