Computer and computer equipment: rapid growth in revenue and future growth of 1.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net profit of $6.016 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, same
Rapid growth in revenue collection and strong cost control: In the first quarter of the third quarter, corporate revenues reached $1.63 billion, a 67 per cent increase over the same period, while sales costs were $81.78 million, an increase of only 12 per cent over the same period, while management costs were $85.59 million, a decrease of about 1 per cent over the same period, corporate costs control
Strong, operating profits increased by 218 per cent over the same year, reaching $2.71.8 million, and corporate profitability was equal to the industry's profile and growth prospects: the company's traditional business was its core equipment supplier, and in 2015 the company proposed a “Data China” strategy to push the company to comply with the Integrated Information System.
Business transformation. Based on continuous corporate investment and mastery of high-end computer, storage and cloud computing technology, total equity/flow (million shares) has begun to be further laid out in innovative areas such as core chips, artificial intelligence.
(a) In the area of chips, the participating subsidiary Tianjin Sealight received a 12-month maximum/minimum ($) amd authorization to produce x86 chips and to improve the chip supply chain for corporate equipment;
National Engineering Laboratories (NAL), involved in core chip research and development; 2) in the field of virtual software, the "Data China" strategy was beginning to work, and a joint venture with vmware was set up in the future. 3) In the area of artificial intelligence, based on the company's website.
Prospectively, the company's AI computing equipment included ai chip, ai data centre, ai server, "Performance Growth Overexpected, Data China"
Products such as aihpc; in the context of the AI platform, an in-depth learning computing framework xsharp supports caffe, tensorflow, mxnet, etc. is appropriate. From downstream layout, companies focus on priority industries, working with partners that have accumulated a deep industry to join in new industries.
Stock or holdings are aimed at the Chinese trinity of large environmental data, space star maps of large space-based data, etc. From the company’s overall layout, areas such as upstream enhancements of chips, mid-stream expansion of software domain, downstream layout of priority industries, industrial layouts are gradually complete, and future growth can take place.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.