The Sini Hill Consignor's Stock Exchange (002938.sz) has short-term performance pressure, keeping an eye on the strategic layout of the car, the server area.
The downside was mainly affected by the consumer electronics industry cycle, with new extended car and server product lines \triangleright computer panels earning $7,975 million, a 39,59 per cent decline over the same period, in the downstream consumer electronics industry as a whole
In an environment of improved product quality and higher market penetration among downstream customers, a robust growth in revenue from communication boards has been maintained. In new growth areas, such as cars and servers, the year 2023 saw a smooth harvest and the fourth quarter of 2023 saw laser radar and radar high frequency antennas begin to move into the production phase.
In the area of servers, the company has continued to upgrade the capacity of the thick plate hdi, which is now above 16-20l, and has established cooperation with core domestic and foreign server manufacturers. The following companies are active in the distribution of their energy, and are now in the main extension campus.
The third park, which includes Huaiyan, Gao-Yung, and the Thai park, will be followed by production of high-end hdi, syllables, automobiles, and server boards. Profitability will be affected by low downstream demand, a decline in Māori rates and net interest rates, and R&D rates.
The Māori rate is lower than the industry cycle, with higher price pressures, communications boards/consumable electronics and a high income ratio of 6.10%, an increase of 1.48 pct on the same year, and a sharp increase in expenses such as the cost of test products and molds.
The new industries, such as strategic layoutai, new energy vehicles, have introduced an i-upgrading of companies’ digital transformation. Companies are highly sensitive to changes in downstream demand, producing in areas such as i-phones, i-servers, etc.
The traditional consumer electronics, such as mobile phones, are in close contact with their clients, and they are consolidating their position in the traditional consumer electronics sector: server-side core customers abroad, the only pcb manufacturer to get an "partnerXellenceaward" in January 2024. Other emerging industries, such as 6g-lines, are emerging.
In the areas of communications, virtual reality, and folding terminals, companies have industrial layouts. In addition, companies have created a system of smart factories based on data. Seven smart factories have now been built, online and developed avarygpt model platform that allows engineers to improve their efficiency.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: The company is expected to return to its parent company for the period 2024-2026 with a net profit risk, shortages of raw materials and energy and the risk of rising prices, and increased risk of industry competition.
Ping Dynasty Holdings is a major professional manufacturer, mainly engaged in the development, design, manufacture, and sale of various types of printed circuit boards as one service, focusing on the provision of a full range of pcb products and services to industry’s leading clients. The company was created by a complete change in the Aemone Fine Component (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd., which was established on 29 April 1999.
The company has a high-quality and diverse pcb product line that provides a full range of clients.
The powerful power of the pcb e-connected products and services has created a one-stop service platform for the full range of pcb products. Depending on the field of downstream applications, the company’s pcb products can be divided into communication panels, consumer electronics and computer panels, cars, server panels, and other panels.
(b) Consumer electronics and computer panels are used mainly for flatboards, laptops, penetrating devices, games and smart homes.
Automobiles, server panels, and other panels are used mainly in traditional and electric cars, servers, high-speed computing computers, etc. Companies have accelerated the expansion of the market for motor vehicles and ai servers in recent years, and the products have been and are being certified by domestic and international customers.
In terms of stock structure, the company has no real control, and the controlling shareholder is the US Port Business. The company is controlled by a listed company in Taiwan, with 71.83 per cent of the shares held indirectly through the subsidiary US Ports Industries and CFI, of which 66.12 per cent is owned by US Ports Business, 5.71 per cent by the public sector, and 5.71 per cent by Merit Holdings International; and the first major shareholder is Fujikang, a fully owned subsidiary of the Hong Kong Group.
Neither the Honghai Group nor the Dominant Holdings were physically controlled during the reporting period. In addition, the company’s employees held shares in the Platform Deloitte Investments Ltd., and the Pleasant Hills Ltd. held shares of 0.81% and 0.65% respectively.
Applyed to smartphones and consumer electronics, with greater macroeconomic impact and cyclical properties. With the retreat of the home economy in 2023, smartphones and the consumer electronics industry represented by flatboard computers continued to weaken, the demand for end-use fell, stocking pressure was higher, putting pressure on companies to grow their short-term performance.
Substream applications of consumer electronics and computer panels are represented by tablets and laptops, 2019-2022 Automobiles, first half of 2023, the company completed the smooth production of radar panels, and laser and radar high frequency antennas began to enter the volume production phase in the fourth quarter of 2023; in server areas, the company has now upgraded its main power product panel to 16-20l.
The ratio of revenue to the sub-region is almost 70% for offshore operations in 2019, which has grown steadily over the last five years, and 80% for the year 2023. In terms of profitability, the Māori rate for corporate ownership of products is relatively stable, and the Māori rate for domestic and foreign operations fluctuates.
The trend is similar. The Māori rate for consumer electronics and computer panels in the company’s main product is higher than that for communication boards and automobiles, services, which are affected by the downturn in downstream demand, corporate overall Māori rates and net interest rates have declined, and R&D rates have increased. Expenditures such as the cost of test products and molds have increased significantly, with company R&D costs amounting to $1,957 million and R&D costs of 6.10 per cent, compared to the same ratio.
1.49 pcts. Risks of global macroeconomic volatility: In 2024, global macroeconomics were still subject to multiple fluctuations and challenges, European-American inflation levels remained high and the prospects for dollar interest increases were uncertain, all of which created some uncertainty about the recovery of downstream electronics.
Exchange rate risk: companies export commodities, imported raw materials are settled mainly in United States dollars, resulting in companies holding large amounts of dollar assets and dollar liabilities. As production and sales expand, the value of company imports and exports of raw materials will not be the same.
Foreign exchange settlements will continue to increase. At present, due to multiple factors, there is greater uncertainty in foreign exchange markets, further exacerbated by friction in international trade: the current international economic environment, where the company ' s main customers and suppliers are offshore firms, is particularly marked by still greater uncertainty in China-United States relations, and if future international trade friction increases, it will lead to higher and downstream chains of industry.
The price volatility of major raw materials, such as electronic parts, copper base plates, steel tablets, back glues, overlays, gold salt, semi-stabilized tablets, ink, copper balls, and copper powder, will have some impact on the level of Māori in corporate products.
At the same time, the demand for electricity in the company’s production chain is high, and the price of electricity is affected by energy supply. Global geopolitical conflicts and the deterioration of the climate have triggered price volatility in global energy and commodity markets, and companies may face increased risks of competition in raw materials, energy industries: the main downstream areas of corporate products are telecommunications, consumer electronics and computer products, their production.
High fashion quality and fast pace of performance renewal lead to a relatively shorter change cycle in market shares of products than in other traditional industries. Corporate performance will be adversely affected if firms are unable to innovate in a timely manner or their clients temporarily change, delay or suspend new product technology routes.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.