Aluminium clouds (000807) Non-ferrous metals q2 performance improved, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre gradually released production capacity in the second half of the year
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated business income of $10,485 million in the first half of the year, which is a positive gain compared to the increase of q2 ring q1. The fall in company performance in the first half of the year was mainly influenced by a deep rewind in the price of q1 electrolysis aluminium and a rise in the price of large originals. q2 ring q1 lost a surplus, resulting in a net return of $150 million in the first quarter.
lune, 414.08 per cent increase in the same year. q2 performance improved as follows: (1) electrolysis aluminium prices rebounded, q2 ring carbon products produced 304.1 million tons, an increase of 24.80 per cent in the same year; original aluminium production, 767,300 tons, an increase of 3.36 per cent in the same year; and aluminium alloys and aluminium processed products, 34.95 million tons, an increase of 13.69 per cent in the same year;
Aluminium platinum production reached 634,000 tons, an increase of 42.58 per cent over the same period. (3) The product structure is optimized. High-quality sales of aluminum are increasing by about 33 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 35.06 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the neighbouring provinces and in the provinces, representing more than 40 per cent of sales of the company ' s aluminium products, lowers the logistics costs of product sales and increases the profitability of the product.
The company will develop an electrolytic aluminium production capacity of 210 years by the end of 2018, with the expectation that the Mansan aluminium industry will produce 500,000 tonnes/year of additional electrolytic aluminium production capacity.
The production capacity is expected to reach 2.6 million tonnes/year. 1 company profile: a strong effort to develop a green, low-carbon industrial chain for the processing of hydropower and aluminium, formerly the Yunnan aluminium plant, established in 1970.
It is the only “national environmentally friendly” industrial enterprise in the country's colored industry and in the western provinces of China. Over the years, companies have been following a green low-carbon development path, leading to a sustained lead in technology and key indicators, in which the aluminum liquid integrated exchange singles consume 400 kWh less than the national average, and continue to lead the country. The company is committed to green development to build a “hydro-aluminum plus”
The industrial model of “industrial integration” is centred on the construction of aluminium deposits - aluminium oxides - carbon products - aluminium smelting - aluminium processing as one. The main products of the company are aluminium oxides, carbon products, aluminum for remelting, aluminium alloys, electrotechnical aluminium poles, aluminium alloys, sticks, aluminum straps, aluminum mounds, etc. The company has a well-developed procurement, production and marketing system, of which the main products listed above are aluminium oxides, aluminium oxides, aluminum, etc.
Aluminium is used for direct production of remelted aluminum and related downstream products outside of the carbon-coalin anode, and remelting is conducted mainly in a combination of distribution and direct sales of aluminum, aluminium alloys, aluminum straps, aluminum and aluminum. On the basis of these products, the company also has a growing trend in the area of aluminum consumption, active market expansion, and success.
New and more competitive products such as aluminum alloyed welding, new energy-powered batteries with aluminum molybdenum, food-pharmaceutical packaging, wide-band aluminum molybdenum, new materials of aluminum alloys for medium-end and high-end, new materials of aluminium alloys for aviation and orbital transport, parts of automobiles and motor aluminium alloys and products of civil aluminium alloys, ongoing construction and product development projects, downstream aluminium alloying materials,
Aluminium deep processing, dominated by refined and end-use products, is extended in the area of aluminium deep processing.
Aluminium prices hit the bottom at the end of 2015, resulting in a sharp decline in the company’s operating income in 2015 compared to its net profit on repatriation. After that, with the rebound in aluminium prices, the company’s performance in 2016 and 2017 gradually recovered, resulting in a significant increase in its net profit on repatriation.3 Performance analysis for the first half of the year: performance improved in the second quarter and production capacity released in the second half of the year
In the first half of the year, the company ' s poor performance was largely hampered by a quarter ' s performance: the price of electrolytic aluminium was revised in depth during the first quarter, and the cost of electrolytic aluminium support was raised. The second quarter was reversed by a quarter ' s gain, with a single quarter of $150 million in net profit, an increase of 414.08 per cent. The second quarter ' s performance improved for the following reasons:
(1) The price of electrolytic aluminium rebounded with a second-quarter ring increase of 19.7 per cent, while raw materials such as sunpolar carbon and fluorinated salt fell by 14.2 per cent and 18.2 per cent respectively in the second quarter (2) production of products increased significantly. Aluminium oxide produced 612,000 tons, an increase of 63.64 per cent over the same period; and carbon products produced.
The production of gold and aluminium processed products was 34.95 million tons, an increase of 13.69 per cent over the same year; the production of aluminum silt was 634,000 tons, an increase of 42.58 per cent over the same period. (3) The product structure was optimized. High-quality sales of aluminum were increased by about 33 per cent over the same year, with sales in the neighbouring provinces and in the provinces.
The same-year increase of 35.06 per cent, representing more than 40 per cent of sales of corporate aluminium products, lowers the logistics costs of product sales and boosts production. In addition, there are major projects under way in companies such as electrolytic aluminium, aluminium oxide and solar carbon, which will gradually release production capacity, and in future industries 1.7 million tons, 1.4 million tons and 600,000 tons, respectively, of electrolytic aluminium, aluminium oxide and aromatic carbon in 2017.
Assumption 1: The company's electrolytic aluminium production capacity for 2018-2020 was 2.1 million tons, 2.6 million tons, and 2.6 million tons, respectively. No direct or indirect compensation would not have been obtained for, and would not have been obtained for, specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.