Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre Purchasing (first rating) of herbs (002714.sz) Cost advantage in building the Protector's River, leading the industry through the cycle of achievement
The pig cycle has begun, and the company’s profitability is expected to improve significantly: there are marked weekly fluctuations in the pig-raising industry, and the farm-breeding industry’s level of profitability is influenced more by the pig price. After 15 months of decline, prices for pigs have increased since April 2022, and as of early September, the average price had reached $22.00.00.00.00.
The industry achieves a better level of profitability. Based on the pre-April 2022 trend of stocking of piglets, and other validated data, prices are expected to remain high for pre-spring pig prices, and the profit elasticity of breeding enterprises is expected to be fully released.
By the end of 2021, the company had built about 70 million people.
The company's bio-assembly reserves are sufficient, with 2.47 million female pigs and about 1 million female back-up pigs as of 2022H1, and its unique dual-mixing system and rich financing channels can help rapidly expand the company's production.
At the same time, companies are actively moving down the chain of industry and are expected to build 33 million head slaughter capacity this year, buffer the effects of cyclical fluctuations through the chain of industry, raise the public cost advantage industry to the top, and lower the path is clearly effective: the firm's core competitiveness is the industry's lead.
Purchase advantages and feed formula adjustments reduce overall farm costs; 2) breeding advantages, with the company Pty Liu Xing rising to 26, is in a leading position in the industry and is expected to increase continuously; 3) integration of self-sufficiency
Models, corporate standardization and intelligent farm construction have been effective in reducing the risk of infection and optimizing the productivity of fertility, which is expected to continue to improve in the future with improved management, with 2022h1 running at a cost of 15.5 yuan/kg.
Three decades of focusing on pig-breeding, the success of the industry leading up to 1.1, the success of the deep-farming industry at the heart of farming, started in 1992 and developed over 30 years, with pig-breeding at the core.
Forage processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig breeding, and slaughtering are the leading companies in the country's pig-breeding industry. Companies use the model of “self-sustaining integration” and build pighouses on their own initiative, through the integrated development of pig-planting, pig-breeding and pig-breeding.
Marketing, using modern equipment and artificial intelligence techniques, the company's main business of “all-self-sustaining, whole-chain, automated” is pig farming and marketing, and the business, which earns more than 95% of its total income each year, is the core business of the company's development.
Businesses sell less than 5% of their products in terms of work, raw materials, etc. The bulk of their products are commercial pigs, which are sold on the basis of changes in the market environment, in the form of pigs, pigs and pork products, which account for 70% of the total number of pigs and 211,000 pigs, representing 86.24%, 13.09% and 0.67%, respectively.
The company has grown rapidly in recent years and has succeeded in leaping to the top of the industry. Since 2015, the company has achieved a rapid increase in the number of births, thanks to its excellent operational capabilities and unique breeding systems, from 1.919 million in 2015 to 4,0263,000 in 2021, with a compound growth rate of 66.08 per cent.
Among them, only in 2019, when the industry was severely affected by Africa ' s pigpest, the number of pigs produced by companies fell by 6.9 per cent on the same basis, and the rest of the year, when the number of pigs produced by companies was protected by 31,281,000, an increase of 79.39 per cent.
1.2 The equity structure is stable and the incentive mechanisms are motivated by the fact that Mr. Qin and Ms. Qin Yingling are the actual controllers of the company, of which Mr. Qin Ying Lin directly holds 39.20% of the shares of the public division, Ms. Qin directly holds 1.21% of the shares of the company, and both of them through the original business.
Indirectly, Group Limited held 13.01 per cent of the company ' s shares, two persons held 53.28 per cent of the company ' s shares, while the remaining 46.72 per cent of the shares were held by other shareholders. 95.5 million negotiable corporate bonds publicly issued by the company were handed over on 10 September 2021.
Companies use equity incentives to fully motivate their employees. In recent years, companies have promoted productive motivation through well-developed equity incentives, tied the remuneration of core managers and technocrats to the company's performance, fully mobilized the subjective motivation of staff, and ensured that employees are consistent with the company's long-term objectives.
Strong companies achieve rapid growth. Companies require individual corporate performance and individual performance in the creation of equity incentives, which ensure that incentives are available to everyone, based on the company ' s year-round target and individual performance appraisals.
Company ' s Restricted Stock Incentives 2019 requires a base of 2019 pig sales. Chart 7: Corporate Equity Incentives 1.3 Companies live side by side in cycles and growth, with profit-level industries leading.
Companies have seen rapid growth in operating income and cyclical changes in profits. Corporate capacity has expanded steadily, with steady growth in operating income, from 2010 to 2014; companies have grown at a high rate of performance with abundant financing, excellent farming management systems, and well-developed biosafety controls.
In 2019, with its excellent management capacity and disease prevention and control system, the company resisted and expanded rapidly to produce 56,277 million yuan in 2020, a year of growth.
The lubricant is more affected by the cyclical fluctuations in pig prices, and the profit increases show a marked cyclical change. In 2020, pig prices remained high throughout the year, and the company realized a net return profit of $27,451 million. As pig prices continued to fall in the second half of 2021, the company realized 78,890 million operating revenues throughout the year.
In comparison with the industry, the company has a better Māori ratio than other firms in the industry.
From a roe perspective, the company’s economic ability is at the top of the industry, and since 2019, the roe level has been at the top of the industry. Figure 10: The Māori Level of Corporate Farming is at the top of the industry
Figure 11: Roe-level industry leads by 2. Pig cycle ups and ups and ups and ups, with a market of 2.1 billion pigs on a scale that causes price fluctuations due to demand and supply mismatches.
In 2012-2018, pork consumption stabilized at about 55 million tons of pork, which accounted for more than 60% of all meat consumption in the country. Among these, the outbreak of the African swine plague in 2019 led to a significant reduction in the number of pigs in the country.
The annual consumption of pork is only 44.87 million tons and 41.52 million tons. With the recovery of the country’s productive capacity, the fall in pork prices in the second half of 2021, the consumption of pork rose back to 53.15 million tons in 2021, which is now nearing normal levels in recent years and is expected to be relatively stable in the future.
Figure 15: Our pork is mainly supplied by domestic production Figure 14: Per capita pork consumption in the country remains stable (kg)
The pig cycle is due to the mismatch between staged supply and demand, which is mainly due to changes at the end of production. According to China’s statistical yearbook, per capita pork consumption remained stable at around 30 kg/year before the outbreak in Africa, the consumption of pork at the end of the pork was expected to remain volatile for a long period of time, and the price at the end of the supply was the result of fluctuations at the end of the supply.
The main factor in the current cycle of volatility is that pig production has a certain growth cycle, which takes about 10 months from being able to grow a pig to being able to grow a pig.
The difference in the expectations of the post-community family has led to a certain time lag in decision-making, which has led to changes in the capacity of the pig-producing family, which accounts for more than 60 per cent of the country's pig-producing industry.
There are periodic fluctuations in farm profits. When pig prices and prices are low, farmers are active in supplementing them and expanding their production, leading to a 1.5-year-old increase in the supply of commodity pigs and a fall in the price of pigs because they are more available than they are in demand. When pig prices fall below the deficit balance, farmers begin to phase out the production of piglets.
After 1.5 years, the supply of raw pigs began to decline, and prices rose again, so that the price of pigs began to grow four years and four years ago, from 2006 to the present, the country experienced four full rounds of pig cycles. The high pathogenicity of blue ear disease from 2006 to 2010 led to the rapid decolonization of the stock of capable pigs, driving the increase in the price of live pigs.
The 2014 cycle was driven mainly by supply and demand factors, and was a classic evolution of the pig cycle. The main factor in the degeneration of capacity in 2014-2018 was the Government ' s environmental policy, which resulted in the elimination of a large number of scattered households that did not meet environmental standards.
Significant deformation drives the strongest cycle of pigs in history, with prices rising at one time to $40/kg or more. Most of the drivers are due to a combination of animal diseases, supply-demand relationships, and policy factors. The total duration of each cycle in the country is four years.
The cycles around and below the prices of pigs tend to be longer than those of the previous cycle, and there is an overall trend of short-lived cattle, with prices increasing more than double between the highest and lowest points of each cycle. 2.2 Policy ends by supporting large-scale farming, leading business markets are expected to continue to rise.
In recent years, the State has attached great importance to the development of production in the pig-breeding sector, and has vigorously pursued the process of modulating pig-breeding. In July 2007, we launched the " Observations on the Promotion of Pig Production and the Development of a Stable Market Supply " , which is aimed at implementing the Standardized Scale Farming Project.
A series of policies, such as incentives and loans to large-scale farms, have been used to support the growth of pig farming. In May 2013, the Opinion on Stable Pig Production was published, which states that technical guidance and services should be strengthened, information monitoring and early warning should be enhanced, effective prevention and control of the disease should be taken into account, and the pig-bearing markers should be promoted.
The National Plan for the Development of Pig Production, launched in 2016, provides for the identification of areas for pig production, the national designation of priority development zones, binding development zones, potential growth zones and moderate development zones.
By 2020, 52 per cent of large-scale farming was achieved in each region; in 2019, the observation on stable production for the transformation and upgrading of pig production was made that by 2022, the rate of large-scale farming was about 58 per cent, and by 2025, the rate of large-scale farming was over 65 per cent, and the Government ' s policies in recent years have been strongly supported.
The country’s increasingly stringent environmental requirements are also accelerating the clean-up of small and medium-sized farmers and promoting the growth of small and medium-sized farmers.
In November 2013, the Regulation on the Prevention and Control of Pollution from Livestock-Sized Farming was issued, which regulates the demolition, alteration, extension, and clean-up of facilities, raising to some extent the threshold for the rearing industry and clearing small and medium-sized farms that do not have environmentally friendly facilities.
The introduction of a series of policies has led to the increasing environmental regulation of the pig industry, where a large number of smaller farmers have been forced out of their jobs due to environmental failure, which has led to a steady decline in the stock of pigs, and to a strict environmental policy that has led to a clear production capacity that is the main driver of the 2014-2018 cycle of pigs.
Africa’s pigpest has increased the demand for farm hardware, and small and medium-sized households with poor vaccination capabilities have stepped out. In August 2018, the outbreak of African pigpest has caused major losses to the farming industry, with a high transmission capacity, high mortality rates, and no effective vaccine globally, and farms can only be eliminated and physically isolated.
To reduce the risk of infection. The establishment of a sound safety and control system for live pigs is an effective way to combat non-pestilities, but small and medium-sized farmers lack fixed-assembly inputs, lack of equipment and expendable materials, and some of the farms lose a lot of money in the recurrence of the epidemic, forcing them to leave the farming industry.
Policy support and financial reserves have put in place an effective vaccination system that effectively reduces the risk of disease transmission and loss. The number of farmers below 50 per cent of the country’s annual mark has fallen from 97 per cent in 2007 to 94 per cent in 2020.
The share of model farms rose faster after the outbreak, from 5.39 per cent in 2019 to 13.93 per cent in 2022h1, and with the continued expansion of listed enterprises, the future share of enterprises in the country's total share of small-scale farming rose from year to year.
2.4 A new cycle has been opened, raising the size of the plate has gone up, the supply of live pigs has been declining, and the industry is expected to go up.
The supply of raw pigs determines to some extent the price of pigs. Historical data show that the time period during which the pig can be rapidly defecated corresponds to the price of a pig in 10 months.
Village data, starting in July of last year, began a downward spiral in the stock of pigs in the country, until May of this year, when the stock of pigs returned to normal, heralding the opening of a down-road after the peak of the pig supply in April of this year, and the drop-off rate until March 2023.
The prices of live pigs have risen since mid-April, from about $12/kg in April to around $22/kg in August, and as the supply of raw pigs continues to shrink, expectations are expected to increase in the second half of the year, the production industry continues to improve, and the profits of farming enterprises are expected to improve overall.
According to data from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, the country has been able to increase the stock of hogs since July 2021, and the production of piglets has been degenerated for a period of 10 months. As of April 2022, the country has been able to increase the stock of hogs by 4,173.3 million, with a cumulative decomposition of 8.47 per cent, compared to the previous rounds of the hog cycle.
Weak. According to the data from the intensive consultations, the trend in the number of hogs has been largely consistent with the data from the Ministry of Agriculture, but the rate of degeneration is significantly higher than the data from the Ministry of Agriculture; the intensive consultation data show that the number of hogs in the hogs has been down since June 2021, with a cumulative rate of 18.03% decomposition as of April.
12.40 per cent of the reduction in pig feed production is evidence of the decline in the raw pig stock, which, according to the feed structure, results in a 22.3 per cent drop in the same season and a drop in the same quarter in the same season.
8.8 per cent, indicating a significant decline in the number of pig-rich logs compared to the size of the pig-rich logs, and that the number of pig-rich logs may be larger than the official data.
Figure 26: Reciprocal consultation on the decomposition of the stock of piglets
Although data from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs show that the current cycle is less degenerative than in previous years, judging from data on the current price of pig production, the reduction in feed production and the surge in advice, the actual decolonization of the current cycle is likely to be greater than the official degenerative scale and to support the cycle ' s high prices.
The rhythm suggests that last September-November was the fastest time a pig could be phased out, with the largest drop in supply in the last three quarters of the year, with a possible periodic gap in the supply side of a pig. As the price of a pig rises in the last four quarters of the year, it slowed down, but the overall trend remains downward, with a projected annual supply of pigs.
Since prices began to rise at the end of April, the extra-supplier pig began to make a profit in mid-May, when I got 0.4%, 1.9%, and 0.5% of the total number of pigs per month, respectively, the process of decolonizing the pig in the country began to recover.
By August 2022, a single farm farm income could reach around $500 per head, which is enough to drive the farmer to fill it. The farm farm supplement is relatively slow.
There is a shortage of funds, and official data show that the cycle has been characterized by an insufficient number of festers, a relative appreciation of the situation in the past four quarters of the year, a certain hesitation over the situation in the second half of next year, so that the farm has not been sufficiently motivated to supplement the pig. The price of the pig and the binary pig is also a factor in raising the pig.
The main part of the supplementation line is the pig-puppet supplement, the price of the pig-puppet has increased significantly since early April, while the price of the pig-puppet has not changed much, suggesting that the farmer has not made a big effort to purchase the pig-puppet supplement. Based on the change in the ratio of the pig-puppet to the pig-puppet ratio, we can infer that some of the growers use the pig-puppet to supplement it.
Figure 29: Significant improvements in farm profits (mega/head) Figure 30: Significant increases in pig prices (mega/kg)
Winter pigs are in high demand, and prices are expected to remain high before spring. At the demand side, the next half of the year is better than the first half and the fourth quarter is the most productive time of pork year, and the amount of pig slaughter is generally significantly improved in the fourth quarter, and the price of pig meat is usually the highest in the year before spring.
Pre-dinner and troupe consumption is more affected by the epidemic, and as the epidemic is gradually liberalized, demand ends are expected to improve gradually, supporting the rise in the prices of raw pigs. Since April 2022, prices have been rising steadily in our country, at a peak of over $24 per kilogram in July, and the average price of pigs has continued at 20.
Given the overall downward trend in pre-spring pig supplies, and the marked improvement in pig consumption in the second half of the year, it is expected that prices will continue to rise in the second half of the year, and that the elasticity of plate companies is expected to be released.
Figure 33: A significant increase in slaughter in the fourth quarter (heads) Chart 34: Seasonal fluctuations in pig prices (RM/kg) The state has set up a regulatory mechanism to ensure a smooth running of pig prices.
In order to ensure the smooth running of the pig price, the government has set up an early warning mechanism for the storage and release of pork. Specifically, a three-tier alert is launched when the price of pig food is less than 6:1 or more than 9:1, but the storage or storage is suspended.
As of August 26, the price of pig food was 7.82 and is still in the normal zone, but in order to ensure stability in the supply and price of pork markets during the Mid-Autumn and National Days, the National Development and Reform Commission will start distributing the government pork reserves in instalments in September 2022, and will direct local associations to release the stocks.
Figure 36: Current prices of pig food are in normal intervals Chart 37: Previous storage points (in yuan/kilograms) Pork storage does not change the trend in pig prices.
The amount of meat released at once is in the range of 1 to 30 million tons, which has little impact on the overall balance of supply and demand. The release of the meat will allow for some adjustment of prices in the short term, as well as some regulation of market sentiment, but storage will not change the trend in the prices of pigs and determine the main factors in the prices of pigs.
In the second half of the year, the puppies are likely to have a tight supply rate, so that the large upward trend in the price of a pig will not be affected by storage, but the speed and height of the price of a pig may be somewhat suppressed. 3. The combination of hardware and software will continue to expand, and the chain of industry will expand to expand the imagination.
3.1 A wealth of financing channels and resource reserves, with high growth expected to continue The company, as a country's leading farm business, has successfully achieved over the past few years with an efficient rotation of dual breeders, an excellent biosafety prevention and control system, a rich source of financing and a strong land reserve
In 2021, the company was ranked first in the country, with 4,026 million live pigs. The country’s leader in pig-breeding is still at a low level of water.
The Department has a wealth of reserves for core elements such as land, finance, fixed assets, biological assets, and people, and hopes to continue the rapid growth of pig production over the next two years. The company has expanded rapidly over the last 10 years, and in 2020 it was the first in the country.
First, the number of pigs born in the company grew from 359,000 in 2010-2021 to 4,026.3 million in 2010, with annual compounding, cost-control capabilities and financial power continuously expanding, increasing by 122 per cent in 2021, representing about 6 per cent of the total number of pigs born in the country, bridging the gap with other businesses and laying the foundation for our existence.
The company has been investing more in fixed assets since 2019 and has been actively expanding its farm capacity. As of 2011, it had a forward-looking layout with a special Ministry of Strategic Development responsible for stocking of farm land.
By the end of 2021, the company had a stock of 100 million productive land resources; given its current capacity to build and finance, it is expected that 100 million productive fixed assets will be built over the next two years or so, supporting a sustained growth in corporate output. In terms of biological assets, the company has a high-quality pig-breeding system.
By 2022h1, with a reserve of 2.47 million pigs and a reserve of about 1 million pigs, the capacity to produce about 70 million pigs a year, the future expansion of pig populations is more certain, and the company will continue to increase the stock of piglets in the second half of this year, preparing for a sustained expansion.
From the financial point of view, there are a lot of sources of corporate financing. Equity financing since listing amounts to $9.799 billion, debt financing amounts to $23.15 billion, and corporate annual fund-raising continues to grow at a very high rate as the company expands. At the same time, companies have continued to work with various financial institutions, such as banks, with letters issued up to the end of 2021.
The balance is more than $20 billion, guaranteeing the adequacy and flexibility of the capital. The company is now expanding at a high rate, relying on a rich source of finance.
By the end of 2021, the number of company employees had reached 13,750, and staffing had grown faster than company operations. According to corporate disclosure, the company was staffed on a standard basis for every 100,000 entries.
With more skilled and efficient producers, there is still room for an increase in the number of people per person raising in the company, and the number of people currently in stock is sufficient to support the company’s development over the next two years.
3.2 With the active expansion of the industrial chain, market space continues to expand, and when the African pigpest virus enters the country, it may increase the probability that the epidemic will spread. To reduce the impact of the African pigpest on the production of pigs in our country, the Office of the State Council issued Guan in September 2019.
In May 2020, the Guidelines for Enhanced Measures for the Control and Control of Porcotic Diseases in Africa, issued in May 2020, called for gradual restrictions on the movement of live pigs, with the exception of pigs and pigs.
In principle, there will be no trans-regional movement of live pigs and no cold-chain transportation of pork products. From “carrying pigs” to “carrying meat”, there will be less and less room for moving live pigs in the future.
Integrated development not only solves the problem of the transfer of pigs, but may also lead to new profitable growth points for companies. According to the Puma Institute, the Māori rate varies considerably across the chain of the pig-breeding industry, with higher levels of upstream fertility.
The Māori rate is higher for seed, vaccine and veterinary links with downstream channels, processors, and retail outlets, while the Māori rate for fertilisers and slaughters is low. In terms of income-to-profit ratios, the pig-breeding sector accounts for only 15% of the industrial chain and 7% of the profit scale, while integration can be achieved.
To respond to policy requirements and improve the company’s industrial chain development, the company is able to produce its own production capacity according to its own structure.
By the first quarter of 2022, the company had set up 20 slaughter companies in areas with intensive farm capacity in Henan, Shandong, Anhui, etc., to operate eight slaughter plants, with a slaughter capacity of 22 million and an expected slaughter capacity of over 30 million at the end of the year.
The main clients of the plant are large-scale farmers, supermarkets, food-processing firms, etc., and the products sold are mainly white pork. Given the demand for new retailing and the market environment, there are plans to increase the number of well-segregated products in the future and to target the sale of non-standardized splits.
In cooperation with the downstream catering industry, the Department is actively exploring ways to raise the level of profit by selling products directly to the end. In addition, the Ministry is actively exploring the possibility of establishing, this year in a joint venture with China's shareholdings, a new insurance company, the Mid-Fadderland, which is involved in veterinary medicine production, veterinary medicine, veterinary medicine development and technical advice, with the expectation that it will be introduced by means of mobile insurance.
High-cost firms produce as a whole and lower farm costs. 4. Cost advantages create core competitiveness, cost reduction pathways are clear
Thus, the profitability of pig-breeding enterprises is largely at the cost end, and excellent cost-control capabilities are one of the core competitivenesss of pigs. Companies represent self-sustaining models of self-sufficiency and are the best at the cost level before the outbreak in Africa, compared to the industry average.
There is a great advantage. After the outbreak of the non-pest disease, other businesses are trapped by the disease, and the mortality rate in farming has risen significantly, while the lack of quality to keep the pig alive has led to a significant decline in the efficiency and cost of the product. The company relies on unique binary breeding techniques and excellence.
The ability to control the epidemic magnifies the cost-side advantage, which supports the company to earn more water in the last cycle than the industry, while the company-specific “double use of meat” helps the company to expand at a low cost and quickly, becoming the country's largest annual pig-breeding enterprise.
We believe that the company ' s cost advantages can be summarized as follows: (1) forage procurement and formulation advantages, it is clear that the company ' s feed costs are at industry lead level; (2) excellent breeding techniques, company pig costs
Low; (3) Automation and the use of smart farming equipment can improve production efficiency and effectively reduce the impact of the disease on pigs. Companies have been expanding rapidly over the past few years, with room for improvement in capacity utilization, disease control and internal management, and future companies are expected to build on a wealth of technological reserves and resources.
Experience has accumulated long-term cost advantages, which help companies shape the moats. 4.1 Forage: location advantages reduce procurement costs, and feed technology leads the industry. The costs of pig farming consist mainly of pig prices, feed costs, vaccine costs, labour costs, etc.
Forage costs range from 55% to 60% of the company’s operating costs, so feed costs are the most important part of the cost of pig farming. The company’s reliance on raw material procurement advantages and feed formulation advantages has kept the company’s feed raw costs in the forefront of the industry for years, and the purchase costs of raw materials in 2021 were $906.92/ton lower than the new expectations.
The company’s production capacity is distributed mainly in the main food-producing areas of north-east and north-east China. Henan Province accounts for more than 30%, Heiji Liaomon Region for about 20%, Shandong Province, Anhui Province each account for about 10%, Jiangsu, Hubei, etc.
Each province accounts for about 5 per cent of the total. The Northeast region, as the country ' s important base for food production, produces about 40 per cent of the country ' s annual maize production; Henan province, as the country ' s largest food producer, produces about 10 per cent of the country ' s total food production; Henan province produced 3,753 million tons of wheat in 2020, representing about the country ' s total wheat production.
In terms of raw material prices, the company’s maize and soybean purchases are in line. Figure 50: Prices comparable to the company’s five-metre purchases (in yuan/tons)
Figure 51: Comparable prices for soybean purchases by companies ($/t) For feed formulations, companies provide differentiated recipes for different varieties, different stages of growth, and adjust the nutritional supply according to the growth performance of the pig to a one-day formula.
The fine management of group nutrition reduces the meat-farming ratio, reduces the amount of feed consumed by commodity pigs and improves the efficiency of integrated farming.
In addition to adjusting the share of wheat and maize in feed formulations to account for fluctuations in wheat and maize prices, the cost of feed is effectively reduced. The company is actively developing the feed formulations for wheat, sorghum, raw material by-products, etc., on the basis of the original corn and soybean and wheat and soybean formulations; and using them to eliminate them.
The amino acid system is designed to produce daily food formulas that take full advantage of yeasted amino acids to reduce the use of soybean, reducing the dependence on fodder for maize and soybean, and the company ' s low soybean daily grains use 6.81 per cent of soybean, far below the industry average of 17.7 per cent, and the new formulation developed by the company has effectively increased the relatively low price of wheat.
The purchase of rice blends reduces the cost of feed raw materials. 4.2 Growing: the pig industry leads, and there is still much room for improvement. Pig breeding is a central element in improving productivity.
The impact of genes on the productivity of pig production is about 40%, the most central one, exceeding the levels of feed, livestock management, and quarantine technology. The level of pig breeding determines the cost of pig farming, which is also one of the most specialized, capital-intensive and life-cycle jobs in the industrial chain.
More than 20 years ago, the company started a “seed programme” to develop pig breeding techniques, and it established a breeding system in the direction of the end-use market, working to improve the quality of pork, and to develop pig varieties suitable for Chinese tastes.
Without relying on imported pigs, and developing a company-specific binary breeding system, the breeding of binary pigs has not been significantly reduced in reproductive efficiency, with low-protein nutrient feed, good enough to fit the company’s low-protein formula feed, which has effectively reduced the cost of breeding.
The combination of characteristics can significantly shorten the cycle of supplementation of pigs and increase the flexibility of the company’s ability to increase production, one of the central advantages of the rapid growth of company numbers in the last cycle of pigs. After years of growing pigs, companies have formed stable and efficient core stocks.
The 2022h1 company Ppy (the annual number of piglets produced by single pigs) has reached 26 levels and is at the forefront of the industry. The Physics level leads to a higher cost of piglets than the industry average, and in 2017, before the outbreak of the plague in Africa, the cost of piglets was $356 a head, 264 a head lower than the industry average.
At present, the company costs less than 350 yuan per head, which is a significant advantage in the industry. Figure 56: Primahara shares is a leader in the industry at the cost level (m/head) and the country has a late start in breeding pigs, and there is a certain difference in inputs from abroad.
There is still a gap between the productivity of the pig-breeding industry and that of the European and American countries. Due to the country’s poor reproductive efficiency, the country’s current dominant pig-breeding system relies on the introduction of pig-breeding from overseas.
It is hoped to catch up with the developed countries in Europe, thereby reducing the cost of raising pigs. By 2020, there was still a gap between our Psy level and that of the European and American countries, with our average psy level at 17.54, and the advanced countries, for example, the Netherlands average psy level at 30.82 and Denmark average psy level at 33.89.
By May 2022, the company had set up 11 pig-planting and marketing companies throughout the country, and will continue to increase its funding for seeding and development.
Gold investment, increasing innovation in pig breeding and raising corporate fertility. 4.3 Efficiency gains: smart farming is more efficient, new pighouses are better able to prevent disease. Control costs at the fertility stage are at the core of reducing mortality and improving human effectiveness.
The self-sustaining, whole-chained, intelligent farming model, which requires companies to invest in the construction of farms and recruit employees for integrated operations, compared to the farm-based farming model, makes it more expensive for companies to invest in fixed assets and manpower, and the efficiency of internal management can be effective in reducing farm-raising costs.
The company has invested heavily in new production in recent years, and its capacity utilization has declined during a period of rapid expansion, right. At the same time, with the growth of corporate intelligent farming and the rise in the demand for vaccination levels in African pigpest, the firm has invested more fixed assets on its head than in the past, leading to a higher level of depreciation on its head in recent years.
The average depreciation for the first half of 2021 amounted to $156.02. As a result of the company's capacity utilization, the company developed a smart pighouse containing automated ventilation, temperature control, feed and cleanliness, based on the pig's growth characteristics and the need for a healthy growth combination of smart equipment.
Inner heat exchange ventilation devices, multifunctional automatic control of pighouses, “pig house delivery systems” and “pig dry wet feeders” have been patented, and production facilities are at the forefront of the industry.
Since 2019, the number of employees has increased from 30,000 to around 130,000 in 2021, the average number of heads per producer has fallen from 468 in 2018 to 351 in 2021, there are some overmatchings and there is still a significant increase in the average number of heads per producer.
By 2019, average employee pay in companies was about 65 yuan per head, or 226%. There is still room for a decline in employee pay in the future, as the company’s automated farming continues, and the skills of its producers improves and management efficiency improves.
Figure 61: Increases in average employee remuneration since 2019. Since the outbreak of the African pigpest, the cost of farming in the industry has risen considerably. Although the company has some advantages in controlling the epidemic by relying on the one-size-fits-all model, the overall survival rate is higher than before the outbreak of the African pigpest.
There has been a marked decline. By 2022h1, the company had only about 80% of the total survival rate, compared to the African pigpest outbreak, and using cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, the company developed a series of intelligent inspection machines, scavenging machines, auto-cleaning machines, auto-crushing machines, etc., which created disease prevention and prevention.
The company also added a new wind system to the pighouse, which effectively filters 0.3 micrometres above 99.5% and effectively prevents pig blue ear disease.
Infection of pathogenic microbes, such as pigpest, foot-and-mouth disease. At the same time, the company has vents in every pighouse, and the air in the different fields is not crossed, avoiding large-scale cross-infections, effectively reducing the incidence of pig disease in the pighouses by 56, 70, 80 million in 22-24 years.
2) Sale price: Due to a certain cyclical fluctuations in the prices of piglets, the current prices are at $22/kg/kg and are in the upper cycle, and are expected to be better than in the second half of the year. Given the current weak motivation to fill the pigs, the overall prices are likely to be better in 2023.
3) Cost side: Due to the impact of the rise in international food prices, the company is currently costing $15.5 fully for farming, taking into account the company ' s survival rate, the increased efficiency of its personnel and the possible future decline in the cost of raw materials, we expect the cost of commodity pig farming to be 14.0 per cent for 22-24 years, respectively.
The average market value of the company is calculated by calculating the average market value of the company ' s head through the market value of the company and historical years. The average market value of the company ' s head fluctuates considerably as the industry ' s landscape changes, with a minimum value of $3271 per head since listing.
Pe can be used for valuation, and companies that select pig-breeding and slaughter as their main business are comparable. 12 xpe, corresponding to a price of $69.81 a year, covers the first “buy-in” rating. Pig prices are not as high as expected: the company’s profitability is linked to the price of pig-breeding, if the price increases.
The risk of rising costs of raw materials: the current global food supply is tight, and the price of food may increase. Rising prices can increase the cost of corporate farming significantly.
• Risk of disease: The risk of animal disease in pig farming is high, and if the industry is affected by the disease, it may have a greater impact at the end of the business. Transferable to equity risk: convertable to stocks can lead to abnormally volatile stock prices.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment