High profit growth and further transformation of retail trade 18/08/2022: On 17/08, Peace Bank issued a 22h1 report, collecting $92 billion, yoy+8.7%; return
The net profit from repatriation has increased and the net interest income has continued to warm.
Credits are very resilient. Peace Bank 22H1 total assets, loans + 8.2% and loans + 12.2%, respectively.
The research assistant in Bovin is mainly a weak consumer-lending demand in the wake of the epidemic, while the lending structure tends to improve asset access.
By comparison, this results in a drop in the return on q2 loans. At the end of the debt, it benefits from a fall in interest rates on the two-quarter liquidity easing market, with a cost ratio of 4 bp to 2.14%.
Back up, a loan investment would boost the overall interest-bearing asset returns, thereby easing the pressure on interest differentials. The silver insurance team’s effectiveness was released, and the wealth injected into the new dynamic.
2. The Peace Bank (000001) annual report 2021 details: more than 800 people, after a year of exploration and progressive results, 22h1 agent insurance income was equal to +26.3 per cent, while the new team managed a breakthrough and asset quality was good - 2022/03/11
Nearly five of the harvests were non-insured, which injected new energy into large wealth management. 22H1 retail aum, private aum aum, which amounted to 3.47 trillion yuan and 1.55 trillion yuan, respectively, compared to 16.4 per cent and 15.7 per cent, and the quality of private assets continued to grow. 22H1 negative rates remained stable, and provision coverage increased;
\triangleright Investment Recommendation: Motherhood net profit increases, silver insurance team effectiveness becomes apparent 22h1 net profit increases at a high rate, asset quality continues to improve and credit costs are expected to go down and support
High performance during the year; expected increase in consumer credit delivery in the second half of the year, with narrow or less than expected interest differentials; retail 22-year pb, with a “recommended” rating maintained.
Figure 6: The size of uninsured finances and the rate of increase in the company's financial statements up to 22h1 (millions of yuan)
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.