High rate of increase and maintenance of asset quality Events: On August 17th, Peace Bank published its 2022nd semi-annual report.
A weighted average of 12.2% rose by 1.46 pct over the same period. The assessment is as follows:
Net profits are increasing at a higher rate, driven by size, interest, and provision. 1h22 harvests increased by 8.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis; Large personal customer base, strong brand influence, broad net profits increased by 25.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis and performance increased at a higher rate.
Distribution networks and a well-developed system of integrated financial products, maintaining a steady increase in overall supplementation, net interest income (year-on-year + 7.9 per cent); a 10.4 per cent increase in non-interest income on year-on-year basis, mainly provided by the promotion of retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks
At the end of the expenditure, the cost income was 26.5%, down 0.9pct from the same year, with strong core competitiveness support. Business quality improvement; and corporate provision in the first half of the year against a background of stable asset quality and adequate provision.
In general, size, non-interest income, and the provision for positive contributions to profits have contributed significantly to maintaining higher net profits, mainly due to interest-bearing asset yields falling (Run 16bp) and the rigidity of end-of-debt costs (Run).
The average rate of return on 2q22 bank loans fell by 20bp to 5.9 per cent, with the average rate of return on corporate loans falling by 12bp and on retail loans falling by 4bp.
This decline (13 bp, 12 bp, respectively, for joint debt, bond issue, and deposit and asset quality, and provision for security cushions. At the end of June, the rate of non-performing bank loans was 1.02%, and the ring was equal. Of this, the negative rate for public real estate was 0.77%, and the ring was 0.32 pct higher for public real estate.
The negative or still upward trend, given the company’s low share of public real estate loans, is expected to have a manageable impact on the overall asset quality. The poor rate of individual mortgage lending is 0.30%, the ring drop is 3bp, and the group’s overall financial advantage is prominent.
Quality customer resources. 2) Science and technology: The Group values science and technology and continuously increases its input, enabling effective bank retail strategic transformation through the sharing of corporate science and technology resources. 3) The product side: Relying on the Group's integrated financial advantage, it can provide one-stop financial products and services to clients and operate and sell through integration and cross-marketing.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Retail Transformation has entered a new phase, with a boom in private sector wealth. In 2021, Safe Banks upgraded their retail transformation, proposing a new model of “Five Ones” that integrates integrated banks, ai banks, long-distance banks, underline banks,
Retail financial services, such as opening banks, have strengthened technology and enabled retail operations to take off again. In June, retail customers aum aum aium reached 3.47 trillion, an increase of 9.1 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, and private banking aum aum grew from 10.5 per cent to 1.5 trillion by the end of the previous year.
Over the past few years, the Bank of Peace has stepped out of excess-capacity industries, high-risk assets, stock-related assets have been largely cleared, and the quality of public assets has been perfected.
At the same time, top-heavy growth, selection of industries, customers, products, focus on light assets, light capital, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and do good with public business. As 3+2+1 continues to advance with the public strategy, the corporate strategy is driven by the corporate strategy.
The positive impact of customer outreach, while stabilizing the quality of assets, has also led to a good growth in business demand deposits, which has contributed to a steady decline in the cost of indebtedness. Investment proposal: We believe it is hoped that the Bank of Peace “retail wealth plus good wealth for public good + good asset quality” will lead to a positive increase in business demand deposits.
Co-drivers of increased profitability. 1) The growth logic of retail strategy advancements remains unchanged. Group combinations of financial and financial technology enable retail transitions to deepen.
Under this heading, it is expected that asset quality will be stabilized, thereby achieving a weak cycle of profitability. 3) The asset quality is excellent, credit, non-credit provisions are adequate and profit space released. 0.66 times 22 years pb should be maintained with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Net profit from Bank Peace 1h22 increased by 25.6 per cent over the year. Figure 2: Net profit from Bank Peace 2q22 increased by 24.0 per cent over the year. Figure 3: Disaggregated performance of Bank Peace 1q22 and 1h22
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: 12.2 per cent increase in bank loans at the end of June, 13.3 per cent increase in deposits at the end of June, Figure 5: Poor bank at the end of June, concern, rate of delay remained largely stable
Figure 6: The Bank of Peace raised its coverage by 1 pct to 290.1 per cent by the end of June, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hsing Securities Corporation reports Peace Bank (000001): Profit gains are high, asset quality is robust, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions are in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.