On August 18th, 2022, the two-digit profits increased and assets were of good quality.
Peace Bank (000001.sz) has maintained a high net profit rate of 2022h1 and the company has earned $92,022 million in operating income.
The same-year growth of 8.67 per cent was somewhat narrower than the corresponding increase of 2022q1; the return to the mother net profit of $22,088 million, the same-year increase in loan holdings was robust, with interest differentials of 2022h1 and net corporate interest income of $6,405.9 billion, an increase of 7.91 per cent; the net interest difference of 2.76 per cent, a decrease of 7bp from the same period.
This represents an increase of 5.28 per cent over the end of last year; among these, there was a steady increase in public loans (excluding discounts on bills) and retail loans, and lower interest rates on corporate liabilities were optimized. By the end of June, corporate capture operations and other interest rates fell by 18 bp and 23 bp.
Intermediary operations suffered from a cumulative decline in sales efficiency, with investment gains and exchange gains and losses outstanding at 2022h1, while middle business income fell by 160.62 per cent over the same period, with losses in sales and finance accounting accounting accounting for 12.3 per cent, representing a significant driver of the rapid growth of other non-interest income.
Investment gains (including fair value change gains/losses) and exchange gains/losses were 31.19 per cent higher than the same and assets were of good medium quality, with a smaller default as at the end of June, with a non-performing corporate lending rate of 8.75 per cent of company mortgage loans and 27 cut-off buildings involving overdue loans.
Investment suggests that companies rely on China for safety, ecological synergy among beneficiary groups, and a combination of financial advantages;
The joint venture “3+2+1” strategy, which continues to deepen the technological and technological capacity to facilitate the transition to “digital banks, eco-banks, platform banks”; sound asset growth, optimized cost of liabilities; coordinated contributions, good wealth management development, and increased profit-making space; and good quality of assets.
I have undertaken to present this report independently and objectively, in a spirit of diligence and professionalism. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.