The cloud transformation has accelerated further, and the product has continued to be polished and upgraded - the Friends' Network published the Year 2020 quarterly report on 28 April, with a revenue of $1,214 million a quarter, an increase of 11.49 per cent.
The company’s cloud services revenue was 516 million yuan, an increase of 136 per cent over the same year. Cloud operations grew at a high rate, with yonbip leading product upgrading q1 cloud services revenue increasing by 136 per cent, and cloud contract liabilities increasing by 13 per cent.
Cloud Business Indicators Dismantling: In terms of client structure, q1 large and medium-sized clients received $399 million a year-on-year growth of 130 per cent, small, micro-clients earned 88 million a year-on-year growth of 178 per cent, government and public organizations received $28 million a year-on-year growth from a product perspective: strategic products ionbip continued to move forward, with several tens of millions of orders signed since the beginning of the year.
The company continued its client breakthroughs during the past quarter, successfully contracting customers from Xu-Tuan, Xiamen Air, Shin Man-Hun-Hun. The company increased its research and development investment to “integration” as a new chapter of the strategy.
Twenty-five thousand more R & D workers are planned to focus on product upgrading and building eco-enabling and development. Friends will gather for twenty-one years to develop and upgrade cloud-based products, q1 R & D will invest more than 440 million yuan a year, an increase of 32%, with an overall projected increase of 2,500 people, of whom 1,500 R & D personnel.
The net profit is $13.59, $18.53, and $2,286 million, respectively. Friends are the leaders of our cloud computing saas enterprise and are in a state of high-speed cloud transformation, and ps should be used as an indicator of valuation.
The valuation has a clear advantage. The “recommended” rating is maintained. Cloud services are not growing as expected; business orders are not needed as expected.
2. Friends Network (600588); cloud operations continue to grow at a high rate, and the saas are strong.
A summary of company financial statement data projections is excellent, the Chief of Computer & Education at the Chinese Institute of Securities, joined the Chinese Institute of Securities in 2019, and the Master of Financial Sciences at Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Previous authors have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,