Using Friends Network (600588), we're working with the United States Mission's strategy to promote digitalization of the catering industry - Friends Network (600588.sh) event review.
On 16 May, the Company Holdings issued an announcement declaring a strategic cooperation agreement with Tianjinhambo Information Technology Ltd., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the United States Mission, to provide comprehensive catering management system services to clients.
The United States of America is a leading provider of e-commerce for domestic services and a professional catering management system.
Free and easy access is the lead microbusiness cloud service and software provider in the country. According to the agreement, Tianjin Hanbo and Congregation will transfer each other's resources, jointly provide comprehensive catering management system services to clients and collect functional user fees, provide a smooth supply chain management system and a financial management system, Tianjin Hanboti
Provision of other catering management systems and one-stop machines for a five-year period, with the expiry of the agreement period and an automatic one-year extension of the agreement without a written agreement by the parties to terminate the strategic cooperation; introduction of the back-to-back financial integration system and full roll-out of catering management system services
The company is expected to use this collaboration as an entry point for the digitalization of the catering industry with the United States of America to help business better manage and operate digitally.
Together, to create easy and seamless front-end integration for clients and to integrate digital and intellectual business services on-line and off-line. 2) Both sides will combine their respective online and off-line resources to promote the research-friends network (600588.sh), 2020, of the existing catering business customers of both parties.
In our view, this collaboration is the beginning of a corporate eco-strategy, and it is hoped that it will continue to pull more micro-enterprises in the industrial chain to select products and services. t+clud is the first to cover the market in Yunerp, and cooperation is expected to further expand the competitive advantage.
In this collaboration, the company’s main landing product, t+cloud, is expected to have a positive impact on its industrialized sales.
t+cloud is an event review of the company's integration of people, money, goods, passengers and micro-enterprises.
Controlling large-scale and deep-deep human cloud services 2021.02.17 Good. 1) Fiscal aspects: provision of full-process online financial applications: 2) new business aspects: provision of online business operations such as ordering, live recording, client precision, etc.; 3) New retail aspects: provision
The t+clud is ranked first in the Yunerp market coverage, according to the report " Analysis of China ' s Small Microbusiness Clouds Market Theme 2020 " , which was published in plain view.
Companies have been farming in traditional business management software for many years, and the industry is well established; cloud services are strategic developments in the direction of rapid growth and long-term, and there is much room for future growth.
Currently cloud services are growing at a high rate, but given the market's concerns about tight liquidity and the fact that the value of the science and technology share has been somewhat suppressed, the firm's target ps to 16 times lower in 2021 (the new crown pneumonia epidemic repeats: the cloud service transition has not advanced as expected: the development and promotion of new products have been less advanced than expected)
Intended: brain drain: increased competition in the industry: easy access to work with the United States Corps is less than expected. Figure 1: Users of Ps-band over the past three years with Ps-band authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, with diligent, professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.