The growth of cloud operations, the continued eco-improvement of yonbip, the high growth of cloud revenues compared with the trend of 300 deep companies, and the business progresses well.
The company achieved a rapid growth of 3,422 million yuan in cloud revenues throughout the year, an increase of 73.70 per cent, or 40 per cent of income. In terms of the multiple dimensions of cloud business development, progress has been relatively smooth.
Micro-enterprises achieved cloud revenues of $241 million, an increase of 65 per cent over the same period; the Government and other public organizations achieved 100 million yuan, or 33.5 per cent, of which ncc achieved income of 1,014 million yuan; and the erp and bip products of the bip category accounted for most of the income from cloud operations, reflecting the main trend of corporate cloud transformation.
2. Contract orders: 48 per cent increase in the number of company orders of 1 to 5 million in 2020, with an increase in value The continuing expansion of company products in large enterprises in the context of the trend towards nationalization. 3) Number of clients and rates of renewal: 60.16 million clients, with new payments, in 2020
The rate is 71.68%. We believe that companies maintain strong customer stickyness in the market for large and medium-sized enterprises, and that micro-enterprises, mainly because of their shorter life cycles, have more new customers to expand, leading to a rate renewal relative to 1.
In-depth report_Friends Network: New Blue for Corporate Cloud Services.) Cloud pre-receipt: company advance of $1.091 billion in 2020 for cloud operations, as a proportion of total pre-receipt. 2. “Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _”
Qualified report - Using Friends Network: The Cloud Business Growing. 5. Eco-building and market occupancy: the company ranks among China's enterprises using the Saas market. First, the city's share reached 6.3 per cent.
3. Strategic Cooperation between Eco-Partners such as Hua-Ann Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Volkswagen, Hua-Sha-Ki-Si-Si-Si-Si, Hi-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si.
The impact is evident. The cloud market eco-partners are growing rapidly, with a cumulative increase of 8,000 partners, more than 11,000 in commodities, and the release of 100 cloud-based eco-integrated products as the country’s leading online and offline integrated cloud ecological service platform.
• Investment in R & D continues to increase, and strategic-level products continue to advance.
Research and development staff have increased by 1,500, or 60%. Research and development staff have invested mainly in continuing research and development of a new generation of lonbip products. We believe that lonbip is a landmark strategic-level product that marks the official opening of the phase of the "3-0-ii" war, and will also help friends to move towards social platform service providers.
Youonbip has a technological, data, intelligence, and business hubs that support financial cloud, human cloud, synergizing cloud, marketing cloud, procurement cloud, manufacturing cloud, supply chain cloud, financial cloud, and so on. Meanwhile, the low-code development platform at the bottom of yombip and the integration platform apilink can support the eight main areas.
The company issued an announcement in the evening of 9 February that it was to invest $283 million in RMB, and that the company would invest in the company's capital stock.
When the deal is completed, the company holds 84.74% of the shares. The company is a service provider for Saas, whose core business is the operation and management services recruited by the company. We believe that by buying the large cloud, the company is expected to further improve the product system of yonbip.
Human resources are an important aspect of the intellectual transformation of business, and the human cloud is one of the core areas of the yombip innovation platform. This acquisition is a big one, and companies are expected to further develop their strong intelligence-friendly recruitment and yombip-wide human cloud services through technology empowerment, product integration, customer and channel sharing.
Provide clients with complete hrsaas solutions and services, help them improve recruitment efficiency, strengthen talent supply chain management, better serve business talent development, business innovation and management change, and make successful clients. We believe that this acquisition is a useful attempt by companies to create cloud services ecology, and it is hoped that the future will pass through.
The company announced on March 6 that it plans to buy back its shares in the form of a centralized competitive exchange and to buy back the amount of money.
From $600 million to $1 billion, the repurchase price does not exceed RMB 42/share, and the repurchase period is six months from the date of the Board’s consideration of the adoption. Repurchase shares are intended for future employee equity incentives. To date, the company has reached RMB 600 million.
The corporate cloud priority strategy continues to be in place, with high growth in cloud operations in 2020 and the eco-efficiency of yonbip gradually improving, and we look forward to the development prospects of the company ' s transition to a corporate-level cloud service provider and business innovation platform. 1) The spread of the epidemic, the limited business activity of firms and the demand for orders are not as high as expected;
2) The IT industry has not moved as fast as expected; 3) the policy has slowed down in firms and has not been as aggressive as expected; 4) the trade friction between China and the United States has increased.
Contact persons: Shao Yung, M.A. from Xiamen University, eight years of work experience in Ni, Keysight, 5g, Smart Network Motors. Using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.