Acquisition of a low-code platform for the movement of grapefruits, acceleration of ecological construction, announcement by Friends Network on the afternoon of 3 June, to receive 100 per cent of the shares held by Youziholdings Limited (Beijing) Mobile Technology Ltd. for 151 million yuan, with the transfer of shares completed
After almost 12 months, the company plans to move the money to the grapefruit at 79 million yuan. When the transaction is completed, the company holds the capacity to acquire and move the grapefruit to improve the low-code platform and build a complete low-code capability.
Grapefruit mobile has the technical advantages and ecological customers of a mobile low-end platform. The grapefruit mobile is a low-code platform company with a mature developer's ecology, oriented towards enterprises with digital transformation and business innovation needs, developing technology and low-code efficiency tools through self-researched cross-platforms, based on efficiency.
The low-code development concept, which provides efficiency and capacity for software development throughout its life cycle, effectively reduces the time available. So far, it has brought together the api of many mainstream third-party Paas and saas cloud service providers, both domestic and foreign.
A cumulative total of 1 million registered developers, with more than 1,300 publicly owned modules, more than 20,000 private modules and more than 20,000 publicly owned api, have been able to call the developers one key, develop various types of applications and continuously accelerate changes in its productivity.
The acquisition of grapefruits to improve the yonbuilder product system and build a complete low-code capability. The company ' s current low-code development platform, mainly for management applications at the back end of 2b, is complemented by a mobile end app application at the front end of 2c, which makes friends.
Very few home-grown low-code platform manufacturers have access to the front-to-back end, from 2c to 2b applications. This acquisition will allow the low-code development capability of grapefruits to be integrated into a friend’s bip-to-life system, thereby truly releasing the commercial value of the low-code platform with ecological power.
The company announced on the evening of 9 February that it would use the RMB 283 million to compute 56.57% of the shares of the Shanghai Daiyun company, which has been invested in it.
When it does, the company holds 84.74% of the stake. The company is a service provider of Saas, whose core business is the operation and management services recruited by the company. We believe that by buying the company, the company is expected to further improve the product system of yonbip. Human resources are an important part of the intellectual transformation of business numbers.
Human resources are one of the core areas of a friendly business innovation platform. This is a big buy-in, company 1. Huaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ In-depth Report _ Friends Network: Corporate Cloud Services New Blue.
It is expected that further strong, easy-to-intellectual cloud recruitment and yombep overall human cloud services will provide clients with a full Hrsaas solution through technology empowerment, product integration, customer and channel sharing.
Programs and services to help clients improve recruitment effectiveness, enhance talent supply chain management and better serve businesses
Together with the American Regiment to reach out to micro-businesses. The subsidiary issued a communiqué on May 16th, and signed a war agreement with the United States Regiment 3. " Hua-An-Secret _ Research _ Computer Industry _ Minor Cooperation Agreement to provide comprehensive catering management system services to customers.
Qualified user network: q1 cloud business growth client resources, combined to provide comprehensive catering management system services to clients and charge functional user fees, over-expected, yombip accelerated eco-building
In addition to the supply chain management system and the financial management system, which is provided by the United States Mission, ecological construction continues to accelerate, and product boundaries widen. We believe that the acquisition of large clouds will go from hand to hand.
In 2021, the company launched five eco-programs, which we believe will continue to build a strong partnership ecology based on Toyonbip's strategic-level products, and thus truly from a product-oriented enterprise.
Transforming into platform-based, eco-based enterprises that capture the portal of corporate-level cloud services and create greater strategic value. In the future, companies are expected to rely on both internal R & D and external M & As to continuously broaden the boundaries of their products and build wider industrial ecology.
The company's strategic acquisition of grapefruit movements is another important strategic development this year, following the acquisition of the Great El Niño and the United States Alliance, with 21q1 companies growing at a high rate, and we are looking forward to continued growth in revenues from the company's operations to the corporate level.
1) The spread of the epidemic in the country and abroad, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders; 2) the failure of the IT industry to move faster than expected; 3) the slowdown in corporate policy on the cloud, which is less aggressive than expected;
Contact persons: Shao Yung, M.A. from Xiamen University, eight years of work experience, work in ni, keysight, 5g, and smart network cars.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.