I've been admitted with a friendly car project, and I'm sure I'll take a good look at the bip platform route.
In the case of advanced cars, three product lines have been formed. In this case, the product of the car marketing system runs through the entire cycle from the sale of the car and allows for deep, sticky, dynamic customer management.
Yes, the product is highly competitive; the Car Masters platform covers a wide range of client end-points, including micro-letters, micro-procedures, apps, etc., to help car companies upgrade and interact in high-frequency demand scenarios, and to achieve a shift in marketing promotion from one-way transmission to social fission; and car industry eco-services
The platform targets an information-backing scene for car companies, owners, third-party resources, and companies reach out to the owners of b- and c-end vehicles, providing eco-value-added services for the automobile industry through interfaces with their marketing systems and their master service platforms.
Industry subsidiaries are expected to increase branding and increase market expansion.
During the reporting period, companies also provided marketing and post-market services to customers in the engineering machinery and motorcycle industries.
We believe that listing will help companies to brand their automobiles, accelerate market expansion, and play a positive role for their parent companies in terms of valuation, performance, raising funds for upgrading existing operations, and building data analysis platforms.
"Sinda Computers" Friends Network: Business in the New Age of Service, the country's best-born and powerful, and a total of 75.76 per cent of the stock-friends' cars, according to the letter of offer.
The second publicly released stock of up to 36.0794 million shares (33% of total shares) and $563 million after it was issued. We believe that a friend's car is based on the technical skills of the mother company, based on the technological base of the cloud, to upgrade the product and create a base for data analysis, while a friend's car is deep.
The profit forecast and valuation rating. We believe that automobile subsidiaries are listed or only companies in multi-sector markets.
The start of the \triangleright field expansion will be supported by a iuap platform with deep corporate technical barriers, where companies and partners will work together to develop a corporate services ecology.
The value of the exhibition: (1) a transition from a medium-stage S.E.P. to a digital base, with the client, the S.H.I.S.C., going to be significantly more sticky, with a sustainable deepening of single-client services (2) and high national production opportunities.
Cindasecuritiesco. ltd client project experience provides valuable models for new product development (3) enabling eco-partners, mid-sized and small guests.
The use of a friend network car is aimed primarily at a car shop, distributor, service station, etc. customer in the automobile industry, providing a number of intellectual solutions, cloud services, software and professional services in the areas of marketing and post-market services, and creating a digital ecosystem platform for the upper/downstream and cross-industry integration of the automobile industry, enabling the car industry to transform digitally. During the reporting period, companies also provided marketing and post-market services to customers in engineering machinery, motorcycles, etc.
The product has been widely used in domestic automobile companies, with nearly 100 firms and more than 15,000 distributors serving it. Twenty years of company revenue, $478 million, and a profit of $85 million. We believe that listing boards helps companies to brand their automobiles, accelerate market expansion, and play a positive role in their parent companies in terms of valuation and performance.
Figure 1: Friends ' motor vehicle business income, which has been in use for many years, forms three major business systems. Among these are: Car Enterprise Marketing, which includes cars from new car sales, car maintenance, repair, second-hand car trading to vehicle end-of-life life cycles.
The product is based on the design and development of the company ' s Friends Automotive Science and Technology Platform and the Modular Development Platform for Friends ' Motors, which are co-located in the center, and is efficient and fully functional to meet the business needs of fuel and new energy companies. We believe that the product runs through the cycle of automobiles from sale, enabling the establishment of deep, sticky, dynamic customer management systems for customers, and the competitiveness of products.
Car master service platform: For b end-of-cycle companies, the company implements the delivery home service platform, which assists the vehicle company to reach the terminal owner directly through the platform, and provides it with services and interaction within the platform to better understand the owner ' s needs and enhance the marketing, operation and management capabilities of users. For c end-of-cycle owners, the vehicle owner service platform is both a vehicle vehicle that brings together a variety of car-related professional services and a vehicle owner that can accompany them.
The product covers a wide range of customer endpoints, including micropublics, small programs, apps, etc., to help car companies upgrade and interact with their owners in high-frequency demand scenarios, and to move marketing from one-way transmission to social fission.
A platform for eco-services in the automobile industry: the main target of the service is to provide an information-to-synchronous view of the needs of car companies, car owners, third-party resources, such as marketing surges and the participation of a confluencerators such as portals: vehicle insurance requires the involvement of insurance companies; travel services requires the involvement of travel services companies; road rescue requires the involvement of rescue companies, etc.
Many third-party eco-resources, such as venture, venture services, e-contracts, e-invoices, etc., have been consulted to form an eco-cooperative relationship and to reach out to end-of-life and end-of-life car owners through interfaces with car marketing systems and master service platforms, to provide eco-value-added uniforms for the auto industry, to raise funds for the upgrading of existing operations and to build data analysis platforms.
75.76 per cent of the stock-friend car, according to the offer, with a total of up to 36.794 million shares (33 per cent of total shares) in the public stock market, the technical capacity of the Tomo Corporation after issuance, the complete upgrading of the product and the establishment of a data analysis base, based on the technological base of Yunwon, while the automobile industry with a friend car has been deep-rooted for many years, the financial support and branding of the company and the overall upgrading of the product-plus market will be further expanded.
Lurie, Defense Science and Technology University, is a great researcher in computer science. Six years of industry experience, former head of a global repository of information technology (IT) research and development, solutions sector team, joined Seaton Securities in 2016, 17 and 19 as the fourth new wealth of the team, and 2020 as a credit card component that has not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.