Events: On April 28, 2021, the company published a quarterly report, which generated business income of $1,214 million, an increase of 11.5 per cent, a net return to the mother - $13 million, a loss of 225 million compared to the same period last year.
With the use of the Friends Network (600588.sh), the net profit is reduced - 210 million yuan. 399 million yuan, an increase of 129.6 per cent in the same year, is received by the Government and other public organizations.
At $28 million, an increase of 120.6 per cent in the same year; and at $88 million, an increase of 17.5 per cent in the same year. As of March 21, the cumulative number of paid clients in corporate cloud services was the constant transformation of clients, but more due to the domesticization, digitization, and intellectualization of downstream enterprises.
Over the reporting period, the combined Māori rate was 47.09%, an increase of 0.7 pct compared to the average, and we believe that the main benefit is the share of revenue from standardized cloud products.
5.7 pct. We believe that companies have traditionally focused on product-based R & D, and are looking forward to a new era of sustained and intensive service delivery, with strong and persistent R & D inputs from the country's leading players and growing competitiveness, bargaining power, and functional integrity of their products.
During the reporting period, the company’s cloud market was to accumulate 8,200 subscribers and 12,000 resident commodities, making it the leading online and sub-line integrated cloud ecosystem service platform in the country. In March, the company’s ecology was large.
In the event, the company released several eco-strategic plans, accompanied by a $2 billion eco-investment development fund, to accelerate the bio-development of the bip. We believe that eco-development is a key strategic direction for the future development of the company, and that the main advantage of the company's products lies in the company's strength.
The common type of information system, instead of a digital transformation, is integrated and integrated across projects, drawing on the power of partners, and reduces customization development efforts, focusing on standardized product research and development, evolving into an ecological positive feedback cycle that allows clients to scale up and thus drive long-term growth in performance.
Profit predictions and valuation ratings. We look forward to the company's long-term development value: (1) yonbip is expected to raise the sustainability of rising cloud revenues (2) there are significant opportunities for national production, and the experience of mega-client projects provides valuable templates for new product development (3) enabling ecological partners, and small and medium-sized customers cover or accelerate.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd. \triangleright
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City. Figure 1: Company operating income and growth in a single quarter. Figure 2: Company return net profit and increase in speed.
Figure 3: Income from large enterprises in the single quarter, Figure 4: Revenue from small microbusinesses in the single quarter, Figure 5: Māori rates and net interest rates for companies in the first quarter
Figure 6: Three rates of cost and R & D rates for companies in the first quarter of the year. Figure 7: Corporate Peband Luley, University of Defense Science and Technology, full-fledged, research-oriented computer science. Six years of industry experience, formerly a global repository of information technology (IT) R & D,
In 2016, the head of the Solutions Sector Team joined the CMS, in 2016, in 2016, in the fourth place, in 19 and in 2020, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, and in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.