Use of Friends Network (600588), company assessment report, full stock-held grapefruit movement, layout 2c low code platform - user network (600588.sh) event review
After closing on 3 June, the company issued a communiqué on 100% equity and foreign investment in the transferred grapefruits (Beijing) Mobile Technology Ltd. Full capital buys 100% of stock and capital to move grapefruits and further strengthens the yonbip ecology
According to the announcement, the company intends to accept the circulation market value (million yuan) of grapefruits held by Hong Kong in cash in the amount of RMB 151 million: 100% equity. At the same time, the company intends to move the grapefruits in cash in the amount of RMB 79 million.
As a result, the replenishment will be used for business expansion, operating funds, outward investment and other purposes as determined by capital expenditure, financial budget programmes and business plans considered for adoption by the stockholders’ conference. This acquisition makes the company a rare home-grown company with a back end from 2c to the end of 2b.
Low-code platform manufacturers. The business model of the low-code platform is ecological. This acquisition integrates low-code development capabilities that move grapefruits into the company's bip ecosystem and is a step forward in the eco-economy of yombip, thereby truly unleashing the commercial value of the low-code platform and accelerating yombip with ecological power.
The Business Innovation Platform (BIP) provides a process of intellectual transformation services for global enterprises, promoting the deep integration of the digital economy with the real economy and enabling the upgrading of traditional industries.
"The Maroon Movement, a low-code platform with mature developers' ecology, has been brought together to date in strategic collaboration with the United States Corps to promote digitization of the catering industry."
Api of a large number of mainstream domestic and foreign third-party Paas and saas cloud service providers with more than 1,300 public modules, more than 20,000 private modules and more than 20,000 public api available for developers.
One key is called for the development of various types of applications for enterprises with digital transformation and business innovation needs to continue to accelerate the transformation of its productivity through self-researched cross-platform development of technology and low-code efficiency tools. Grapefruit mobility has been operating in depth for many years, with 1 million registered developers to date.
It is widely used, creating the largest third-party developer ecology in the country. According to the announcement, during the 2020 military year, grapefruits moved business income of $39,194.1 million and net profits of -653,700,000 have not yet been realized.
Companies have been farming in traditional business management software for many years, and the industry is well established; cloud services are strategic developments in the direction of rapid growth and long-term, and there is much room for future growth.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated; the cloud service transition has not advanced as expected; and the development and promotion of new products has been slower than expected: brain drain: increased competition in the industry: integration of grapefruit movements and expansion of future operations is not the case in figure 1: use of friend network ps-band over the past three years
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.