To work with the United States to expand micro-businesses, to elaborate on the five eco-programs, and to use the friendly network subsidiary to get through the recent announcement, to sign a strategic cooperation agreement with Tianjinhan Bo Information Technology Ltd., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the United States Mission.
Nearly 12 months ' maximum/minimum ($) households will provide comprehensive catering management system services.
Tianjin Hanbo provides other catering management systems and joins the United States to expand micro-businesses, and t+clud opens up 10 billion-degree market space.
The US Corps is China’s leading e-commerce platform for life services and a professional catering management system provider, with company prices compared to 300 deep, and a friend company, with China’s leading small microbusiness cloud service provider and software provider.
In the process of cooperation, it is hoped that t+cloud clouderp products will be made available to small micro-businesses covered by the United States Mission. According to a report published by Imran, t+cloud has the highest coverage in the Yunerp market.
The required front-end catering management system and back-end operations financial integration system will provide easy and seamless back-to-back integration and off-line integration of smart business services for clients. In addition, the two sides will combine their respective online and off-line resources and promote comprehensive catering pipes among the customers of existing catering businesses on both sides.
We believe that easy access will serve as an entry point for cooperation, working with the United States Regiment to promote digitalization of the catering industry, and to help business people in the catering industry to better manage and run their businesses. There are thousands of homes, and the price for the sale of the t+cloud flagship version is $2980/year, with annual payments.
In the long run, the two partnerships are expected to open up 20 billion market space per year for easy access, and t+cloud will have a vast future.
We believe that the purpose of this strategic cooperation agreement, signed with the United States subsidiary, is not only to expand the operations of the company's micro-business cloud service products, but also to promote the corporate eco-strategy.
In 2019, a new eco-strategy called "Integration" was officially launched by friends, proposing an in-depth report on the construction and operation of a global leader _ Friends Network: New Blue Business and Innovation Platform for Corporate Cloud Services, serving millions of clients, bringing together 100,000 partners, and developing billion-class members.
In the direction of eco-development, the Friends proposed the “Emergency Evolution for the Future” and released the Nuclears under the Friends 3.0 Strategy 2. “Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Heart Products yombip. By the end of 2020, the Friends developed 8,000+Eco-partners, 11,000+ Ecology.
Quantified evaluation report _ Friends Network: High Growth in Cloud Operations Application, 2000+ Channel Partners, Isv Accreditation Partners Increase by 30+, iuap Technical Platform Partners by 110+, Bank Ecopartners Increase by 40+ and Professional Service Partners Increase by 70+.
“Waaan Securities_Collaborative Research_Computer Industry_Evaluation Report_Use of Friends Network: q1 cloud business growth: 2021, “Further eco-building with friends”, five eco-programs, we believe.
Super-expected, yonbip Accelerated Eco-building through strategic-level products based on Toyombip, which continues to build a strong partner ecology, thus effectively transforming from a product-based to a platform-based, eco-based enterprise, capturing the portals to corporate-level cloud services, creating new ones.
The five eco-plans include: a “strength plan” for the strategic alliance's eco-partners.
Partnership activities, enabling 200 strategic ecological partners, mobilizing over 3 billion partner revenues, creating 30,000 jobs in industrial chains, creating over 10,000 client opportunities, investing over 2 billion in ecological cooperation, and leading to the intellectual upgrading of 100,000 enterprises.
2) In 2021, the company will continue to focus on household values, systematizing operations, intellectual support, and sunlight.
To strengthen eco-enabling and quality of delivery, with synergies between headquarters and agencies. For five major professional service partners, companies will design flexible models of cooperation and profitability, and develop standardized project cooperation processes that provide life-cycle coaching and empowerment of projects. Target 2021 will launch a dedicated project.
Business service partners received more than $1 billion, focusing on the development of 5+ diamond-level implementing partners, 30+g gold implementation partners, 50+g silver-plate implementing partners, with emphasis on partner empowerment, training, certification systems and operations management 3) `upgrading plans' targeted at Isv ecological partners.
A rich online appliance city+Application Centre double-wheel drive to support the development and online operation of Isv and to build a global leading “business services industry co-creation platform”. A “friend-to-peer + eco” model for physical product planning and R & D is planned for 2021, harmonized iuap, integrated yonbulder, unified api, unified api, harmonized
The portal and the creation of the “Isv Joint Innovation Centre” are planned to establish business cooperation with 300 Isv partners, with hundreds of millions of people certified by yonbuilder developers as having reached 2,000. It is also planned to invest 30 million in development and empowerment of Isv, 20 million in marketing of Isv, and 2 billion in matching investment incubators.
4) Launch of the `Kill Search Plan' for Channel Eco-partners. At the heart of the Yonbip Business Innovation Platform, 100 corporate cloud service partners are recruited.
(b) Introduction of a “Small-thinking plan” for eco-partners of talent. The aim is to be guided by the intellectual transformation of enterprises, to operate in an integrated manner through a “course platform + educational services + employment interface + social services”,
The value of cross-cutting and multi-inventive talent development is promoted through new business, new engineering and new two-initiative fields.
The country’s universities have chosen to build 30 colleges of intellectuals, four types of intellectual transformation, a 100-plus smart practice base, and 10,000-plus smart people for friendly business innovation. Together with America’s sustainable landing strategy, 21q1 companies have achieved high growth in cloud operations, and yonbip.
Ecology is gradually improving, and we see companies moving to corporate-level cloud service providers and business innovation platforms to keep up with growth, which is expected to accelerate with the increase in cloud operations. We estimate that the company’s 2022 product application and the ecological construction of the industry are not as high as expected.
Contact person: Shau Yiu, Applied Mathematics Promulgation University, five years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employed and foreign portfolio research sector. Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of Arts, Xiamen University, eight years of work experience, formerly employed in ni, keysight, 5g, and Smart Networked Motors.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.