More competitive products, faster national production, u9c, improved cloud system.
Building innovation platforms with a friend u9clud. As an important grouping of a friendly industrial Internet platform, u9c uses a full range of big data, material networking, ai, etc., to integrate services such as plm, smart industry, alot, field cloud, etc., to build an interconnected smart manufacturing system for growth-oriented enterprises.
Industry builds a one-stop digital upgrading programme to recreate the intellectual core competitiveness of manufacturing enterprises. We believe that u9c, built on lup, can better connect manufacturing enterprises with design, production, procurement, data collection, analysis, modelling and efficient operation, as we begin with the 14th Five-Five.
On May 16, the subsidiaries signed a strategic partnership with the United States to share their clients, and the company will rely on its leaders in such industries as bottom fishing.
In our view, the intellectual transformation of enterprises is first initiated by industry leaders and led by industry-wide chains.
Innovativeness and brand visibility have great advantages, and it is hoped that the future will take advantage of the wave of digitalization to expand the business of small and medium-sized clients from the advantage of large clients, and to achieve a rapid growth of small and medium-sized cloud operations.
Soyuz Network: Business Co-operation Agreement, where both parties will work together to serve business clients, and in the new era of risk modelling, smart banking, business, and service, where the country's leader is always strong.
At the end of the 20th century, the company agreed on a comprehensive strategy with the Bank of Peace. We believe that, as banks increase their investment in it, State-owned banks and commercial banks will be the main contributors.
In the future, it is expected that the remaining commercial banks, state-owned banks, etc., will be able to further open financial markets.
National production is growing rapidly, and high-end corporate markets are blue. Corporate cloud products are long gone, and they fit into systems such as titanium, Chinese electron pk, etc., and act as a core applicator of the ecosystem.
Small. The company ' s ncc product continues to be endorsed by Yunnan Teng, the Beijing Institute of Building Design, etc., replacing the spa/oracle system. We believe that our high-end company has a market of hundreds of millions of degrees, that the country ' s economy is growing, and that it is becoming more competitive.
Maintains the "buy-in" rating. The companies' beneficiary companies digitize, the int system’s domestic product wave: 1) bip \triangleright class is oriented towards digital upgrading and downstream clients’ spending shifts from cost-oriented to business-starter orientation.
Individual order volume levels are raised from a million to millions or even billions; 2) industry leaders are engaged in a digital upgrading of Sinda Securities Inc., and companies are expected to grow faster on the basis of large customer advantage, and small and medium cloud service markets are expected to grow faster; 3)
The process of substitution of national production is expected to accelerate with policy push and technological change.
\triangleright uses friends and China to publish a joint tobacco marketing solution. On May 18, China is an ecological convention, and friends and China are publishing a joint tobacco marketing solution.
And the advantages of the technology component, which is to build a two-stage business data center from friendly tobacco, will combine the advantages of friends yonbip with the advantages of China, build and sell eight sub-systems, integrate industrial marketing, create business synergies from business areas such as goods sources, brands, customers, logistics, and provide data services such as strategic performance, intelligence reporting, intelligence analysis, and digital control.
Six years of industry experience, former head of a global repository of information technology (IT) research and development, solutions sector team, joined the Seaton Securities in 2016, the fourth wealth of the team in 17 and 19 and the credit card in 2020.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.