q1 cloud business growth is higher than expected, yonbip has accelerated ecological construction The split shows that q1 software business earned $542 million, a 3.9 per cent decline in the same year, and cloud business earned $1 billion, a 50.13 per cent decline in the same year. Company 21q1 cloud business revenue has grown at a high rate, exceeding the market.
We expect that the corporate cloud transformation strategy will be working gradually. Q1’s good performance as a major driver of corporate growth – 43% – has led to increased corporate deferred revenue, and hence the impact of the growth.
The 21q1 cloud contract debt of $1.23 billion, an increase of 13.3% from the beginning of the year, is why we believe that high growth in the cloud industry is the core driver of the company and is expected to lead in the future to marginal improvements in the overall revenue growth of the software plus the cloud. Corporate cloud operations indicators perform well:
1) The income structure of the cloud shows that 21q1 large and medium-sized enterprises have achieved $399 million in cloud revenue, the impact of growth on the same year; the Government and other public organizations have achieved $28 million in cloud revenue, an increase of 120.6 per cent on the same year, with good developments in all lines of operation.
Microenterprise renewal rate 83.31%. Microenterprise renewal rate is larger than 71.68% at the end of 2020, accumulated into cloud-based products of $12,000, with an additional 1,000 at the beginning of the year.
Promising, Fujian Benz, Chinese People's Express, Sichuan Tobacco, Fujian Smoking, Central Radio and Television, etc.
• Research and development continues to invest more in the development of strategic-level products at the oybip level 2. “Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Corporate 21q1 R & D investment of $442 million, an increase of 32.2 per cent over the same period, and R & D investment as a share of revenue
Questions evaluation _ Friends Network: Continuous growth in cloud operations Annual recruitment plan, with an overall increase of 2,500 staff, over 10 per cent over the end of the previous year, heavy 3.
The number of R & D and cloud service operators increased by 1,500 or 60 per cent, and the number of R & D operators increased by 1500 or 60 per cent.
● Acquisition of large clouds to improve the product system and the ecology of cloud services gradually take shape
On the evening of 9 February, the company issued an announcement to calculate the shares of 56,57% of the company's shares in Shanghai, which is the subject of investment in the RMB 283 million. After the transaction was completed, the company held the shares of 84.74%.
Service providers. We believe that by buying the big cloud, companies are expected to further improve the product system of yombip. Human resources are an important aspect of the intellectual transformation of firms, and human resources are one of the core areas of the new yombip platform.
Further strong-intelligent cloud recruitment and yonbip overall human cloud services, such as empowerment, product integration, client and channel sharing, to provide clients with complete hrsaas solutions and services, to help clients improve recruitment efficiency, enhance talent supply chain management and better serve corporate talent development and industry
Innovation and change in management make it possible for clients to succeed. We see this acquisition as a useful attempt by companies to construct cloud services ecologicalally, a promising future through endogenous development and extended mergers and acquisitions, a continuous expansion of the biosphere of cloud services, and a complete enterprise-level solution.
The corporate cloud priority strategy continues to fall, 21q1 companies achieve high growth in cloud operations, yonbip eco-programming, and we see the transformation of companies into corporate cloud service providers and business innovation platform providers 1) related industrial policies fall short of expectations;
2) product application promotion and industrial ecological construction are not as expected; 3) research and development of key core technology for industrial software is not as promising as expected.
Contact persons: Zhao Yang, Master of Xiamen University, eight years of work experience, formerly working in ni, keysight, 5g, and Smart Networked Motors. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.