Xiaojie, Research Assistant, Shanghai, Japan March, enhanced tax-free operations off the island and launched the capital airport and Kaguya.
Billion yuan (+30.5%), net profit of 753 million (+32.3%) Ext. + withinrs and tax-free business growth.
52.49% (+8.04pt). Airport layout is gradually improved and the capital airport is profitable.
In July, the Hong Kong National Travel (601888), the winning bid was realized.
Tax-free shop at the successful Rainbow Bridge/Pudong Airport; income from Chengdu Airport (with tables in April) is 29 million, duty-free carrier at Pudongt2/Ion Bridge, and profit is 0.05 billion: revenue from the Macao Airport (with tables in June) is 32 million, and table
China Travel: In 17 years, the rate of growth in China as a whole was 31.5%. Japan (April 17, table, February 11, t3 only) earned 3.31 billion yuan and earned 55 million yuan, a new one introduced in February.
3. The impact of China ' s travel: tax-exempt business boom was significant, but it was still profitable; Hong Kong Airport (opened in November 2017) rose to an over-expected performance growth of 17 per cent in the medium term
Millions of yuan (+28 per cent), net profits of 788 million (+69 per cent), combined procurement channels led to a significant increase in profitability, with a net interest rate of 19 per cent and a 5-pc increase in the same year.
Portfolio prices, which drive tax exemptions from the island, continue to grow. Integration of procurement channels leads to an increase in Māori rates, capital airport drop-out rates affect marketing costs Overall Māori rate of 41.22% (+11.69pt), tax-free procurement channels integration and higher Māori rates
The revenue from the sale of goods increased to 73.31 per cent (+18 pct).  Sales cost increased by 12.17 pct (23.05 per cent) and was affected by the increase in the drop-out rate at the capital airport and the introduction of tax-free operations at the Hong Kong airport.
On May 29, it was approved to set up a fully-funded Sun-Directorate - the China-China Free Group - to operate the Headquarters, and on August 30, the company announcement will remove the Group from the 83 that it holds.
The transfer of shares of a subsidiary to Henan Headquarters, after completion of which the latter still holds 83 company shares (interconnection), does not affect consolidated statements, with 83 companies with a net book value of $4.1 billion. [macro level] Responds to the call by the country to open up further reforms in Hainan; [companies level] promotes tax-exempt operations in Hainan Island and enjoys it.
Hainan policy preferences (with 60 per cent in the first three years and 40 per cent in the second two years of local financial contributions from Haiguchi to the newly settled headquarters, excluding taxes) to accelerate the process of internationalization. Profit forecasting: incremental catalysts sustained, Hainan tax-free policy dividends/tax-free industrial integration/off-island tax exemption
Figure 3: Revenue from tax-free company operations (millions of yuan) and speed of increase
Figure 5: Corporate Māori and Net Interest Rates (NPEs)