A review of the events at the China National Tour (601888), which is expected to benefit from the promotion of the restructuring of the company and the professionalization of tax-exempt operations in the United States, July 18th, 2018.
According to the Chinese Securities Bulletin, on 17 July, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council held a videoconference with the heads of the Central Enterprise and Local State Finance Committees, which concluded its work in the first half of 2018 and deployed its priorities for the second half of the year. It proposed that the second half of the year should be a steady step forward in the restructuring of the company and in accelerating the professional integration of tax-exempt operations, among other things.
It was noted that in the second half of the year, State-owned capital would be further concentrated in priority sectors, key areas and niche enterprises in line with the national strategy, with firms with the dominant industries leading up to the creation of new development platforms, such as vehicles, the Beidou industry, large cruises, the industrial Internet, and the continued promotion of coal, steel, marine equipment, environmental protection, etc.
The meeting focused specifically on tax-free operations, reflecting the importance that the State Treasury Committee attaches to the development of the tax-free sector, and its commitment to guiding the return of consumption abroad in the context of the current slowdown in domestic consumption.
China’s China Rabbit Company under China’s Tourist Group is expected to accelerate industrial integration. This meeting highlighted the need to move forward steadily with the restructuring of China’s companies, while China’s only company involved in the tax-exempt area is China’s Travel Group, which is the controlling shareholder of China’s National Travel Group, while China’s Tourism Group’s tax-exempt company is China’s.
In Japan, the exemption is the only tax-free enterprise that can operate tax-free operations throughout the country, with tax-exempt and intra-city tax-exempt operating qualifications. With the subsequent acquisition of China and Shanghai by the exemption companies, China has the highest number of companies in the tax-exempt industry in the country, and is a leader in the tax-exempt industry, with clear advantages in terms of procurement, access, etc., and is expected to benefit from expansion.
The meeting proposed to speed up efforts to professionalize tax-free operations in the second half of this year, with China’s tourism grouping, with the possibility of further integrating high-quality tax-exempt resources in the country. If achieved, the company’s leading duty-free position would expand the size of tax-exempt operations, and the Māori rate would be expected to increase.
The Division’s future tax-free sales are expected to grow rapidly, with companies expected to increase their bargaining power over future tax-suppliers by adding to the expected year 2018 tax-free rights at Shanghai Airport. The increase in the company’s Māori ratio is judged by reference to the world’s tax-free giant, dufry, which grew from $1.5 billion to $3 billion in 2007-2012, and the tax-free Māori ratio rose from 56% to 56%.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.