The company's review report on the catering and tourism industry, which continued to grow at a high rate on Thursday, 30 August 2018, and the tax-free sector dividend.
□ On 30 August, the Chinese brigade issued its semi-annual report for 2018, during which the company achieved a gross operating income of 2,108 million yuan, an increase of 67.77 per cent over the reporting period, and a net return profit of 1.919 billion yuan, an increase of 47.60 per cent over the same period. The transfer of each share to China China, a fully-owned subsidiary established in Hainan, was realized.
□ The growth in corporate operating income is mainly due to the contribution of tax-free operations, which generated 1447 million yuan in tax-exempt operations during the reporting period, an increase of 126.31 per cent over the same period.
In March, China increased tax-exempt revenues by RMB 3,834 million; the Hong Kong airport tobacco and alcohol section, which opened in November 2017, became operational □ according to the company's previous announcement, China collected RMB 924 million in January-February 2017 and RMB 1,362 million in April-June 2017, which is about RMB 457 million per month for the airport in the capital city of China.
Millions of yuan, equivalent to 682 million yuan a month, and 3,834 million yuan a month in March-June 2018 and 959 million yuan a month, an increase of 41% over the same period. It can be seen from the above estimates that duty-free sales at the capital and Shanghai airports, which currently have the largest flow of incoming and outgoing passengers in the country, continue to increase at a very high rate.
As a result of this increase, traditional tax-exempt shops have limited Māori, which is more meaningful than expanding the tax-free sales model, thereby increasing firms’ bargaining power over upstream suppliers. □ With regard to the more market-focused exchange-rate effects, cash flows have reduced cash during the reporting period due to exchange rate movements
The amount of $56.98 million represents a decrease of $5.32 million in the previous period, while the balance of cash and its equivalent at the end of the period mainly affects the cost of goods and the Māori rate, the company can properly reduce the impact of exchange rate fluctuations by adjusting the payment cycle, and tax-free sales can increase bargaining power.
The impact is expected to be felt in the second half of the year. □ This transfer of equity is a restructuring of equity in the context of corporate consolidated statements that helps companies actively participate in and contribute to the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Area (Hinang Port), while improving the strategic layout of corporate tax-exempt operations and consolidating companies
The dominant position in the duty-free market in Hainan Island accelerates the process of internationalization and enhances integrated competitiveness. □ The company’s tax-exempt business has accelerated and is now dominated by the domestic tax-exempt market, which is monopolistic, and is reported in China’s Annual Report 2017 and 2018 I.
The Division is steadily moving forward with the expansion of internationalization, and the tax-exempt business map is expected to continue to expand.
Zhang, the advantage of scale has increased the flow of passengers in Triya Bay less than expected: 4) Newly opened airport stores are sold less than expected. Point. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary increase and decline over the same period. No change will occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.