Winner, T.A.R.E.T. 2-Ring Bridge, duty-free carrier again. 22nd of July 2018, research assistant, Xiaojie.
The company announced on 20 July that the subsidiary would be exempt from the Shanghai-based tax-free shop project at the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport and Shanghai-Pundong International Airport. The combined sales at Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport were 42.5%, with a total guaranteed sales of RMB 2,071 million during the contract period.
Of these, the tax-free entrance/exit site for the T1 terminal at Shanghai Pier International Airport began at 0000 hours on 1 January 2022, and the satellite hall began on the opening day. The rate of deductions was as expected and the contract was stable over time.
The contract period is seven years, from 1 January 19 to 31 December 25; of these, Pudong Airport t1 made a reasonable contribution in 2016, and there are no problems in achieving the target.
The total was $40.1 billion and 2,071 million, respectively, corresponding to a total of $99.2 billion at a withholding rate of 42.5 per cent, and a total of $10.9 billion at a 40 per cent income ratio, taking into account the 38 per cent deduction rate for the first three years of Pudongt 1.
1. The strategy is significant in the two core airport tax-exempt stores. Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International 2017.
2- “China travel: tax-free business scene”, airport passengers amounted to 4,188 million throughput, 13 km from the centre of the city, Shanghai's “Grand Rainbow, 17% over-expected growth in performance in the medium term”
A major component of the bridge business area is its greater commercial potential. The Shanghai Pundong International Airport, 3 Japan-based tax-free shop complex, is one of the country's three major international airports, with 70 million passengers in 2017.
Upgrade, with a reported 18 per cent increase in performance, ranking 9th in the global airport, which will gradually be built into a large, complex hub with a local bulk hub function, a portal hub function, a domestic and international transit hub function, in which
The position of the airport retail tourism industry is very important, and the winning bid is of strategic importance.) Experienced, active and promising. 1) Tax-free operating space will be expanded, with Rainbow Bridge going from 1,500 square meters before the tender to 2088 square meters, Pudong Airport.
The tax-free operating area was increased from 6,600 square metres prior to the invitation to bid to 16915 square metres. (2) Shanghai is experienced in operating Shanghai International Airport for almost 20 years, and will actively upgrade the shopping environment and the shopping brand: on products, integration and Japanese retail advantages, over.
Good commodity structures and rich brand combinations, introducing more popular international front-line brands; price, continuing to maintain overvalued price advantages and provide more attractive commodity prices; service, seeking excellence, and creating a more luxuries tax-free shopping experience for consumers.
In recent times, the profits have been frequent and tax-free dragons have flown. 1) At the second plenary meeting of the seven governments of Hainan Province, plans were made to promote the opening of a tax-free store in the city of Haiguchi, the opening of a tax-free shop in Chonghai, and the number of tourists who spent the night in Sanya, Haiguchi and Chonghai in 17 years, 1831/1488/33 million, respectively, and the impact of the passenger-traffic meetings in Gabo, which is expected to increase rapidly.
In the afternoon of 17 July, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council called for a videoconference between the heads of central enterprises and local national funds councils to promote the further transfer of State capital to the eligible country.
A strategic concentration of priority sectors, key areas and niche enterprises, led by firms with the dominant industries, and the rapid integration of specializations such as tax-exempt operations, with the BN, as the absolute leader of the tax-exempt industry, expected priority benefits; 3) the successful acquisition of tax-free operating rights for the Italian Xueda cruise cruise Atlantic and the signing of cooperation with the Xinda cruise
The memorandum, which initially agreed on a comprehensive future cooperation with its parent company, Carnival, marks the first time that the China-China exemption group has autonomously operated tax-exempt products on internationally renowned cruise ships, opening a new chapter in cruise duty-free operations and internationalization. Future incremental catalysts are expected to stay on the ground and grow.
Potential catalysts, such as tax shops, the liberalization of the city-wide tax-free shop policy and the construction of a tax-free complex at the capital airport, are expected to be sustained, with long-term growth of tax-exempt champions. Profit forecasts: this tender does not affect 18 years of performance, taking into account the announcement issued by the company on 3 May that the deal is going through.
After an antimonopoly review by the Department of Commerce, we assumed that the day of May would begin and be on the table, with a profit increase of more than 10 per cent; and that East Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, had a portfolio investment advisory.