The National Council for Development recently issued guidance calling for a further reduction in the price of tickets in priority national sites by the end of this year's 11th Golden Week.
The daily newspaper says that it is not enough to drop tickets, but also to lower the cost of transportation such as stowages and ferries. Lowering the price of tickets would effectively reduce the cost of tourists’ rigidity, reduce the burden of tourism, raise the popularity of viewers, and attract objective tourism.
According to the annual report of the listed company, the revenue from the cable and passenger operations in 2017 was 55 per cent of the total; the receipts from the Mt. Omnibus and passenger traffic camps were 69 per cent of the total.
In addition to lowering the price of tickets, the scenery should accelerate the transformation and further reduce the cost of transport facilities and other public facilities. First, the high transportation costs are not conducive to the development of the scenery and raising the profile.
In the light of the growing trend towards quality and depth, tourists are no longer contented with traditional attractions, but rather pursue a rich industry week product that brings together policy perspectives and locational experiences. New types of integrated destination sites, such as Disney and Kubei Water Town, have been created in recent years, with significant impacts on traditional sites.
Market hot spots, industry depths, are integrated, and have an important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns. In this context, the landscape should be less dependent on transport facilities, faster to adapt to market demand.
Inland charges, such as sods, cable cars, ferry cars, etc., will bring more customers to the landscape, thereby stretching the tourist industry chain and gradually fostering individualization and distinctiveness.
In the past two years, the Yellow Hills, Mogo Caves, etc., have implemented a “scenario change,” with a follow-up evaluation, with reasons given for proposing a change in shares. District tickets + resorts have increased by up to 30% over the same time as scheduled; and “one-vote” price reforms have been introduced in the Qingjima viewing area, and a “one-vote” price reform has been implemented.
So, the same thing as lowering the price of tickets for the next three months, we think these stocks are going to win the market significantly.
At the same time, the costs of transportation and public facilities in the landscape area should be further reduced in order to accommodate the needs of tourists and accelerate the transition.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, United States: 78.3 per cent hotel occupancy in the United States area in the third week of July 2018, an increase of 0.4 percentage points in the same year; average daily house price of $135.2, an increase of 2.6 per cent in the same year; and income per room available for $105.8, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year.
Global: In June 2018, the highest global occupancy rate was in Europe, at 79.3 per cent, and the lowest in the Middle East and Africa, at 52.5 per cent; the highest global average housing cost was in Europe, at $154.2 and the lowest in Asia and the Pacific, at $102.1; the highest global income per room available was in Europe, at $122.3 and the lowest in Asia and the Pacific, at $71.
As of June 2018, our tax-free imports had reached $7.42 billion, or 22.2 per cent, and as of June 2018, our air traffic had reached 300 million passengers, or 12.4 percentage points.
Risk factors: macroeconomic downsides, high exchange rate fluctuations, political and diplomatic tensions, high incidence of malignant events, repeated meteorological disasters and extreme weather events. [Excellently] China Brigade (60188.sh) > Our tax-free sales are growing at a high rate
In recent years, our tax-exempt industry has grown rapidly, with national tax-exempt sales rising from 6 billion yuan in 2008 to 26.3 billion yuan in 2016, roughly one-fold every four years. Our national consumption of luxury goods has also grown rapidly, from 151.6 billion yuan in 2008 to 53.3 billion yuan in 2016, up from 23 per cent in Cagr. Despite the high growth in tax-exempt sales and consumption of luxury goods, our share of duty-free sales has risen.
The tax-free sales (tax-free sales/luxury consumption) are well below the world average, and in 2016, for example, the country ' s 4.9 per cent and the world ' s 25.2 per cent on average, as a result of rising consumption and policy-led consumption returns, our tax-free sales will reach 6.5 per cent in 2020, corresponding to our consumption of luxury goods of $781.2 billion in 2020 (the McKinsey forecast), and our tax-free sales will reach $50.7 billion in 2020, an annual increase of 18 per cent from 2016.
In recent years, China’s tax-exempt companies have become the leaders of China’s tax-exempt industry, through acquisition days and active participation in bidding for tax-exempt bid lines, vigorous efforts to develop tax-exempt exemptions from the island, active exploration of tax-exempt duty-free within the city have led to a qualitative upgrading of tax-exempt operations, and the sales of tax-exempt operations and Māori rates are increasing.
In the context of rising fees and policies to steer consumption back, China’s travel brigade will fully enjoy the double benefits of rapid expansion and industry growth. China’s travel agency’s business has grown steadily, and its Māori rate has remained essentially at 9% since 2013.
The focus of future development provides direction. Profit forecasting and investment ratings, based on industry judgement, forecast revenue, cost, profits and cash flows over the next 10 years.
With expansion and high industry growth, tax-free operations will continue to grow at a high rate, while the company’s travel agency’s operations will rise steadily, and we expect 18, 19, 51 times as much. The company is given an “upscaling” rating.
Relevant studies: China Brigade 20180717 (601888.sh): Consumer escalation plus policy support, with tax-free flagships becoming stronger; China Brigade 20180723 (60188.sh) with China ' s winning bid to Shanghai Airport, with a renewed right to tax-free operation; Toysche, Master of International Trade and Business Law, University of McCaurey, official addition to the Union ' s Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, December 2014 for research in the consumer and energy-chemical industries.
Fan Xian, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Aixat, formally joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2017, for research in the consumer sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sindam Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.