In mid-2018, the Chinese brigade (601888) reported an increase of 48.44 per cent over the same year, and its performance was largely in line with expectations.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s operating income grew by 67.77%, mainly from tax-free operations. In the first half of the year, the company ' s tax-exempt commodity sales generated business income of $14,947 million, an increase of 126.31%.
Revenue from duty-free operations at the Sea Bay Free Shopping Centre amounted to $4.03 billion, resulting in an increase of $898 million in tax-free operations (i.e. 28.65 per cent in the first half of the year); tax-free operations at the capital airport (including the T2 and t3 air terminal) amounted to $3.97 billion in tax-free operations, resulting in tax-free operations.
Increment: 2,611 million yuan; increased tax-exempt revenue through the acquisition of the Shanghai Tax Free Company Ltd. $3,834 million; tax-free business income from the Hong Kong Airport Free Shop, opened in November 2017, $952 million in the first half of the year. The Māori rate for the company ' s main business was 40.90 per cent in the first half of the year, compared to last year ' s.
The increase of 12.17 percentage points during the same period is due mainly to the expansion of the company’s market for higher-rate commodities, the expansion of its tax-free operations and the expected increase in the rate. As the company’s winning tax-free operations in Hong Kong, the capital city airport, and Shanghai are listed in parallel, the company’s sales of tax-free goods will grow rapidly.
The size of the operation will increase to $30 billion by the end of 2018. The increase in the size of the business will lead to an increase in the company’s bargaining power over upstream duty-free suppliers, thereby increasing the Māori rate.
The amount of revenue collected by dufry has increased from 600 million euros to 7 billion euros, and the rate of Maori in duty-free operations has risen from 56% to 73%, an increase of 17 percentage points. And the company’s current size is expanding rapidly, and the rate of Maori has accelerated its efforts to professionalize tax-exempt operations, with the potential to benefit from such companies.
On July 17, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council held a videoconference with the heads of the Central Enterprise and the Local State Finance Committee, in which they proposed a steady push for the restructuring of the company and the acceleration of the professional integration of tax-exempt operations, among other things.
The only companies in the field are the China Travel Group, the controlling shareholder of the Chinese National Brigade, and the tax-free company under the Chinese Tourist Group is the China Free Company. There are currently companies with tax-exempt qualifications in China that are exempt, in-depth, in-depth, in-service, in-service, in-service, in-country, in-country, in-country, and in-country, in-country.
As a leader of our tax-exempt industry, companies with clear advantages in terms of procurement, channels, etc., have the potential to further integrate high-quality tax-exempt resources within the country, if possible.
The achievement of tax-exempt status of companies will be further consolidated. The rating system for securities investment in East Timor: The “market index” of this rating system has a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.