The company's announcement states that the company's wholly-owned subsidiaries are exempt from the tax-exempt Japan Company (Shanghai) Ltd. (hereinafter “Shanghai”)
The announcement indicated that Shanghai's winning price was 2071 million yuan in guaranteed sales and 42.5 per cent in combined sales during the contract period for the International Airport.
For the period covered by the inter-air airport contract, the base sales were raised to a total of RMB 41 million, or 42.5% of the combined sales. The pre-established contract period was from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2025, of which the T1 terminal at Shanghaipool International Airport started at 0000 hours on 1 January 2022 and the satellite hall started operating from the start. The rate of deductions at Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport and Shanghai Pudong International Airport was this time.
42.5% is lower than the previous rates of withholding of 47.5% and 43.5% of the air terminal of the winning capital airport at t2, t3 stations. In addition, based on the total volume of sales at the bottom of the contract period, the average annual compound increase in duty-free sales for the years 2018-2025 corresponds to Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport and Shanghai Pudong Airport.
In 2016, China achieved operating income and net profits of 633 million yuan and 255 million yuan, respectively; in the first three quarters of 2017, there was a rapid increase in operating revenue. In addition, the China-China Free Group officially stated that Rainbow Bridge airport now had a duty-free area of 1,500 square metres, increased to 2088 square metres after a new round of tenders, and that Pudong airport had a duty-free area of 16915 square metres from 6,600 square metres before the bidding.
With nearly 20 years of experience operating at the International Airport, and keeping in mind the good reputations in Shanghai, the company will integrate the retail advantages of tourism in both blocs and Japan, improve the commodity structure and a rich brand portfolio, and introduce more internationally-populated front-line brands. On the whole, the company will increase at a compound rate over the next eight years, taking into account the growth rate of the Shanghai camp in 2017, and considering the expansion of the tax-free area of the new round of tenders.
With Hong Kong, Capital Airport, Shanghai, the company’s winning tax-free business coming together, the company’s future sales of tax-free goods are expected to grow from about $9 billion to $20 billion over the next two to three years. The scale of operations will increase the company’s bargaining power over upstream duty-free suppliers, thus increasing the Māori rate.
From 2007 to 2012, the amount of revenue collected by Dufry increased from $1.5 billion to $3 billion, a period similar to that of the exemption period, and it is expected that the Māori rate of corporate tax-exempt operations will increase significantly over the next two to three years. This rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.