According to Xinhua Network, the second plenary (extended) meeting of the seven Governments of Hainan Provinces was held on 11 July, noting that Hainan will be in the second half of this year.
The policy is strongly supported, and the Hainan exemption is expected to continue booming. As mentioned earlier in April this year in the China-China Central State Council’s Guidance on Supporting China-South Reform and Opening, the International Tourism Consumption Centre is the four strategic locations of the Hainan Free Trade Zone.
First, the Government of Hainan proposes an implementation programme for the second half of the year as an important step in bringing the strategy to the ground. According to Hainan Tourism Council, Hainan will focus the second half of the year on the implementation of the International Tourism Consumer Centre Implementation Programme, which will promote the opening of tax-free stores in Haiguchi, the opening of tax-free shops in Jonglei; the attraction of international cruise companies such as Carnival, Cloud Top, and Shi Xian and two or three international brand hotels; and the creation of 59 countries free of public subscriptions.
Services platforms and travel agency head-subsidization schemes have opened up more international routes. Whether to promote the opening of new duty-free shops in the city, to start work, or to attract international cruise ships and hotel companies to host their own businesses, this has been very beneficial for the development of tourism in Hainan Province, which is conducive to further enhancing the attractiveness of tourists, both within and outside the sea, promoting the return of overseas consumption, and providing a favourable environment for the development of duty-free operations in Hainan Island.
The second phase of work at Seagate Airport will be completed, with a larger space for tax-free development in Haiguchi City. The construction of the T2 terminal at Haiguchi Melan Airport II, with an area of 296,000 square metres, approximately three times the size of the t1 terminal, is still in the process of being stepped up and is expected to be completed by the end of 2018 and will be operational in 2019. In 2017, the number of passenger traffic at Seaport Melan Airport reached 22,584.8 million, representing an increase of 20.11 per cent compared with the 20.11 per cent increase in operational pressure.
At that time, the t2 terminal will be operationalized to ease the operational pressure on the t1 terminal and will contribute to an increase in the number of air traffic tourists in Haiguchi and provide a larger potential consumer group for the sea port’s duty-free operations. Currently, offshore duty-free operations are limited to duty-free shops operating at Seaport Merland Airport, where the total volume of sales and the unit price of passengers is lower than Sanya International Tax-Free City, mainly because of the fact that Seaport American Airport is the owner of the tax-free store.
On the other hand, because duty-free shops in the city are less restricted in space, time and goods, and because they are more abundant, they will have a better unit price and total sales than airport stores. Adding to the increase in the number of tourists from the T2 terminal, the opening of the airport to operate, this time pushing for the opening of duty-free shops in Haiguchi will open up space for the growth of duty-free markets off the sea.
In February 2017, China and China joined forces to establish the Hainan Sea Free Company, which, in our view, has an important role to play.
The company will continue to invest more in tax-exempt operations and hopefully fully benefit from the policy dividend. Information from the company’s first interim shareholder meeting in April 2018 shows that the company’s investment plan for 2018 totalled $5,091 million, of which fixed-assets investment plan
In 2018, the company will increase its investment in tax-free operations in Sanya, and will be expected to benefit from the benefits of the expansion of open and duty-free preferential policies in Hainan.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.