The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies has performed well in tax-free operations, and the new airport has made a significant contribution.
The increase in the tax-free Māori rate is evident in the first half of the year, when the income and benefits of the company grew rapidly. q1 is broken down by the impact of the capital airport and the chart, q2 Shanghai airport and the table.
Half-yearly, tax-exempt and traditional tax-exempt income grew by 28 per cent and 3.4 per cent, respectively, with profits growing by 69 per cent and 22.6 per cent, and domestic performance grew by a strong boost: new and partly China (the capital airport t3 t 1. " China Travel Company rating - 42.5 per cent deduction rate obtained "
The net profits from the implementation of the new contract were diluted by the airport; Shanghai Airport increased the profits by 215 million yuan from March: Hong Kong Airport was partially opened in November last year, official July 2.
In the first half of the year, income was 952 million yuan, about 120 million yuan, and in June, the Macao airport, respectively, realized revenues and profits of 0.32 million yuan and -111 million yuan.
In response to the promotion of the Hainan Free Trade Zone, which focuses on the preponderance of the Hainan Free Market, the company transferred all of its subsidiaries from the China Free Company to the China Free Company, a fully-owned subsidiary established in Hainan.
Operating Headquarters Ltd.: without prejudice to the performance of the company, conversion is conducive to facilitating tax-exempt operations from Hainan Island, fully enjoying local preferences, and accelerating the internationalization of the China National Travel Company.
On the whole, there is now a reasonable return to China’s GNB’s valuation, with the company’s performance growing in the long run and China’s tax-free market development company having a stronger stock price support: there is a negative correlation between the RMB exchange rate and the company’s Māori ratio.
In the first half of this year, the tax-free Māori rate will be affected by last year’s RMB appreciation. Meanwhile, this year, due to China’s trade problems and the strong trend of the US dollar to depreciate the RMB, considering the dynamics, Māori rates this year are difficult to estimate for the RMB’s exchange rate changes, on the one hand, and the devaluation of the RMB, on the other.
The consumer’s willingness to consume abroad is reduced to domestic shopping. Returning to the value of investment in China’s national capital, the company’s short-term and long-term presence of catalysts (intra-city duty-free shops and internationalization expansion) is long-term.
The company will benefit from the State ' s policy of directing the return of overseas consumption as a national leader in tax-free operations. (8621) 60933978 Nari.
The increase in the Māori rate was not as high as expected: duty-free shops in the city were not as high as expected; tax-free off-island policies were not as open as expected; the domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights was taking place; and the renminbi exchange rate continued to depreciate.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment