The satellite hall and Pudong T1 are over-expected, and the company's fully-owned subsidiary exempts Shanghai from being selected for the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport Free Shop projects.
For the duration of the contract, a total of 2,071 million yuan has been raised for sales at Rainbow Bridge Airport, and the day of sales at Pudong Airport will run until 31 December 2025, of which the t1 terminal at Pudong Airport will be duty-free from 0000 hours on 1 January 2022 and the satellite hall from the opening day.
Satellite hall and Pudongt1 duty-free zone are the bright spots, and the rate of deduction meets market expectations: the duty-free operation of Pudong Airport T1 was renewed by negotiation from 31 December 2021 to the end of the day. The tender established a new deduction contract for t1 from 1 January 2022.
1. China Travel Company Tracking Study - RMB rate of 2.5% is accounted for. Tax-free operating rights are also granted to the Satellite Agency, which is expected to be completed in June 2019 and will be operational in the second half of the year. Data on total sales raised in the warranty are not split as before.
20107162. The performance of the Chinese Annual Travel Report and the Quarterly Review 18q1 is similar to that of the capital airport, where the first year of sales is clearly defined in the tender, while Shanghai airport is accounted for on the basis of the total amount of the contract period, which is 19-25 years, taking into account the fact that the base rent of the satellite office is 41 billion yuan.
Rainbow Bridge Airport is RMB 2.07 billion. For the seven-year period at Pudong Airport (Satellite 3. " China National Travel " ) the bottom line is RMB 96.5 billion and the Rainbow Bridge is RMB 4.87 billion.
On the basis of the higher rates of warranty and deduction, Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport account for 42.5 per cent of the cut-off rate: Ion, 4. " The performance of the China National Travel Company for 17 years is in line with the forecast. " 17 years of duty-free sales at Bridge Airport amounting to approximately $390 million, based on a 15 per cent growth rate, achieved during the contract period.
About $5.7 billion. Pudong Airport tests are more complex. t2 started a new contract in January 19 and t1 started a new contract in January 2022 from the Third Quarterly Review of the Chinese State Brigade - the Sanya Free Shop.
Since there is no information on the commercial planning of the Satellite Office, the location of the Satellite Office complements Pudong T1 and T2 with some diversionary effects, and a combination of 15-20% of the tax-free rate per year in Shanghai.
Profits of 1.1 billion yuan: May 18, beginning and running at the Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport (in proportion to 51% equity), 19 years, taking into account that after a transition period of not more than one year, duty-free goods from Shanghai were purchased by Chinese companies, and at the end of Shanghai Airport retail (in proportion to 51% shareholding) for the whole year, and April
The Māori rate is not as high as expected; the country is open to duty-free operations; and the city's duty-free stores are not located as expected.
Chart 1: Combined consideration of the various tax-exempt bands affected the company ' s performance for 18-20 at Shanghai Pundong and Rainbow Bridge Airports, starting in May 2018 and on schedule, transitioning from January to March with zero mark-up in 19 years and from April to December with a total of 4 to December with a 35 per cent rate of deduction in the form of bid
Assuming a 60 per cent Māori mark-up during the transition period and a 45 per cent post-centralized Māori rate taking into account income tax and a 25 per cent income tax rate, an analysis of the relevant reporting ratings in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment