The tax-exempt business grew strongly, and the vanguards continued to be reported in mid-2018 for China Travel (601888).
Events: The company released its mid-year report in 2018, which resulted in the return of $21,085 million, an increase of 41.63 per cent in the first half of the year, the return to the mother ' s net profit of $1.919 billion, the increase in tax-free business activity relative to the increase in Mäori ' s gross profit, the significant increase in the pull-up performance, the collection of $21,085 million (+67.77 per cent) and the deduction of the net return to the mother of $1.910 billion (+48.44 per cent).
In the first half of the year, the number of international tax-free city shopping (+30%) continued to grow at a high level. The capital airport t2+t3 (the previous year's q2 table) achieved $3.973 billion (+191.74%) and in March of this year Shanghai, Japan, contributed $3.834 billion in operating income; Hong Kong airport earned $952 million (about $120 million in losses) in tax-free income during the reporting period.
The company ' s overall Māori ratio increased significantly to 40.90 per cent (+12.17 per cent) during the reporting period, mainly as a result of the expansion of tax-exempt operations and increased rental costs, with a small decrease of 0.44 per cent in the management cost rate, and the financial cost rate, with tax-exempt multi-channel expansion, demonstrated its advantage in size.
In November last year, the Hong Kong airport tax-free shop opened, joined forces to sign a five-year tax-free Macao airport and set up a tax-free company in Macao, granted the Atlantic cruise, and tax-free offshore operations.
The power is growing: the six airports of Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingjia, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi, the two main airports of Shanghai are free of charge, competitive bidding is in place, active deployment of two or three lines + control of core airport resources in first-line cities, and the share of the domestic market is growing further. The Hainan Free Trade Zone has made good progress, with the cumulative number of duty-free shopping in South China during the first half of this year amounting to 1.73 million (+22.6%), with a total of $5.29 billion.
In the future, tax-exempt operations have been further refined, the scale effects of which are expected to become more visible, and the performance of multiple profit-making firms is expected to continue to grow.
In 2018, the company benefited from a high Māori tax-free business collection and a rising share, with a significant increase in overall performance, and, given that the new tax-free shop in Hong Kong, Hong Kong, is still in a period of low investment recovery, there is still much room to improve overall corporate performance after the release of profits from the new open shop in the future. Companies will continue to actively expand their tax-free business channels, increasing their domestic and foreign influence and competitiveness, and their performance is expected to continue.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth,
A study in the field of drinking tourism. An analysis of the research's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies