The company was created on the basis of the consolidation of securities under the banner of the Chinese Constituency Group, and in 2003 the company was founded in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China.
The first securities firm in China to be listed in the A+h stock market in Hong Kong in 2011 became a listed transaction in Hong Kong, and the main holding companies currently under the flag include the Goldstone Investment, the Middle-Cold Futures and the Huaxia Fund (62% shareholding).
As industry leaders, a number of core indicators rank first in the industry and lead the way. According to the securities firm’s business performance rankings in the first half of 2019, of the five indicators of asset size and business performance, Sino-Sin securities are all top in the list, with total assets leading by 39% and net capital by 39%.
In the second place, at 18 per cent, capital size is strong, and given the consistent trend of increasing the share of heavy-asset operations in industry since 2018, Sino-Sin securities are expected to accelerate the development of their capital operations with their leading capital strength, raising corporate overall returns.
A robust growth in financial performance and a strong performance in the first half of the year 2019 realized business income of $21,791 million, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year, a return to the mother ' s net profit of $6,446 million, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year and a weighted average net asset return of 4.11 per cent in the same year.
Growth of 0.46 percentage points. Net profit growth is lower than data for the first quarter, and is associated with a fall in market performance in the second quarter, and the impact of the downside index on the return on self-investment. Heavy asset operations performed relatively well in the first half of the year, with both self-employment and credit operations increasing by more than 45 per cent: light asset operations are relatively low, with only
A 3 per cent positive growth in investment and a small decline in revenue from both management and brokering.
In the first industry, 23.5 billion yuan was first committed in August 2019, with a market share of 18.11 per cent, well above the second eight percentage point. The project stock is abundant, and the Sino-Sin securities are currently reviewing business and counselling files.
In the area of brokering, financial technology is driving the transition up, and stock-based markets are rising. The management of the business is moving in an orderly manner.
Management, retail operations are growing in size. Self-help silos have worked, and the period is now combined with efficiency gains.
The securities sector doubled its performance in the first half of 2019, and the industry’s leverage rate continued to rise. Since 2019, as capital market reform policies, particularly the investment process, centred on the launching of the CSCR pilot, have gradually fallen, the overall activity of the domestic securities market has increased significantly over the same period in 2018.
In the first half of 2019, 131 traders achieved combined operating income of $17,894.1 million, an increase of 41.37 per cent, net profit of $66,662 million, an increase of 102,866 per cent. In the first half of 2019, industry raised the turnover of capital, particularly for capital-consumption operations such as self-employment and credit operations.
Both rapid landings, untying of stock exchanges, and encouraging venture capital entry and greater openness to the outside world have long and far-reaching implications for the securities industry. Regulatory policies maintain a broad, innovative tone, superseding marginal monetary policies, securities banks, etc.
Business is going to be a fast-paced development period.
For the third year in a row, aaa was rated and received a discount on venture capital readiness; the purchase of Guangzhou securities will be further expanded to share the development dividend for the Great Island Bay region of Hong Kong; and a direct increase in investment returns is expected in 2019 from the reduction of CAC equities: the employee holding scheme will enhance employee motivation while improving operational efficiency.
1.9 x Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. SCM benefits directly from the capital market policy dividend as an industry leader, wind controls are perfected for three consecutive years aaa, the acquisition of Guangzhou securities will further expand the business map, and a reduction in the holdings of CBS stocks is expected to boost investments in 2019
Benefits, and employee ownership plans to enhance employee motivation and efficiency. See industry-wide and comparable corporate valuations, different from the general public's perception.
Sustainable incomes, with relatively small reliance on market dynamics, have increased performance more robustly. Securities-sector policies have maintained a loose and innovative tone, capital-market deepening reforms are under way, financial supply-side structural reforms have gradually fallen, monetary-policy margins have been relaxed, and the average monthly increase in the number of quasi-advertised coupons has been more than 7%.
The Sino-Chinese securities industry has a strong leader, benefiting directly from the capital market policy dividend, improved wind control for three consecutive years aaa and benefits from risk capital readiness discounts; the acquisition of Guangzhou securities will further expand the business map to share the development dividend for the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong: the reduction in the holding of CBS stocks is expected to increase investment returns directly in 2019, with employees holding shares.
The plan is to increase staff motivation while improving operational efficiency. Merger and acquisition reductions have not progressed as expected, stock pledge risks, liquidity risks, and policies have not advanced as expected.
Sino-Sin securities are large consolidated securities groups, the first shareholder being China-China-Sin-Sin Limited, with a direct share ratio of 16.50%. The company was formed on the basis of the consolidated securities business under the Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Chu flag.
Bond companies, which are currently the main holding companies, include the Goldstone Investment, Medium-Soldier Futures and the Huaxia Fund (62% holding shares), continue to explore and practice new business models, take the lead in proposing and implementing new types of buyer business within the industry, direct investment, bond-marketing, large-scale transactions, etc. Since its inception, Sino-Sinse securities have been the net capital, net assets, and so on.
Investment banks, wealth management, fixed earnings, asset management, and so on remain market leaders. At present, there are more than 8 million retail customers of Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino securities, and 35,000 domestic firms and institutions, covering major corporations, important local companies, and influential companies.
As a leader in the industry, a number of core indicators rank first in the industry and lead the second largest. According to the Securities Industry Association, securities companies ranked first in their business performance in the first half of 2019, and top out of five indicators in the asset size and business performance category, middle-sein securities ranked first, with total assets ahead of second-ranking Thai King-Ann 39%, net capital.
In comparison with the industry average, Sino-Sinse securities are five indicators that exceed the industry average.
In the first half of 2019, with the exception of brokering, which ranks sixth in terms of earnings, Sino-Sin securities ranked fifth in terms of income.
In the first half of 2019, Sino-Chinese securities achieved business income of $21,791 million, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $6,446 million, an increase of 15.82 per cent in the same year, and a weighted average net asset return of 4.11 per cent, an increase of 0.46 per cent in the same year. Net profits increased at a slower rate than in the first quarter, with a decline in market activity in the second quarter, and the impact of the lower index level on self-employment.
The performance of heavy asset operations was relatively good in the first half of the year, with both self-employed and credit business revenue increasing by more than 45 per cent, while the light asset industry was relatively low, with only 3 per cent positive growth in the investment portfolio and a small decline in the revenue from both the portfolio and the brokerage operations.
II. BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS: SCIENTIFIC, OVERALL DEVELOPMENT: (i) INVESTMENTS: PROJECT LEVEL, PROJECT RESERVES EXPLOITATION, AS AT AUGUST 2019, a equity financing amounting to $54.66 billion, down 25 per cent from the same period last year.
Fund-raising rose by 27% in the same year, and was stimulated mainly by the first profits from the creation board, with the first fund-raising in July 2019, a single month, amounting to $44.6 billion, and the highest one month since July 2015. According to the Vande statistics list of equity underwriters, bond underwriters have been ranked first in the industry since 2015.
The number of underwriting was two in the industry, with 23.5 billion yuan in mid-August 2019 and 18.11 per cent in the market, significantly exceeding the figure of 10.53 per cent in the second place, with a strong leader and a strong investment edge of 100 million yuan; and 26 refinancing of the main underwriting project, with a total of 102.84 billion yuan in the main underwriting.
As of August 2019, Sino-Sin securities had 193 sponsors, ranked third in the industry, followed only by Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin, and widely issued securities. With regard to the ipo project reserve, Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin securities currently numbering 62 companies, ranked fourth in the industry, considering that 9 of the ipo projects are currently under consideration and 15 have received feedback.
Four renewal projects have been pre-disclosed. A total of 34 firms are currently reviewing.
In terms of the ranking of the volume of bonds paid by the Sino-Sin securities for the past three years, the Sino-Sinse securities have been ranked first on the market for almost three years, and the size of the bonds has been growing year by year. Market occupancy rates have also been rising steadily, from 3.33 per cent in 2015, with 9,921 new three-board companies registered as of mid-2019, with a total equity of 5,986.66.
The company ' s hosting of the securities firm was ranked first in the quality evaluation of the firm ' s performance, while the Sino-Sino-Sino Stock Exchanges led the industry in terms of the average value of the total assets of the Sino-Sino-Sin securities firm, indicating that the Sino-Sin securities were biased towards large-scale enterprises in the selection of the new three-slated items. At the end of 2018, Sino-Sin securities provided market services to 93 listed companies, of which 44 were in innovation.
Levels. Since 2019, companies have managed to capture market trends and continuously optimize their warehousing structures. As of 2 September 2019, 63 Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sult (Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sulti-Sul) companies had been reduced by one third since the beginning of the year, with a total market value of $248.8 billion, which is now fourth in the industry.
In the areas of intra-business restructuring, marketized M & As, cross-border M & As, companies have completed various M & As deals with market influence and innovative M & As transactions, such as China's aluminium industry, debt swaps, M & As, U.S. and U.S. groups that absorb the merger of small swans, and M & As.
Figure 17: 2018 Financial Advisors participating in M & As top 10 cases Cross-border M & As, companies playing a global positioning advantage and responding positively to the country’s “one-way” initiative.
In the first half of 2019, the company helped Chinese food estates to complete the acquisition of 14.7 billion yuan in the People’s Dollar (RMB) from the city’s land complex to achieve a +h two-wheel drive of the Midfood Group’s land plate; and assisted Tang Bekun to collect his income.
The sale of Australian bio-spacgroup deals, through the China CSRC, has led to a further expansion of Town Beachen’s foreign war strategy. The Sino-Sin securities investment brands are highly superior, creating synergies that drive other business developments.
Highlights are the best securities underwriters, best equity issuers, best cross-country M & A awards, native best investors for new wealth, best equity underwriters, best creditors, best M & As.
Lines bring synergies, such as the fact that clients of equity-financed projects completed by some companies become clients of hosting, financing and stock pledge buy-back operations of the company, reducing the cost of receiving customers while widening the revenue stream of the business. (ii) Brokering: financial science and technology are driving the transition and the market share is increasing.
During the first half of 2019, the overall activity of the domestic securities market was higher than during the same period in 2018, with SCM optimizing customers The classification service system, in depth, collating customer service needs and the ability of the company to service, matching client differentiation needs with precision identification and service; enriching the system of configured investment products and exploring new players in ultra-high net customer services; and deep application
In the first half of 2019, individual clients of companies accumulated more than 8.5 million, clients of general corporate bodies 36,000 and host clients.
In terms of net earnings (including seat lease) from agent trading in securities in the first half of 2019, the Sino-Sin securities ranked sixth in the industry with $1.958 billion in revenue, and the Ghai-Kon-Ann invested himself in industry (III) with $2,555 million in self-investment: timely upscaling was effective, with a combination of efficiency gains.
In the first half of 2019, the company’s own equity operations were based on industrial fundamentals, focusing on high-quality growth firms, combining a macro-assembly perspective, continuing to adhere to absolute yield orientation, and achieving robust growth in its performance. By the end of the first half of the year, the credit equity group’s own assets stood at $32.678 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over their size at the end of 2018, with a good harvest in the right time.
The largest block. Through a combination of time and time, flexible financial management systems are developed that save capital costs, reduce performance volatility, and effectively control portfolio market risks. The company’s alternative investment operations respond positively to market changes, based on macro-analysis and judgement, with quantitative transactions at their core, flexible use of a variety of financial instruments and derivatives for risk management.
Investing in gold is about 1.4 billion yuan yuan in medical equipment, advanced manufacturing, new energy, new materials, etc. Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino investment covers the entire spectrum of investments in technology and advanced manufacturing, modern services, health care, M&As, etc.
With a financial equity investment platform, it has been actively involved in supporting STI enterprise development, and after the launch of the Science and Innovation Board market, nine of the investing enterprises have declared themselves to be PIPPipo, while SISP is strategically investing in the corporate-sponsored PIPP, in accordance with regulatory requirements.
In the light of trends in self-employment investment, the size of the company's own business equity investment as a share of net capital has been consistently higher than that of the industry. In the first half of the year 2019, the company seized the upward trend in the market, strengthening equity investment, and investing in self-employment equity as a share of net capital.
In terms of trends in self-supporting investment, the size of firm-owned investments as a share of net capital has generally increased since 2015 and is higher than the average of coupons.
(iv) Investment management: orderly and proactive management and growth in the size of retail operations
The size of the RMB 1,296.913 billion, the size of the RMB 563.111 billion, the size of the RMB 563.111 billion, and the size of the administration are the fourth highest among the listed securities, according to the semi-annual 2019 report issued by the listed dealers, with the net income from the management of the SCM at RMB 726 million.
(i) The securities industry doubled its performance in the first half of 2019 and the industry ' s leverage rate continued to rise. The secondary market index fell sharply in 2018 due to peripheral factors such as tightening capital market regulations and the trade war.
According to the securities firm operating data published by the Securities Association, there were 131 securities companies in 2018, of which 106 were profitable and the number of profit-making companies was connected.
As of the end of July 2019, the stock-base transactions in the deep two markets stood at $83.76 trillion, up 27 per cent from the same period last year. As of 2 September 2019, the above-certified index stood at 2924.11, an increase of 17 per cent from the beginning of the year.
By the end of the year, data had increased by 13, changing the downward trend in the number of profit-making companies over the past two years.
41.37 per cent of net profits of $66,662 million, an increase of 102,866 per cent over the same period; the top three lines of activity in the sub-sector are in the order of portfolio investment, agent trading and net interest income.
In the case of light assets, the revenue from brokering increased by 22 per cent over the year, lower than the market; stock-based turnover increased by 27 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of the continuing decline in the rate of commission in the industry; and investment management decreased by 8 per cent over the same period owing to the downsizing of the industry as a whole.
In the first half of 2019, industry assets expanded rapidly, reaching an all-time high of $7 trillion in total assets, up 3.85% from the start of the year. In the broader context of financial deleveraging, the equity sector’s leverage has risen.
Capital, especially for capital-consumption business development, such as self-investment and credit operations.a The average daily turnover in the stock market reached $884.7 billion in March, a peak of nearly 12 months, followed by a four-month decline and a steady recovery in August.
Bonders increased their accumulated operating income by 33 per cent and their net profits by 40 per cent in the first seven months of 2019, and despite a decline in their monthly income after entering the second quarter, the overall performance of bond dealers in 2019 is expected to increase by 40 per cent in the same year (ii) the regulatory policy continues to be untying, benefiting the coupons more
Since 2019, CVM and exchanges have issued a number of policy documents that benefit the securities industry as a whole, with Sino-Sin securities as a front liner. The long-term and far-reaching implications for the securities sector include rapid landings of panels, untying of futures transactions, and encouraging venture capital entry and greater openness to the outside world.
As of 20 September 2019, the market value of the Sino-Kin securities was $264.5 billion, ranking the top of a securities industry stock with a higher valuation premium, and excluding the sub-equity from the sub-equity, the net market rate was second only to the Nin-Kin securities.
Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinos have benefited directly from the capital market policy dividend, the wind has improved the aaa rating for three years in a row, the purchase of the Guangzhous will further expand the business map, and it is expected that the Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino shares will increase their 2019 investment returns, and the Stakeholder scheme will enhance employee motivation and efficiency.
The M&As have not progressed as expected, and stock pledge risk, liquidity risk and policy have not advanced as expected.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.