User growth outpaced medium-sized growth, with high growth in innovative business to 22 April 2018 as the cornerstone of sustained performance improvement
▪ Incident 1: The company published its first quarterly report in 2018, which generated 74,935 million yuan in revenue this quarter, bringing the figure to 29,394.5 million households in comparison with the figure; of these, 7,071,000 had net growth of 194,202,000 households in 4g users; 584,000 had increased the number of broadband users to 78,057,000 households.
▪ Users have grown faster than mobile, and the main business has continued to grow faster. In 2018, the number of users in the company grew better: one, a cumulative 9.782 million users in the first quarter, close to last year's year-round increase, and the pace of user development has accelerated; and three, for the first time this year, the number of new users has surpassed the pace of mobility.
The company’s market is becoming more attractive. Good user development has led to sustained improvements in corporate incomes, high growth in company-owned operations and a net return profit of $532 million in March, which has been new in recent years and has boosted the firm’s confidence in medium- and long-term development.
▪ Data flows continue to grow robustly, and the arpu value remains stable: the penetration rate of the company's 4g users continues.
Uplifting is driving income-side sustainability. Households are high-flow users, with companies growing by 21.7 per cent the year round of data flows, further improving, focusing on industrial Internet operations.
Consolidation of the company ' s position as a priority operator for data operations; on the other hand, the growth of 4g users has largely stabilized the company ' s arpu value, partly ploughing up future speed-down fees for company performance.
The end-of-life scheme has had low performance throughout the year, the industry has continued to do well in its Internet operations, and the broadband business has risen steadily: the company's industry has grown steadily over the past three years, and the growth in its performance over the next three years is still positive.
Network revenues of $5.876 billion, an increase of 36 per cent from the same year, continued to be a significant leader in the overall business growth rate of companies and the business growth rate in 2017 (17.4 per cent), while the company ' s emerging business continued to do well.
The performance growth of new dynamic energy is encouraging. Moreover, the company’s broadband operations have continued to rise in terms of videoization, integration, door red and 4g penetration.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies constantly raise core competition through mixage and market innovation 4. China Connect: undisclosed smoothness, which drives sustained improvement in income-side; sustained decline through precision investment and cutbacks in end-end subsidies
Completion, core business growth dynamic re-entry, business costs and efficiency enhancement; creation of innovative industries for the medium- and long-term development of companies.