The focus strategy worked, with a significant increase in profits in one quarter - China Connect (600050) in 2018, and recently, companies published a quarterly report in 2018: 74,935 million yuan in operating income in one quarter, a year-on-year increase.
8.59 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1.302 billion, an increase of 374.75 per cent over the same period. \triangleright continues to develop rapidly
In 2018, the company continued to deepen its focus strategy to promote development, cost-control and transfer mechanisms, and continued to increase profitability significantly. The company pushed for a transformation of the mobile business development model, innovation of products and marketing models, and upgrading of new entrants. In the first quarter of the year, there was a net increase of 97.8 million users of the company's mobile accounts, reaching 29.4 million households; and a net increase of 4g users was recorded.
19.33 million households, up to 194 million; mobile account user arpu is RMB 47.9, which is a slight decrease in the value of fixed net arpu over the same period last year, with incomes rising on the same scale.
Making products, enhancing operations and services, stimulating grass-roots marketing, and constantly increasing the competitiveness of broadband operations. The number of fixed broadband subscribers reached 78.6 million, a net increase of 1.52 million, compared to the end of last year, but the fixed network broadband access arpu decreased over the same period last year.
The company's profits increased significantly in the first quarter of 2018, mainly due to the introduction of new businesses such as 2i2c, good growth in operating income, and higher levels of Maori and lower financial costs as the number of users increased.
The quarterly Māori rate was 26.45%, an increase of 1.48% compared to the same period last year, with good results in cost control. Corporate financial costs fell by 80.39% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of lower interest-bearing liabilities.
In 2018, the company will continue to expand its 5g-long industrial Internet operation to further institutional change, and research assistant: Yang Myechi will not be able to make the desired changes; the new business will not expand as expected.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Yang Xiao, Master ' s degree, nine years of industry experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution sales, August 2015
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association (CVA), ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.