The company realized its main operating income of $249.02 billion, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period; the total profits amounted to $2.9 billion in lost assets associated with the transformation of the company each year, excluding that effect.
The total profit was $5.28 billion, the net profit attributable to the parent company was $1.15 billion, capital expenditure fell sharply, and the operating position improved considerably, a 5.6-fold increase compared to the same year.
The market share of 4g users increased by 3.7 percentage points in the same year, while 4g users accounted for 61.5 per cent of mobile users, an increase of 21.9 percentage points in the same year.
Corporate dynamic flow operations, innovation and scaling-up of transformational products such as 2i2c, 2b2c, medium- and high-end packages represented by ice cream, market segmenting, precision marketing, low-marketing to high-impact target users, especially young people, and 4g user-scale breakthroughs.
The company has accelerated its transition to an innovative business model of “flow plus content” and has promoted the production of flow-type products, superimposed content and equity, released the value of the flow, and maintained strong growth in mobile data operations. Corporate mobile income increased by 28.8 per cent in 2017, to 92.14 billion yuan in comparison;
The average monthly household data flow for cellular subscribers reached 2433mb, an increase of 359.0 per cent over the same period, and still had a new breakthrough in 2017 in key innovative business areas, generating revenue of $3.32 billion for ict, an increase of 11.0 per cent over the same period; income from idc and cloud computing reached $11.02 billion.
Companies have completed mixed ownership reforms and promoted innovative business with strategic shareholders. Companies have completed mixed ownership reforms and successfully introduced 14 strategic investors through non-public issuances, connections to old group stock transfers, and at the company level they have received 75 billion yuan in funds.
The blending funds are used mainly for 4g capacity enhancement, 5g group network technology validation, related network pilot commercial construction projects, and innovative business construction projects. Companies have been able to access 2i2c at a low cost during the year through marketing contact points and co-development on-line with a number of large interconnected companies.
About 50 million households; work with 100 degrees of depth in areas such as networking, artificial intelligence, big data; in-depth cooperation with Tseng and Alibaba at the level of cloud operations, opening up resources and capabilities to each other; and working with Kyundong, Alibaba and Sunin to build an experience shop for intelligent life and explore actively
New retail business models; in-depth collaboration with strategic investors in the area of basic communications to promote resource-sharing and business synergies; and, in the long run, we maintain a “prudentially increased” rating for companies.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.