Quarter performance exceeded expectations and new capital and cloud computing generated demand Quarterly performance forecast rating (20200410) Quarterly performance forecast by companies for 2020 with net profit expected to be attributable to shareholders in listed companies
q1’s performance was over-expected, with a sequenced push during the epidemic, product and customer structure optimized, with an increase of 57%-82% in net profit of $324.1 million and a decrease of 26%-36% in ring 2019q4. q4 is corporate.
With the high seasonality, 2020q1 continues to be a 2019q4 development, with optimized product structure, medium- and high-speed rates, higher operating income and Māori rates, robust overseas clients, leading to sustained growth in performance. The three major operators increased capital spending by 5g, and the new infrastructure accelerated growth of the light module business, according to the three major operators.
According to the performance report for 2019, capital expenditure by the three major operators amounted to $334.8 billion in 2020, an increase of 11.65 per cent over the same year, and capital expenditure related to 5g amounted to $18.3 billion, or nearly three times the same.
5g construction speed, upstream new capital demand, downstream high-profile offshore clients, companies as central suppliers of communications, and has entered the Nokia, Ericsson supply chain, medium high-speed light module product plus Fu Xinlong.
As a result of the epidemic, more offices, education, and medical care were transferred to the Internet in February-March, using online offices as an example.
According to the AIDS consultant, more than 300 million users in China used remote-based public applications during the new spring of 2020. Now, the global epidemic is uncontrollable, and online applications are expected to be regularized, accelerating the demand for cloud computing, further creating the global cloud computing giant’s demand for high-speed light modules and servers.
Recommenced work, restored production capacity, high-end products of the company, two 400g module products are now in a good business, have a leading industry, and are expected to enter the North American cloud company industrial chain in the future, 400g products plus, in Beijing, in the middle of the 28th of Peace and Rixie Street in the West Side.
The Hengsheng Building, 1000 Lujiang Beak Road, China Free Trade Experiment, into the city's high-news area.
Act No. 17 of the China Sea International Centre B, which uses legally compliant information, provides this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business agreement with the company, it is not a client of the company and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.