On April 22, the company released its annual report for 2019 and its first quarterly report for 2020. The year 2019 saw a high year-round growth in the performance of the battalion and a further increase in profitability in the quarter.
5g-related light module, optical device-related R & D projects have made a breakthrough, resulting in a significant increase in the share of high-speed light module operations. In 2019, operating income and net profits of shareholders belonging to listed companies increased by 53%, 569%, and the Māori rate and net interest rate reached 35%, 18%.
Achieving revenue of $1.1 billion, or 94 per cent of operations, and income of $43 million, or 4 per cent, for the pon light module. The epidemic does not reduce business trends, and q1 performance gains further.
The ratio of high-speed light modules has increased considerably, and the product has a low alternative advantage.
The company has nearly 3,000 current light module products, covering a large number of mainstream light module products, as well as a small number of non-marked light module products, which can make a profit in multiple areas such as broadband, communications, data centres, security, etc. (2) The company is a small minority in the country.
Enterprises that deliver 100 g light modules, 400g light modules, high-speed radiator chip encapsulations and lightware encapsulations have now successfully produced the 400g series of light module products with two 400g light module products officially commercialized and industry leading.
In 2020, the country's three largest transports, in Beijing's west-city area, at 28 Peace Rixie Street, nearly three times as high as the previous year.
Calculating needs, further generating global cloud computing giants' demands for high-speed light modules, servers, 1,000 Helium Building, Landgate Ring Road, high-speed light modules that will help upgrade super-large data centres and cloud networks.
Fukuda Fukuwa, the 6th tax freer, has expanded well overseas. The company, as the main supplier of communications, has entered Nokia, Ericsson's supply chain as a high-quality manufacturer, and in mid-2020, the high-speed light module product accelerated, 400g product plus.
China (Sichuan) free trade experiment fast-tracked, with year-round performance.
Act No. 17 of the China Sea International Centre B, which uses legally compliant information, provides this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business agreement with the company, it is not a client of the company and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.