The information technology semiconductor works with semiconductor production equipment Strategic blueprints for future development, power semiconductor giants move on to a new journey Events: The company issued an announcement and signed a framework for strategic cooperation with the People's Government of Xiamen District.
An agreement to cooperate in the construction of two projects: a 12-inch special process chip project, where the company and the Xiamen semiconductor investment group are to invest $17 billion to build two 12 inches of 90-65 nm unique process chip production lines in Xiamen (sea end).
The company and the Xiamen semiconductor investment group are to invest $5 billion to build a 4/6 inch-compatible production line for advanced compound semiconductor devices at Xiamen.
To further develop the technical, market, human, operational and other advantages of designing a single manufacturing model for unique process chip production lines and pre-commodity semiconductor production lines, and to provide a solid basis for long-term development in Slander.
Billion yuan, 90nm wide, yielding 80,000 units per month; implemented in two phases, total equity/flow (million shares) 5 billion yuan, with the company contributing 300 million dollars in currency to achieve a monthly production capacity of 40,000 units.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) is estimated to have invested 10 billion yuan in a wide process line of 65 nm-90nm. The production of the two main production lines marks the company’s separation of device processes to an international level.
Flow levels. There was only a 12-inch separation device line in the country, where aos (the American Universal Semiconductor) built a factory in Chongqing in July 2017, with a total project investment of US$ 1 billion, 70,000 a month. Slanwa has a better advantage than the Universal Semiconductor in terms of input output.
The main products are the next generation of photocommunication module chips, 5g radio frequency-related modules, high-end led chips, etc.
From downstream applications, it can be judged that the company's production line is mainly gan (the next generation of luminous communication modules and video modules such as 5g base stations will use the ganonsilicon programme; the mainstream blue light led chip will use the sapphire lining and grow gan expanses).
The first triam PVI semiconductor project, with a total investment of $3 billion, built 300,000 gaas a year and 6 inches of 60,000 gan a year. A preliminary estimate of the company’s capacity for this investment is about 600,000 tablets/year.
Xiamen became a semiconductor industry town in China, and the advantages of the industrial chain were highlighted: Xiamen's semiconductor project, which was currently in production, had a 12-inch ring complex, integrated with a 6-inch crystal factory, and an integrated 6-inch gan and gaas line; the project under construction had a microelectric containment plant.
The implementation of the miniature 12-inch production line and semiconductor product line of compounds will further strengthen the industrial chain cluster effects in Xiamen City. Consider future synergies between companies.
Quick Microelectricity: The project started to test, 2018 looked optimistic, Quick Microelectricity: The project started to test, 2018 looked optimistic.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.